this " dull " cowboy blondie who guess he is a ` tinker's dam ' adept loverboy, decides to forget his dusty ol ' town somewhere in texas and go to new house of york. he set on his beloved cowboy dress and off he hop on the next new york motorbus. when he arrives to new house of york, atomic number 2 now gear up out to play mr. playboy thinking atomic number 2 is the good ` darn ' ` rivet ' in the whol ' o ' new york city. apparently he fails. he encounter the ' cripple ' racketeer influenced and corrupt organizations act (dustin malvina hoffman, world health organization is terrifically ripe) in a bar. rico has a leg that is paralyze from the stifle down, so helium walks in a queer agency. racketeer influenced and corrupt organizations act is a thief and wants to get some money cancelled this ' fat ' dumb cowboy. he cheat our cowboy out of $ 20 through a moderately elaborate routine and disappears. soon, our cowboy runs out of money: he get kicked out of his hotel, and starts getting hungry. walk through the city, with " everybody ' s talkin ' " playing in the background (buckeye state, and his prided techno transistor wireless in hand ), he blemish rico in a cafe. rico act, half - pit, decant out all the money in his pocket. 60 foul cents. our rodeo rider, hungry, exist forgiving. helium is happy he found someone he knows. rico act offers to make information technology up for him. and helium invites him to his place. and what a filthy, cold plaza information technology is. our cowboy fall asleep in a flash in the (junk) bed. when he finally wakes (jump? ) upwardly, he finds rico looking at him. " you wanna loving cup ' a ' coffee? " rico asks in his friendly, sleazy, more or less - childish mode while he smokes on a ciggy. " what ' re you? a goddamn faggot? what do you desire from me? where exist my shoes? what do you do to them? " but all his doubts turn stunned to live groundless. anti racketeering law really has a heart. together, they live in the junk flat and nearly freeze to death. rico is convert that the in effect space to be is florida, where the sun shines attractively and on that point represent lots of coconut trees. but helium falls sick and personify convinced that his cure is to go to florida. " we will shortly embody in miami " is the last sentence utter in this film and what a shocking, moving ending of a pic it is. the classic theme music: " midnight cowboy " helps land astir the touch sensation of attachment that most viewer will experience towards the end of the picture show. whether the affixation is to the two main characters or to their dream, be probably as disputable as whether information technology was the acting or the direction that make this film and so memorable. 