this is the good british gangster film since the long in force fri. jon bennet (played by andrew howard) is an exceedingly good bravo. as such helium is probably an evil human beings only it does non worry him. helium has become an implicit weapon. he is in the employ of a swivel pin (david alexander calder) far to a greater extent malefic than he is. but even assassins get destitute pasts. he run into an old from school days and he is married to a mutual girlfriend acquaintance from shoal. complicating matters is that they live near where he get a late job and their young daughter may have ensure him at the crime. a large small arm of what makes this film work is the delineation of the kingpin. calder be a familiar actor in britain, though not frequently see to it in the united states. he was seen in the worldly concern is non plenty. here he make nonpareil of the best screen villains in recent years. he is at once seductive and repellant similar a beautiful venomous snake. his den represent underground, ostensibly in a sewer, where he live like the king of sewer rats. it be the headpin who pulls the string that will control white avens ' s life. paul sarossy who directs spent most of his career as a camera operator and like the kingpin ' s lair, helium has molded images of category and panache proscribed of the darkness. by using semi - darkness and letting the colour of bass amytal and black dominate every vista he makes the plastic film visually equally ill as anything in this nether world. this is a human race that embody cold and uncongenial. sorossy create a world of violence very much more by what we hear than what we see. this personify a film with a great deal of physical violence occurring simply taboo of reach. we see very little but we see a big deal more and we imagine more than than that. the screenplay is by peter waddington based on the novel by neil cross, but it be sarossy ' s movie all the way. it create indelible images of evil. iodin rate information technology an 8 on the 0 to 10 scale and a depleted + tierce on the - 4 to + 4 shell. ( i do hope they do not use the tagline " father ' t mess with mr.. in - between. " ) 