robert altman ' s cookie ' s fortune is that rare movie that does not look on sentimentality to exist uplifting and to make up information technology watcher feel good. information technology is a gay, delightful, languid comedy, fill with adorable carrying out, skillful way and topped off with an understated, clever, extraordinary script. as this is an ensemble piece, it is forced to start of slowly as it introduces us to its characters, all of them domicile in a southern town yell holly fountain. foremost we meet willie (charles s. dutton ), an honest man with a slight imbibition wont. we then see that willie make care of an senior lady nicknamed cookie, who is lento losing her grasp on sanity and be be filled with loneliness, desperation, and want of her dead husband. we cut to camille (glenn tight) world health organization be obsessively directing a play with her sister cora (julianne marianne moore ). then we briefly get down acquainted with emma (liv tyler ), an apparent relative of cooky, who is a down - merely - not - out teenage outcast, however full of passion and hope even though she cause no real place to live. we too fleetingly see emma ' s fan jason (chris o ' donnell ), an ambitious but far also excitable untested cop. we are now about one one quarter done the deuce 60 minutes picture, and robert altman decides that it is time to set the patch in motion. we control the ecstatic cookie stare hopefully at a picture of her married man. she exclaims " hither one come! " and and so puts a pillow to her side and shoots herself. presently after, her niece camille newmarket by to get a fruit salad pipe bowl, comes upstairs, finds cookie dead and flip out. convinced that suicide is a disgrace and that she will have none of that in her home, she eats the suicide government note and win over her slightly deadening (yet sweet) sister that it was a murder. she makes sure that she stages it like a slaying as good; scattering jewelry all ended the floor, intermit a few cabinets, windows and door, and so throwing the gun stunned in the hind yard. the sole reasonable defendant be willie, who immediately gets have into custody, and couch in a jail cell (they all know he didn ' t do it, so the cell stays loose and he play scrabble with the sheriff and the faithful emma ). in the meantime, the unruffled camille continue her none - excessively - subtle manipulations trying to further cover up for the murder while at the like clip making her easter play a succeeder. so start cookie ' s fortune, a film ably described by critic scott renshaw as " a southerly spin on fargo, " except that this one is far funnier and much more enjoyable than the coen brother ' darker, somewhat disturb and slightly overrated escapade. robert altman ' s slight picture is in some ways reminiscent of something like midnight in the garden of good and evil as good, in that both films focus (on and off) on the eccentricities of the occupier in a southern us town. indeed, most of the characters in cookie ' s chance are loading of fun to observe, and a percentage of them be fascinating and amazingly multi - dimensional. john herschel glenn jr. close turns in an insubstantial (in terms of her career) but splendid performance as the conniving camille and be also the rootage of a good portion of the many laughs that we enjoy in this movie, and she is perfectly cast as the prolific " aunt alexandria " character, unendingly haunt with family dignity. the equally indispensable role of willie is handled with an intangible grace by veteran thespian charles ix s. dutton (mimic, a prison term to vote out ) there be nothing like a movie which leaves you feeling all quick and fuzzy interior time of day, yet days after the film ends. biscuit ' s fortune is such a movie. i loved the light, kindhearted approach altman (whose last place projection was the dark, acute drama the gingerbread isle of man) took towards the tricky open affair. unity relish the talented ensemble cast. i still liked the trite " in the south everybody cost related to everybody " platitude that is inevitably employed by the clock time this movie draws to a conclusion. i ' mebibyte not sure wherefore cookie ' s destiny accept such an all - around pleasing effect on me. perhaps it ' s that good ol ' southerly charm. 