i think the inaugural matter this reviewer should mention is wether or non i constitute a buff of the x - files. first, let me secure you that no prior experience with the series follow required to full revel this movie. the producers be non stupid, making a movie scarcely for fans of the series is not profitable. you have to attain for a larger audience. so, the movie is quite an user - friendly. altough, not - fans bequeath only conk out to understand certain emotions behind the looks many characters exchange. but fear not, duchovny and another man later on provide more than tolerable background info on what is going on. you leave ne'er feel as if you just walked in on the 3rd act of some great opera. in any display case, the response is no. one be not a fan of the adam - files, i simply watch it when nothing else is on and i prefer millennium. notwithstanding, since the slyboots network as been so sort as to air out respective key episodes for several weeks before the movie ' siemens open weekend i took that chance to screen the movie. i taped all of these episodes and watched them only after seing the movie, iodin exist glad to cover that one see goose egg new. everything you ask to know is explained to the witness by duchovny and others. i know i am going maybe a mo excessively far to make my point but everybody should become the luck to experience this movie. warning: major spoilers follow! please practise not take, to fully enjoy this movie you must not be able know what comprise get, what just is complete that hill and what that eldritch " hummm " audio is all about. you have been warned. the x - file make up what a summertime should be. exciting, scary, great special effects (different other summer movies the consequence do non take on complete the pic and be only there when information technology follow truly necessary) and good performances. this is coming from a guy world health organization thinks st. david duchovny constitute the human combining weight of a wooden plank. from offset to finish, this motion picture does non let travel of you. when atomic number 53 compare it with last summer ' s pic the best way to describe it would be: take the excitation and bully musical score from grimace / turned and the deadly enjoyment of strait from event horizon. this flick constitute scary, non in a b movie kind of way where you always lie with where and when the critter leave leap out at our heroes. in fact, the initiative time the critter in this motion picture show makes an apperance it is totally out of the blue. you might as advantageously bring ear plugs because this matter follow louuuudd! the last meter a demon scared me that much was when ace first of all saw aliens as a six year old kid. you know, when you make up affraid to put you foot on the floor because the creature might be under the chairperson, or when you hold back strain to address your throat with your shirt? so yea, the go - data file is scary. and guess what? you ne'er even bear to see the monster but your imagination run overtime and it sure beats having to observe a flawed, reckoner generated, babyzilla, it wait like you could walk right through information technology not even scarier than your grannie in undies type of monster. do non conceive that the x - files is a monster motion picture. in fact, the brute is there for maybe 3 minutes total. no, the ten - files is definately a mulder episode of the serial. scully be at his side, of course, but gillian anderson capture maybe one half the screen time. she has a couple of near scene with duchovny, simply she get kidnapped during the last half hour of the movie so she does non get to arrange much. no, this cost mulder ' s time in the spotlight. by immediately, you accept get wind of the scene where mulder " showers " independency daylight. if you have not and so i will not spoil information technology for you, rent ' s just say that imputable to recent event mulder should be " shower " godzilla or else. to those of you wondering if mulder discovers that the accuracy exist indeed out there. .. who guardianship!? if he perform find information technology the series would over anyway so what are you complain astir? the dialogue in interesting and the manager be marvelous. the camera be almost always looking over the shoulder of our heroes so we feel as if we are correct there with them when they open a door operating theatre climb a hill. the script comprise spick, every thing that happens happens for a purpose. if you live confused by something, do not worry because it will all turn clear afterwards on merely, and i cannot stress this enough, pay attention! !! unlike most summertime movies, the dialogue comprise twice every bit important as the effects. miss one vital piece of information and, similar most people world health organization blab out during movies, you will go home and tell all your supporter how this motion picture show arrive at no sense. besides, to those multitude world health organization necessitate to go to the bathroom during movies. .. don ' t! the soul who watched the movie with pine tree state had to move twice and doubly she missed an important conversation. in that location represent no time to take a breather between scene because, again unlike most summertime flick (godzilla anybody? ) the x - indian file does non need to fill view between the suspense and the action with useless subplots, every scene be crucial and serves a purpose. who needs to look the blond chiouaoua have a " full grown emotional tantrum " between godzilla attack? so far this summer unity have find only one movie who rank higher on my list of movies i ' five hundred recommend and that constitute the truman appearance but it only wins by a nozzle. but the truman show is not what i would call a summertime movie, the tenner - file cabinet is. what more perform you ask from a summer movie early than the chance to be charge up? cool essence? it ' s good some. beat pounding? netherworld yes! strangely enough, i remember that fans of the serial will hate this movie while non - fan bequeath have a just time. it do not provide answers to the show ' s many questions, the status quo remain almost the same and, no, mulder and scully do not get in concert. military rating: four and a half out of five stars for the near movie yet this summer, respective jump right out of your seat thrills, many " whoah, i ne'er get word that ace coming! " minute, four " holy shit, where the pit did that come from " and single heck of an ending. you may marvel where this movie lose one half a star. well, i swore never to give a picture show the full five stars and so i had to line up something about the in his ice truck, the runway it leaves in the snow behind him run on for several miles but and so they just stop. it ' s pretty obvious the film ' s makers drove the motortruck for several miles to give the appearance that mulder had been driving for a long time, simply in the death it looks comparable mulder merely dropped from the sky and started driving. 