veteran actor clint eastwood has never looked as grizzle as helium exercise in true crime, his late directorial effort. when steve everett (his young character) gets angry at someone, he glares them downward with those noted dirty harry oculus, furrows his brow and frown same a grizzly bear who ' s just lost his cubs. eastwood have played some especially vile characters in his time, but everett could merely take the patty. he perplex my voting, at least, part because ` ev ' is a drunken affair - a - week philanderer who has many human relationship problems, very few of which are with his wife (diane venora ). when his fellow worker at the oakland tribune is in an ugly car shipwreck and dies, everett must strike concluded for her at a life sustaining interview session. the audience is with plainspoken beacham (isaiah washington ), a death - row inmate do to die at midnight for the slaying of a meaning convenience store shop clerk. eastwood furrows his brow. as everett step by step finds information, helium agnize that beacham could very well be destitute. he interviews a primal witness (michael jeter ), who claims that he burst in the threshold at pocum ' s foods because his car have overheated, only to see beacham standing over the bushed woman ' s consistency, blood on his suspenders, gas in helping hand. but everett protests: how could he have witness the gun, which was lowered by his position, with the potato chip single foot in forepart of him? jeter doesn ' metric ton know what he ' s spill about. eastwood furrows his brow. wavy expressions and all, clint be the centre of energy of true criminal offense. the film be by no means a received activity / suspense narration, but a heedful human taradiddle in which the characters come before the shoot - out. isaiah capital of the united states has a rupture - out execution as straight from the shoulder beacham, and scenes with him and his weary wife (lisa gay hamilton) equal truly heartfelt minute. but the best view are ones that feature eastwood duking it verboten with those in authorization over him. denis leary, as everett ' s editor program and boss, give birth more than a few memorable moments of restrict anger (you watch, electron volt be sleeping with his married woman ). simply pass on down, the to the highest degree enjoyable segments of the cinema constitute when james woods is on camera. spiel the big hirer alan mann, woodwind instrument and eastwood create amusing chemistry and laugh - kayoed - loud punchlines. when dependable offence opts for a gamy - fastness chase to the governer ' s family at the finale, the tone of film - qualification take an abrupt nosedive. eastwood follow so successful with colored part portraits that helium didn ' t need to switch lanes. rightful crime is a stress - construction, intriguing drama show window for the talented music director and star. this is a road engine block helium could have easily dismissed (one furrow my brow ). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 