at first glance, daytime would look like your typical disaster movie. on 2d glance it front that way too. although, as typical catastrophe moving picture show go, daylight isn ' t that bad. avowedly, information technology seems to rip off a neat hand of its plot devices from disaster flick of days gone by (think poseidon dangerous undertaking ). but the adequate dialogue and astonishingly practiced acting make upward for the " haven ' tonne one seen this scene somewhere before? " experience that creeps upwards all excessively often during the film. sylvester stallone stars as the latterly fired head of novel house of york ' s emergency reception team. by sheer luck, he exist in the proper place at the good time when tragedy strikes the unaware inhabitants of this little film. " what catastrophe be that? " you ask, as you inch ever so close to the boundary of your seat. gladiolus you asked. through a whole succession of whole likely events (about as likely as hit the lottery) a large explosion takes place in the lincoln tunnel running under the william henry hudson river in new york city. the explosion result in the burrow collapsing at both ends, which make non only massive loss of life, but traps a dozen mass inside the wreckage of the burrow. good sometime sly, world health organization comprise only feet away from entering the tunnel when it collapse, offers his services to the rescuer, who gladly take on it. sly then move into the burrow through a volcano shaft (think judge dredd) which he fire merely get in, and not out off, and proceeds to try to rescue those trapped at heart. and so begin the fun, but the fun cause to be agile, because this tunnel make started to spring a leak. the acting is about what you would require of a stallone movie. not superb by any means, but far above some of his early films (think justice dredd again ). daylight ' s playing is likely average, beaver state a fiddling above, in condition of this sort of genre, starring this particular wiz. amy brenneman is the only actor of any bank bill, and she suffice a somewhat good job as stallone ' s loath assistant. oh yeah, stallone ' s actual life son, sage, be in this likewise. sage - - overnice name. i guess it could be worse, he could accept exist named nutmeg operating theater parsley. note to sage - - you be nonetheless young. go to shoal and get a dear education - - you don ' thyroxin experience a future in roleplay. the plot of ground runs along the same line as the roleplay - - interesting, but predictable. mostly due to the fact that information technology was jolly well recycled from a dozen other military action flicks. the biggest job with a pic of this nature comprise that they try to chock up too many things into the movie. as soon as the cast pull in 1 seemingly impossible vault, another unmatchable seems to pop right up, even worse than the last single. i recognize that it wouldn ' t represent much of a moving picture otherwise, but it does pretend the movie a bite predictable. adding to the predictability be the cast of characters, which of course, has to include at least unrivalled operating theatre 2 difficult people who want to do things their ain way and think the qualified cat (in this caseful stallone) doesn ' t know what he is doing. why follow it in disaster movies we can never have everyone agree with each other and all workplace together? would this be too much to inquire? lavatory ' t we all just get along? particular consequence weren ' t bad - - only i ' ve certainly seen better. some of the conniption, while fun to find out, be such blatant riptide - offs that you had to marvel if playscript from old movies live just copied verbatim. especially all of the scenes that involve anything underwater (the tunnel, of course, bug out to flood ). unity really have a bun in the oven gene hackman, roddy mcdowell and ernest borgnine to appear at any minute - - i wasn ' t sure if i was watch over daylight or the poseidon adventure. i suppose if you ingest to rip sour a movie for safe ideas, the poseidon escapade be a salutary one to use. the underwater sequences (aside from the deja vu) were real well shot and make moderately good. they make up the best role of the movie by a long shot. better than average stallone flick. i see that ' s non saying much when the man have evaluator dredd on his resume. but certainly non up to the standard of cliffhanger. daylight is a fun movie, and as long as you aren ' t expecting a solid lot you might yet make up pleasantly storm. 