the dream team is a thoroughly entertaining comedy have four lovable characters world health organization precisely occur to be slightly insane. billy, play by michael keaton, is an extremely temperamental mental ward patient whose unforesightful primer and violent tantrums incline to get him in trouble. christopher lloyd portray henry, an obsessional - compulsive world health organization require that everything be neat, orderly, on schedule, and by the books. he consider he ' s a doctor so he walks around wear a suit and carrying a clipboard on which he constantly scribbles note and filing cabinet reports. jack, played by peter robert boyle, think atomic number 2 ' s jesus. and finally, at that place ' s stephen furst as prince albert, a chubby catatonic who speaks only in baseball and tv idiom. the dream team follows the misadventures that beset the 4 - some when their psychiatrist, dr. weitzman, takes them out of the hospital for a field trip up to yankee stadium. during a pit check, they get separated from weitzman and are left to stand for themselves in manhattan. the movie ' s charm derives largely from the camaraderie and alchemy between its delightful hurl. the quatern leads in the moving picture show trifle off each other quite effectively; they ne'er miss an opportunity to argue, bicker, operating room diss unrivalled another. henry and jack tar, for exercise, fight concluded world health organization ' s going to get to ride in the front passenger seat on the direction to the game. the actors in the dream team have a good deal of sport with their character and with each other. michael keaton is considerably cast as billy; he gives his cynical eccentric considerable complexness. as the divinely jack, st. peter boyle succeeds in observe his one - dimensional type funny and fresh. although stephen furst ' s catatonic character is cliched, the histrion makes him charitable and endearing. while keaton, boyle, and furst are good, information technology ' s christopher lloyd world health organization genuinely pretend the movie special. lloyd devote all the same another outstanding comic performance. his consistency language (for representative, the way he walks) and his facial face are perfectly suited to his compulsive grapheme. harold lloyd ' s brilliant performance yield a pathetic, moving, and memorable character. the dream team is a solid funniness with more profundity and play than you might await from its simple premiss. the characters are so appealing that you can beg off the film for its frequently outlandish and unbelievable patch. 