seen july eighter, 1998 at the crossgates cinema 18, (albany, new york state ), theater # vii, at 8: xv p. m. with my mom use hoyts movie theater cash. [ dramatic art evaluation: * * * 1 / 2: very practiced audio, video, and seats ] information technology ' s very rare that any medium of entertainment give the axe give one an authentic, intense sense of reality and life. all stories be about select moments of time and billet in the characters ' animation, but solely the truly with child ones are able to define their realities comfortably plenty so the audience can experience it just as the characters do. therefore, " endure with the wind " deserve accolades for information technology ability to say the epic story it does, in such a crafted, intricate, and harbour manner. it ' s a crowning achievement, non only in filmmaking, but for storytelling itself. the film takes place in empire state of the south before, during, and after the civil warfare. this plays a major gene in the cinema ' s success. to use such a historical setting presents many possibility and problems since no one make up live at the clock time to verify its accuracy. it power also seem cliche, boring and former such deterent factor to potential viewers. can a floor set so long ago represent relatable directly? the film confronts all these problem, paradoxically, by not cronfronting them. it doesn ' triiodothyronine just hoopla in the " right affair " at the " right sentence, " it make an entire reality where everything makes horse sense and say concerns are irrelevant. build up a inviolable foundation is significant to all forms of media, without which, what live there to progress on? we ' re given some backstory here and learn a little astir our characters, especially our main character, scarlett group o ' hara (leigh ), a beautiful southern belle with a will of steel, a cunning brain, and a tremendous sense of liberty in such an tyrannical time. she knows how her society works, wherein everything she does can and will act a role in the formation of her biography and those around her. right from the root we realise how compulsive she is to have her way no matter what the consequences crataegus laevigata be. be the to the highest degree sought after - after woman allows her to manipulate men (and their women) to ensure she gets her fashion, whether it represent obvious (one. e. who will cost the one to have her intellectual nourishment ), or subtle (ane. e. get married just to bruise someone ). the man she lay claim to love is ashley wilkes (catherine howard ), a meek man who does non seem to have the like rage for her as she does for him. atomic number 2 isn ' t so arrogant and demanding as scarlett, in fact, he ' s engaged to a woman with a personality much more like his. her gens is melanie (de havilland ), and she equal one of the sweetest, genial, and most likable lineament i will ever go steady. she and scarlett suit very pricy friend, but she ne'er suspect the jealously scarlett has for her, and the dearest she has for her husband. her meekness is both her strongest and weakest characteristic - it define world health organization she is, but doesn ' t give her much emotional ego - defensive structure. acting a catalyst to the love life triangulum, and to the story as a unit personify the daper, stong - willed, cunning, cocky southern commercial enterprise and military humankind captain rhett butler (gable ). he ' s quite a a fictitious character all right - everyone listens to what he has to state even though he ' s got a unfit report. butler cause no apologies for his brobdingnagian amount of money nor his conduct. helium distinguish everyone the much - needed the true in the rigid caste - like society where freewill doesn ' t seem to exist, everything is make out out of honor and custom. for good example, in his first appearance samuel butler enjoin his fellow southerners there ' s no way the due south could defeat the north if state of war were to give away out. this see red them, not for his lack of faith, just because helium has the gall to enunciate it aloud and boastfully at that. " do we have ammunition manufacturing plant? do we have food for thought? arrange we have a navy? all we feature comprise tobacco. " all reliable statements and notwithstanding the southward nonetheless insists he ' s wrong. butler is a shifty character to embody certain, simply atomic number 2 takes such pride in his arrogance it ' s appealing. scarlett notices this too when she first sees him, and from the look samuel butler gives her, we do it helium ' s not going to terminate until atomic number 2 has her. but scarlett ass ' t get past her need for ashley, and during a prospect which sets the stage for the sumptuous account, pantryman learns of this and continues to throw it backwards at scarlett forever. and so the story goes on, with scarlett be thrown and twisted obstacle after obstacle in her life. the battle she mustiness get over range from taking care of her entire family to finding a right husband, especially after she is " marked " for life when her maiden husband dies. this gives the film many opportunities to bring in more reference into the epic story. some are vital for but a few scenes, but their true signifcance leave hold out throughout the film. in most film just a few characters exist for support in background, only this film be to a greater extent realistic and believable as it incorporates a supporting mould the sizing of a small town and everyone has signficance. still hoi polloi in the background seem more than than just extras wandering the solidifying. the costuming design represent outstanding so that the film makes for a existent sense of clip and topographic point. the filmmaker could consume well set more than scenes indoors and narrowly focused to void having to show the outside, real world, only these types of simple approaches are never taken. the first half of the film picture the traumatic experience the confederate states of america face at the net day of the civil warfare. fleming is able to convey the repugnance of information technology all by painting an figure of end and letting the viewer decide just how risky information technology cost. one scene has scarlett working as a nanny at a military infirmary while we get wind a soldier in the background screech, " no! not my leg! father ' t cut off my stage! " another scenery shows her simplying trying to cross a street, but as the camera pull back, we see that her path is blockade by hundreds of hurt soldiers, but it is their moaning that ' s to a greater extent graphic than completely the bloody gore could ever be. as the 2nd one half begin, the pic concentrates more on scarlett as a completely main woman who single - handedly takes care of her family and melanie simply to bruise the tyrany of the north. she manage to resurrect the family plantation, only all the willpower she accept can ' t help her when she must compensate exuberhant taxes position by the north after the south ' s ultimate frustration. this brings rhett butler back into the image and thusly begin their torrid love - hatred relationship. most of the 2d half of the flick is somehow related to the relationship (or miss thereof) between rhett and scarlett. each uses the other for personal profit, only at the same time they still feel an intimate connexion with each other. scarlett continues to use her manipulative ability over men to get what she wants and because rhett can ' t help but want her more every meter she tries to unity - upwards him such as marrying another man and hire over his business. they say opposites attract, but the conflict between rhett and scarlett go bad agency beyond opposing personalities, it frame in on magnetic polarization. they need each early and know this, yet they never appear rightfully happy together. possibly they mistake love for passion, and the picture leaves it improving to us to make this call. both throw things the former wants and frailty versa, but when they compromise, is information technology just to get their own way or because they really care for each other. love and the perceptual experience of love are deuce completely separate thing and throughout the final act of the film, we ' re exit wondering if rhett and scarlett ever truly loved each other and wherefore. gable and leigh doh have heavy chemistry, always depart the viewer wondering which emotions were unquestionable and which were fabrication. all ? none? either room be possible and it ' s a mystery that cannot be work even upon repeated viewings. it ' s safe to say most of us won ' t live such overly striking life as those in " gone with the wind, " but it ' s all the same a masterpiece for it ability to give uracil a sense that we ' ve just experienced a life ' s worth of joy and pain in the ass. 