this sustain been an sinful year for australian films. " shine " has just scooped the pocket billiards at the australian film institute awards, picking up best film, good actor, good director etc. to that we can total the gritty " life " (the anguish, courage and friendship of a group of male prisoners in the hiv - positive section of a jail) and " love and other catastrophes " (a low budget gem about straight and gay love on and close a university campus ). i can ' t recall a year in which such a rich and wide ranging film library represent unleash from australia. " shine " be one bookend. stand by for the other single: " deadened heart ". > from the possible action credits the theme of division make up established. the cast credits consume clear and decided lines separating their 1st and last public figure. bryan | brown. in a desert settlement, century of kilometres from the nearest ithiel town, in that location is an uneasy calm between the local aboriginals and the handful of whitened settlers who live nearby. the local police police officer has the task of impose " white hot man ' s doj " to the aboriginals. these are the great unwashed with a lofty 40, 000 year inheritance behind them. by nature, this includes their own system of rules of jurist; tonality to which is " retribution ". an eye for an eye. retaliation. usually take out by the spearing through of the recipient ' s second joint. brown, as the officer, manages quite an well to prevent the balance. atomic number 2 admits that he has to ' bend the rule ' a spot, including actively encouraging at least one brutal " vengeance ". ( make up warned that this panorama, near the offset, be not for the squeamish ). the local priest - an primordial, just in the " clean chap " church - has a metrical unit on either incline of the line. atomic number 2 be, figuratively and literally, in both bivouac. ernie dingo fetch a great pile of understanding to this function as the gentleman in the middle. he is part churchman and function politician. however the tenseness, similar the heating plant, flies and dust, is always in that respect. whilst her husband - the local teacher - is in christian church, white dame kate (milliken) and her aborginal friend tony, (pedersen) give birth gone off into the alfred hawthorne. he takes her to a consecrated site, yet today stringently men - only. she appears to non know this. tony severalise her that this be a particular place, an initiation place. he then make love to her, fence in by ancient rock art. the community of interests find out about this sacrilegious act and information technology ' s retribution time. the safety fuse be lit and the brittle inter - racial ataraxis is shatter. everyone is affected in the fall knocked out. to suppose more is to open away the item of this finely crafted film. suffice to say it ' s a rewarding experience. bryan brownness, acting and co - farm, embody the pivotal reference. his ship's officer is real, human and therefore flawed. chocolate brown gossip that helium expects audiences to feel warmth towards the man, then suddenly finger angry about him. it wasn ' thyroxine long agone that single shoot the breeze key australia - ayers rock (uluru) and alice springs - for the first time. the broad - screen cinematography shows the dead heart of australia in a agency that captures information technology ' s cruel stunner, just ne'er deteriorate into a moving slideway show, in which the gorgeous background dominates those pesky actors in the foreground. the ethnical clangoring have provided the thesis for many a film; from the westerly to the birdcage. at least three splendid australian motion picture have covered the primal hoi polloi and the line between them and we anglo - saxon ' invader ': " jedda ", " the chant of jimmie blacksmith " and " the last wave ". in a twelvemonth when the race ' debate ' has reared up in commonwealth of australia, it is nurture to fancy such an intelligent, non - judgemental film as " drained center ". the aboriginal non christian priest best center this up. he be postulate to say if he is a " calamitous fella or clean fella ". 