after the pressure screening of " moulin rouge, " iodine stood in the vestibule of the theater listening to the reactions of my friend and colleagues. everyone seemed a act numb, graspable after sit through a battery of often - incongruous sound and images. a pal of mine only said that he get laid the film and could scarcely wait to accept his wife to see it. another enthusiast straightaway began to study the production, while a woman who flat - prohibited hated the movie afford him the grass middle. when one companion quietly posit " i ' ve never really been a fan of musicals, " the statement surprise me because, even though the tale is told nearly completely through song, 1 didn ' t think of it as a musical. there is thus much run on in " moulin rouge " that " musical " appear as well small a term to cover it. " moulin rouge " is the sort of origination that sends critics scamper away to the big bathing tub o ' adjectives in lookup of right words to key out the experience. australian director baz luhrmann, the man behind " strictly ballroom " and " romeo + juliet, " fills the school principal of viewers with unique camerawork, princely imaging and song crop from " the phone of euphony " to " smells like teen flavor. " sumptuous and beautiful, vulgar and overdone, " moulin rogue " traveling through the seem glass while an ethereal stereophony stretch with 50 year worth of tricky tunes operates on the " random " circumstance. ohio, and information technology take a story as well. " it be 1899, the summertime of love. .. " christian (ewan mcgregor) be a penniless young author newly arrived in paris, " to write about truth, beauty, freedom and love, " where he encounters a group of bohemians, led by henri diamond state toulouse - lautrec (john leguizamo ). christian meets satine (nicole kidman ), a doxy from the fabled moulin rogue, and his world transform from black and clean to technicolor. at once fragile and vivacious, the dazzling flushed - haired woman sweep him polish off his feet without even trying. christian like a shot falls in lovemaking with her and satine finds herself smite with him as well, which is rather a hindrance for individual in her profession. working with the bohemian and moulin varlet showman harold zidler (jim broadbent ), christian write an opus modestly appoint " spectacular spectacular. " zidler quickly finds a angel, the loaded duke of monroth (richard roxburgh ), just at that place ' s a catch? the duke also wants the script of the bonnie satine. as if all that isn ' t plenty, satine has a cough, and while a cough in the real world probably indicates a cold, information technology rarely turns knocked out to personify anything that simple in picture land. alike a teeter - totter, " moulin rogue " moves upward and downwards between the ridiculous and the sublime. one of the loveliest moments comes as christine and satine commune outdoors at nox, become part of a contumaciously unrealistic parisian cityscape straight from a holy scripture of fairy tales. together they trip the light fantastic toe, while serenaded by the homo in the moon (alessandro safina provide the vocals ), apparently send from the definitive george m? li? s silent picture show to guard the nocturnal sky. other scene merely dealings in everything - and - the - kitchen - sink overload. the cavorting of toulouse - lautrec and his comrades gets strained at times and some of their overt funniness, accompanied by animated cartoon sound result, represent overly reminiscent of the frenzied farce that sitcoms same " bewitched " beat into the flat coat. of class, sensory overload was exactly what baz luhrmann had in judgement. " we never hear from baz to turn it drink down, " one of the actors told the los angeles times. " it comprise e'er, ' more! to a greater extent! ' " the director still send a note to his cast meter reading, " i dare you to make me say you ' ve run also far. " the melodic numbers game reflect his attitude. one knockout piece, the " elephant love pastiche, " incorporates the beatles ' " all you need is love, " u2 ' atomic number 16 " in the name of love, " dolly parton ' s " ace bequeath always have it away you " and elton john and bernie taupin ' s " your song. " need more than? how about " diamonds are a young lady ' sec best friend " spiced with portion of " stuff girl? " luhrmann ' s cast offer a wide variety of approaches that, together, add upwardly to something messy, but much wonderful. ewan mcgregor is extremely sympathetic as christian, emphasizing the earnestness of the love - struck poet. mcgregor ' s singing voice be robust and adds vigor at simply the ripe moments. once labeled the " ice queen, " nicole kidman melt that characterization with a sizzling, yet tender, carrying out. she manage the songs adroitly, although her part sounds a bit sparse in the upper mountain range. veteran fiber actor jim broadbent is suitably larger than life as ringmaster zidler? wait until you see him execute " like a virgo the virgin. " as the clownlike duke, richard roxburgh proves to be the film ' s weak nexus, although i ' m sure helium be simply comply instructions. i surmise " moulin rogue " leave be unitary of those love - it - beaver state - hatred - it films. while i didn ' t completely love it, i most certainly liked information technology a lot. over the course of a year, i see well complete 300 motion picture, and most of them expect like xerox copy of each other. " moulin rogue " is an original, and an original, yet a blemished one, is a matter to equal care for. 