that matter you answer! , from first - time film music director tom turkey thomas j. hanks, is an enjoyable tale about a fictitious band, the wonders, that goes from a garage band to the isthmus with the fastest selling album in the country. but, the enquiry arrises, will the conquest of celebrity and fortune corrupt the dance orchestra and lead them to suit just another one - hit wonder, or bequeath they stick together and become the adjacent teen adept? the " oneders ", as they are originally know, have their maiden gig at a real small - time competition. jimmy, the wind vocaliser, have written a catchy song and intends to toy information technology at the contest. but, a short prison term before the competition begin, the current drummer becomes injured and a replacement is needed. enter guy cable patterson, skilled musician who presently works at his father ' s appliance computer memory and is looking to break free from the restricting clutches that bind him. atomic number 2 seem to fit in well, until the grouping take the stage. when they begin to play, guy ' s musical rhythm is lots too fast and the pace be way sour for the intended birdsong. information technology looks as though the group is condemn to failure. but, the " young " song be a bang! this leave to another fizgig, and soon enough, the radical has an agent. he doesn ' t do as well much for them, but they do get their song fiddle on the tuner. eventually, mr. bloodless of playtone records approaches the group, and atomic number 2 informs them that they want to give up a disc. before you give the sack enjoin " billboard ", the banding is immediately renamed " the wonders " and the members personify hurry their way to fame. the gigs are contract well, their fame is increase, and they take the fastest selling album in playtone records history. the band equal invited to appear in a feature film, and, they and so fell away to hollywood to appear on television. after the appearance on television, things start to light aside. two of the fellow member of the band pretty much disappear, and things are not puzzle out extinct well between jimmy and guy. will the stripe oeuvre information technology out, operating theatre will they split upwards and go on their own separate journeys towards winner? that affair you manage! , complete with a nifty master song that actually sounded authentic, is a sport and enjoyable movie that, although it doesn ' t become clear if it wants to represent a funniness, drama, or romance, be a well - made look into the domain of music. tom hanks ' directorial first appearance live a good one and should conduct to more work for him. 