a thriller set in modern twenty four hour period seattle, that stigmatise marky mark ' s migration from the " good vibrations " and " calvin klein undie ad " guy cable, to mark wahlberg, thespian - at - large, and a mightily good one at that. plot: son (wahlberg) meets girl (john witherspoon ). boy likes daughter. girl the like boy. boy and girl menachem begin dating. parent of girl aren ' thyroxin crazy about the son. girl steps to boy ' s defense. family problems take place. girlfriend see more about the boy. boy goes fruitcake. fun ensues. critique: ever wonder what would happen if your better half turned out to represent someone other than the mortal that you suffer get to hold dear and love? well, if you ever have, then this moving picture be in spades for you. information technology isn ' t the most original premise in the world, only it is handled middling well hither, and middling quickly for that matter (a speedy 90 minutes ). i recall one of the main reasonableness this film work for maine is the groundbreaking performance by st. mark wahlberg (of boogie night infamy (7. 5 / 10 ). he completely captured all the goodness, and badness, of the principal character of this film, and always kept me want to see more than and more of him (his performance scored him a solid nomination from his effect target audience, as " skilful villain " at the 1997 mtv movie honour ). the soundtrack is also really effectual in this setting, and of course, the slutty performance by alyssa milano embody something we could all coddle in (look for the nice bikini and butt shots. .. if you ' re into that kind of affair, that be: ). 1 didn ' t much tutelage for the don / david relationship which seemed to be a little to a fault plan, just for the most component, i be really into this movie. then again, daddy beloved did make one of the coolest line in the motion picture when his wife is ask him what the " bounteous great deal " was about his daughter dating david. his response: " the big hatful is that the guy rope gives pine tree state the creep, and the girl is my girl. " good item. all in all, the moving picture show kick some fun nates, mindless as it was, and effectively demonstrated every parent ' s uncollectible nightmare. mind you, i still can ' t william tell if reese john witherspoon is skillful looking or a douchebag, merely hey, biography goes on. and on a personal note, we finally decided to supply some taco center onto our nacho fiesta of common, and let pine tree state distinguish you all. .. it was a flaming success!! another house good word by joe schmoe! little known fact: director william james foley was the adult male responsible for the critically acclaimed glengarry glenross (8 / tenner) back in 1992, at close range (7. 5 / 10) in 1986, and even directed an instalment of twin peaks in 1990. mark wahlberg stands pentad " nine, live wear in massachusetts, dropped out of highschool (subsequently got his ged ), and was convicted of several minor felony before starting his career as the lead singer of marky stain and the stinking bunch. his brother is donnie wahlberg of new kids on the block celebrity. he be as well testing the water on the acting front. 