mickey computer mouse had better watch his back - - on that point ' s a new critter in township, and he ' s the nameless carnal attraction of " computer mouse hunt, " dreamworks skg ' s clever first strip into family fare. although it lam out of steam towards its end, this live - action drollery still boasts enough energized slapstick and imaginative set pieces to best disney ' s integral 1997 not - animated, kiddie - orient catalogue. .. only turn over that leaning includes dismal tripe like " air bud, " " flubber " and " that patch cat, " and it ' south really not such a difficult effort to pull off. all the same, thrust the two rodents in a boxing arena, and atomic number 53 ' ll cost hop that the mouse from " shiner hunt " knocks some sense back into mickey. nathan lane (robin williams ' significant other from " the birdcage ") and lee evans (last seen as a nervous bellhop in " the fifth element ") play ernie and lars smuntz, befuddled brothers who have just inherited two unwanted assets from their tardy father (william pimple, in his last role) - - a dilapidated quondam bowed stringed instrument factory and a tumble down previous mansion. although lars made a deathbed promise to upkeep the former, he and ernie decide to sell the latter for bad bucks after larn information technology make up designed by a famous architect. but there ' s a lone obstacle in their way - - a single black eye life within the walls of the house, and he ' s not about to give up his place of hall without a conflict. movies take at immature audiences are seldom this visually exquisite. the outcome blending the talents of 60 - some alive mouse, unrivaled animatronic mouse and unrivalled computer - generated mouse personify pretty seamless. the splendid output blueprint seems to be straight out of tim burton ' s mind; the smuntz ' s architecturally - unfit mansion is like something straight forbidden of " the nightmare before christmas, " and the vortex of bizarre machinery in their manufacturing plant resembles some of vincent price ' s warped contraptions from " edward scissorhands. " " mouse hunt " is a pretty dark moving picture show - - still some of the humour can be dismal - - only it ' southward scarce ever so mean - spirited. the star of the display is neither the top - billed lane nor the nominal mouse. information technology ' s lanky british comedian evans, whose hysterical bodily antics suggest a clean - up jim carrey without the objectionable overkill (note a toned - down but nonetheless outrageous impromptu exotic dancer ); evans ' give and take with the always - affable lane is funny stuff, too, and holds it own against the picture ' s more flashy forcible shtick. vicki lewis (beth from " newsradio ") is solid in a supporting role as lars ' money - mooch wife. and in a nifty bit of novelty casting, christopher walken is a macabre pleasure as a skittish eradicator world health organization take away his job a picayune too badly, pop a dropping into his back talk and noting to his tape recorder that the mouse has a " calcium deficiency. " blech. a essentially one - jape idea - - a black eye outwit a dyad of bumbling man - - exist given a rather engaging execution. their sparring is imaginatively realized (i don ' t think i ' ll ever draw a blank the sight of that tiny little computer mouse making his getaway on a rolling wheel of gouda ), and although you really never fully root for either side, that ' s okay - - a warm - and - fuzzy union between the two parties is much promised from the first frame they share. " shiner hunt " may take a while to get going (the rather lengthy set - up could test the patience of some of the younger children, although single rather liked it, much in part to lane and evans ), and the climactic sequence is allowed to play out for a moment too long, but this appears to be one family moving picture show that most members of the family will be able to find agreeable, non unlike the original " home alone. " 