after hearing recapitulation for woody allen ' s upteenth movie in chronicle, " celebrity, " image from terribly boring to just so - so, my heart lept when the curtain raising images of the film closely resembled that of " manhattan, " my personal ducky from my personal favorite director of all time. woody allen ' s films almost never rely on visual style over textual flair, so when one of his films closely resembles the one clock time that these two entities fit hand - in - hired hand (" manhattan " really is one of the best - looking films i ' ve ever seen, beautiful black and blanched photography of the city ' s good sphere, etc. ), a fan can ' t help but palpate visibly moved. the picture show opens up, with the common credits with plain whitened font ended black backgrounds, and an old ironic standard performing on the soundtrack, but then the screen fills with a gorgeous dull grey sky, with the word " help " being spell with an airplane. beethoven ' s fifth blasts on the soundtrack. the city seems to end to take notice of this here and now, and information technology ' s all kind of lovely to look at. and then we rationalise to a film bunch, tear this as the film ' s uproariously banal key moment in the film, where the lead actress in the film (melanie d. w. griffith, looking as buxom and beautiful as ever) have to realize something ' s wrong with her liveliness or whatever. it ' s a terribly dusty scene for a woody woody allen film, with the great opening shot beaver state without, and my heart sank and i soon got used to the fact that once again, a raw film of his equal not going to be as great as his past works (though, for the record book, last year ' second " deconstructing harry " came awfully close ). what the hell deliver happened to him? the man who once could be relied on for psychoneurotic cheekiness in movie theater suffer not become less funny, but his movie have become less insightful and more like atomic number 2 tossed them together out of unfinished ideas. " bullets over broadway, " though wonderful, relies on caustic remark to pull a farce that just ne'er totally have off. " mighty aphrodite " is more full of great moments and air than a in truth great chronicle. " everyone tell i have intercourse you " was more of a great idea than a swell motion picture show. even " deconstructing harry " is admittingly cheap in a direction, even if it does top as one of his most truly uproarious films. if anything, the response of " celebrity " by everyone should tip off allen turned to the fact that this time, it ' s non the audience and critic world health organization are wrong astir how wonderful his moving picture show is: it ' s him. " famous person " embody, yes, a respectable pic, but it ' s only marginally satisfying as a woody allen film. instead of create the great woody allen world, he ' s created a worldly concern proscribed of a national he knows only a scrap astir. and he ' s forge a picture that equal based well nigh whole on his uninformed philosophy of celebrities, so that information technology plays like a serial of skits with small connections. it ' sulphur same " pelican state dolce vita " without the accuracy, the proper amount of wit, and the right personal crisis. woody, becoming more insecure in his old eld, choses to drop the woody allen character in on the world of celebrities, and then hang him and all his flaws up for scrutiny, and does this by cast not himself but brit player kenneth branagh in the lead. much has been said astir his performance - drained on but irritating, make one yearn for the real thing, claptrap blah bombast - but to anyone who actually knows the woody allen character knows that branagh ' s performance, though featuring some of the like mannerisms (stuttering, whining, lots o ' hand gestures ), is hardly a warts - and - all impersonation. branagh brings along with him little of the woody allen charm, which actually let for his character ' s flaws to be to a greater extent apparent. woody ' s a blemished guy, and we sleep with it, only we love him anyways, because he ' s really funny and really witty and really sound. branagh ' s allen be a bit more flat - out tough, but with the like charm so that, yes, we like him, but we ' re still not certain if he ' s genuinely a honorable person or not. his character, lee simon the canaanite, is first seen on the set of the aforementioned flick, hit on extra actress winona ryder, then goes off to interview griffith, who takes him to her puerility home where he makes a pass at her, and she denies him. .. sorta. we then learn, done flashback, that lee has been suck into try to be a renown thanks to a mid - lifetime crisis and an visual aspect at his high school reunion. he has since quit his job as a travel journalist and get a gossip journalist of sorts, covering movie sets and place where celebrity congregate, thus that he can meet them, and peradventure sell his script (a bank robbery movie " merely with a recondite personal crisis " ). as such, he has split up his married woman of various years (allen regular judy davis ), and continues on a seeking for intimate happiness, boucing from girlfriend to girlfriend and toss away to fling over the course of the picture. after d. w. griffith comes his dangerous undertaking with a model (charlize theron) who is " polymorphously perverse " (glad to see allen is using new jokes, ha ha ), who takes him for a wild ride non different from that of the anita ekberg segment of " lah dolce vita. " take after are his safe kinship with wise working woman famke janssen, a relationship that almost assures him success, and his continued escapade with ryder, whom he fancies most of all. his story is juxtaposed with that of davis, who flips out, but stumbles onto happiness when she runs into a handsome, well disposed boob tube white house (joe mantegna) who lands her a problem that furthers her calling to national status. while lee is fumbling some, selfishly trying to ensure his own felicity, dwight davis becomes happy (" i ' ve become the variety of cleaning lady i ' ve always hate. .. and i ' thou loving information technology. " ) without execute a thing. the answer exist a film of high and mediums. the mediums are what conduct upwards most of the motion picture, with sitations and scene which don ' t exactly work simply you can ' t help but pat allen on the binding for trying. but other places be really great fit. the porta. the sequence with theron, which is so well that single wish information technology hadn ' t ended. a banana scene with bebe neuwirth (droll as ever ). and, perhaps the best sequence: a shoo in with hot - as - inferno teen god, brandon darrow, played by none other than leo dicaprio, who is so un - dicaprio - esque that if any of this fans could sit through this film, they ' d never await at him the same way. he ignites the screen with intensity, and spares goose egg in showing his lineament as narcissistically tyrannical, and totally heartbreaking for gypsy rose lee, who comes to him to talk about his script that he has read, and finds himself on a wild all - day ride with him. they go to atlantic metropolis to watch a fight, they gamble, and they wreathe up in his hotel room, where clarence seward darrow gets it on with his flame (gretchen gram molecule) and he lends him one of the leftover groupie. allen ' s writing in these scenes are so good that just now for them, single ' five hundred near recommend the motion picture. well nigh. but what i really liked about this film is despite the fact that it ' s a mickle, despite the fact that what this film really needs live a good old fashioned revision by allen himself, information technology ' entropy still a smart and insightful film. though some of the jokes are either stale or misplaced (some seem overly cartoonish, even for this environment ), allen still manages to get across that this film is not exactly astir celebrities, as it may seem to personify (if information technology were, it ' d make up extremely out - of - touch ), but about those who want to be celebrities, and how they equate celebrity - hood with happiness. we ne'er get close plenty to the real celebrities to come across if they ' rhenium really happy (they may appear to be on the open. .. ), but we do get close enough to lee and davis ' character. lee be haunt with the phenomenon, while davis call for is at subdivision ' s distance, and never gets too involved in what it is, and soon becomes one herself. besides, it ' s witty, and it coiffure have the one thing that no early film has but allen ' s: that expectant woody allen look. it may be not on the dot refreshful and lively beaver state totally brilliant in its depiction of its guinea pig, and yes, as a part of woody allen ' s oeuvre, information technology ' s merely a blip (no " annie hall " but it ' s no " shadows and fog " either ), but it goes to prove that no unity can make a film like him, and only he and maybe godard could possibly accept a totally horrible metaphor, like the one in the get go, and make it work not once but double. 