in the viewing of the smash success of " gang fight in the bronx, " it ' s looking more and to a greater extent likely that more jackie chan films will see american passing. rumor throw it that one of these films volition be drunken master deuce. the version one get is a copy from the laserdisc; it ' s widescreen and bilingually - subtitled, as be virtually hong kong films these days. availability over here in the united states is rattling limited; these films mustiness either represent purchased via buccaneer or seek out from asiatic distributor such as siamese seng. the subtitling on the copy i make is slimly hard to read; the letters be clean and a chip small. although the american release will about certainly be dubbed, this review is of the subtitled version, so please keep that in idea if you ' re reading this recap to assist you decide whether to live out and see it. to live bonny, ane mustiness admit that i ' ve never been very fond of " period - piece " martial arts film - - the i set in some nebulous china of the distant or non and so distant past. perhaps it ' s because most of those i ' ve seen were film on inferior stock, with either butchered dubbing or all - merely - illegible subtitling, surgery perhaps it ' s because their plots all incline to exist very similar to each other and, in many cases, all merely nonexistant. in fact, many of them catch so wrapped up in their subplots that they seem to leave their main plot of land entirely until solely a few arcminute before the end. surgery, for that matter, it mightiness be because the jackie chan films with more than modern settings (armour of god, rumble in the bronx, etc.) tend to have more spectacular stunts, often involving large motor vehicle and large explosions, whereas period pieces simply have the warlike arts. having said that, i must now turn correct around and say that drunken master ii is a remarkable exclusion to all or most of the above, is unrivalled of the better soldierly arts films i ' ve seen, and i quite an enjoyed it. surprise? intimately, so was i. drunken skipper ii is about a new man named wong fei - hong (play by jackie chan) who is a master of the drunken fisticuffs panache of kung fu. where he learned this panache is uncertain, as his father, wong kei - ying (ti lung) cost steadfast in his opposition to fei - hong ' s do it rather than some to a greater extent normal stylus of kung fu. apparently, fei - hong is some variety of figure from chinese folklore, rather like paul bunyan be for americans, but i ' ve heard really little about this, and could quite an good be wrong, so i ' ll leave analysis of that to the people who lie with it good. one of my friends level proscribed that the fictitious character of wong fei - hong is also featured in the " once upon a time in taiwan " film, simply i have not hitherto seen those. the plot of drunken skipper ii constitute somewhat hazy, as are the plots to many such films, but if you ' re watching a jackie chan pic, betting odds are you aren ' tetraiodothyronine expecting something on the order of " war and pacification ". the story seem to revolve around those evil foreigners who are inspirit off ancient chinese relic (and therefore, china ' s cultural heritage) while overworking, underpaying, and scramble up chinese workers in a nearby brand grinder. yet, this plot merely serves as a framework for the other main story of the film - - fei - hong ' s perpetual struggle to win his girl, supplicate his father, keep his (pregnant) mother (play by anita mui) from fighting, and keep from begin stupefy upwards by evil foreigner thugs. the macguffin that drives the plot (s) is a cute antique jade imperial seal which be being taken off by the malefic foreigners. in the beginning, fei - hong unintentionally steal it while try to recover an identically - wrapped box check the medicinal ginseng his male parent was contribute back for a customer. in the process, atomic number 2 clashes with another thief, who be himself trying for the sealskin but terminate up instead with the panax ginseng. after fei - hong narrowly avoids get catch with the seal by the malign foreigners ' lackies, thanks to some timely intervention by a general ' s son (a cameo appearance by andy lau, who would later take on the starring role in drunken master iii! ), comedic chaos ensues back at the wong household when fei - hong and his mother attempt to come up with a replacement for the missing ginseng. and so it go. and the plot thickens later on, such as when fei - hong ' s girl maneuvers him into a kung fu match with a rival, or when fei - hong and the thief, now revealed to comprise a loyalist manchu military officer trying to recover the seal and stop the evil foreigners, are snipe en masse (another grand kung - fu motion picture show tradition ), but 1 think i ' ve already spent more time on the plot than it really deserves. lashkar e toiba ' s move on to the existent standoff of jackie chan movies. .. the action mechanism. there ' s hatful of martial arts action to equal found in this movie. .. of course, in a kung fu film, that ' randomness to be expected. yet, this international relations and security network ' liothyronine only another kung fu movie; this ace has jackie chan doing the fight and stunt choreography, and jackie chan is a genius. the elemental soldierly arts " style " featured in the flick constitute drunken boxing, a form of kung fu which assay to draw the adversary off his guard duty by making it look like the fellow using it is intoxicated. far, for the intent of this film at least, drunken boxers fight in force when they actually _are_ inebriated. .. simply there ' s a okay line between merely drunk enough and drunk into a stupor. under normal portion, the idea of someone staggering around looking slosh around only do to struggle effectively and yet incredibly might seem rather stupid, but jackie pulls it off with flair. the kung fu sequences cost so intricate in their staging and execution that it is pointless to try to describe information technology on paper, so i ' ll hardly pronounce that the fighting - - peculiarly the big climactic engagement at the end - - in themselves take the movie worth watching. another thing drunken captain two has going for information technology live the stunt work. even without motor vehicles (well, not enumerate a train ), in that respect equal some remarkable stunts in this celluloid. among other things, jackie diving off a balcony into a table and crawls across hot coals (not once, but at _least_ doubly, if you count the outtake show up during the recognition ). ( quicktime moving picture of these stunt displace be found through the www movie database. ) different in american film, these stunts are _not_ bull. drunken passe partout ii stars various veteran actors of the hong kong movie vista, admit jackie, atomic number 22 lung (" a better tomorrow " 1 & two ), and anita mui (the " heroic trio " series, " grumbling in the bronx " ). the performances are first - rate, particularly when it comes to the drollery parts of the plastic film. the scene where fei - hong and his female parent conspire literally behind fei - hong ' s father ' mho back to cover up for the missing ginseng beginning is hilarious, as is the scene where fei - hong ' s mother, having just revealed that she is meaning, is menace to hurt herself (in order to draw her husband ' s anger away from fei - hong ). jackie has developed his hang for strong arm comedy into a sort of mastery over the years, and he ' s in o.k. class all through drunken master ii. as far as filming is concerned, information technology for certain works for this film. it ' s nothing striking, simply is at least a twelve times good than all those old kung fu movies of the seventy. the movie comprise crisp and clear. one matter i find particularly worthy of credit be that, at least in the copy i have, the screen was wider than any celluloid iodine ' ve ever take care on videotape before - - almost a whole 1 / 3 of the screen was block out above and below. ( see this on a bigscreen tv or movie dramatic art if you can. ) information technology will be an utter disgrace if this cinema is eventually pan - and - scan for american video acquittance. drunken master 2 shows the good potential of " period composition " kung fu movies, and it ' s good enough to sweep over yet my usual antipathy for such movies. the game does wind a bit, but that ' s to live expected in this case of film. if you like this form of movie, you ' ll love this motion picture, and if not, comfortably, yield it a chance in any case. if nothing else, the martial artistry and stunt sequences are by themselves worth the price of admission or rental. 