john sayles ' " humankind with accelerator pedal " is astir what happens to a society when brute force and constant terror of fierceness equal the only means of gaining and maintaining power. the flick takes station in an unnamed fundamental american area, where the men with guns are the rulers. most of the country be divided into flyspeck segments - some are controlled by guerrilla with guns, some are controlled by us army soldiers with guns, and altogether the spaces in - between embody controlled by stealer, bandits, and terrorist. all people non fitting one of those verbal description are defined only by their powerlessness. however, comparable so many central american land, this one also features modernness. there is an unnamed capital city that bears all the hallmarks of contemporary civilization: skyscraper, hospitals, televisions, highways, etc. simply, it might as well be in another country because those who live in the comforts of the city have either settle to ignore the violence harry the rest of the commonwealth, or else they are plainly ignorant of it. the film ' s primary character, dr. carlos fuentes (federico luppi) falls into the latter category. one of his patients, an ground forces full general, describes him as the most educated serviceman he has ever encounter, and also the virtually primitive. carlos fuentes is a true progressive, a caring piece who thinks he can cure the ills of his rural area by struggle bacterium and ignorance among the indigenous indians. with regime assistance, he has trail a magnanimous group of eager vernal medical scholar and sent them into the rainforest to cure and educate. this program was to be his bequest, and he repeats over and concluded that it was a ripe theme. however, when he ventures into that like rain forest to visit his prot? g? southward, he find that things have not turned stunned as atomic number 2 has envision. as he locomote deeper into the forest, going from village to village, the story is constantly the like: the doctors were all killed by either the guerrillas operating theatre the army soldiers, usually for helping the other. when dr. fuentes asks a greenwich village woman why the army killed one of the doctors, she replies merely, " because they give gun, and we didn ' t. " rational science and all its effort to cure have be wiped out by the men with gun, because others ' malady and ignorance help them maintain power. dr. carlos fuentes picks up respective companions during his journey, all of whom are characterized by their loss. first off, there is a young male child list conejo (dan rivera gonz? lez ), world health organization has neither a female parent nor a don. next, fuentes crosses path with a stealer identify domingo (dami? n delgado ), who defect the united states army because he make up tired of being jeered into committing murderous barbarity. through his ordeal in the army, placido domingo has lost most of his self - obedience, and defines himself just by his shooting iron. along the way, the group likewise picks upward padre portillo (dami? n alc? zar ), a non christian priest who give miss his faith. as domingo is break away from the army, so is portillo - helium make been tag a guerrilla sympathiser, and run off from the village in which he was preaching. last, the group takes on a mute girl name graciela (tania cruz ), who hasn ' t spoken since she was raped ii twelvemonth in the first place, her innocence and even her will to live forcefully choose from her. sayles two major strengths as a managing director - fictitious character and jell - are abundantly evident in " men with guns. " ( like many of his films, sayles mightiness take in tightened this one somewhat in the editing room, but a longer - than - necessary running clock time is a sin nigh always committed when the director be too the editor. ) he make fascinating, complex characters, specially dr. carlos fuentes and domingo. their uneasy relationship is also somewhat humorous in context of the film ' due south overarch theme of ferocity as power - domingo ' s attempts to control fuentes with his six shooter be always undermined by fuentes ' belief that the revolver comprise unloaded (at first it is, but after is isn ' t ). the mount is also as thick with detail as the rainforest itself. sayles do it how to bring a localization to life, whether information technology embody an early twentieth - century coal mine townspeople in " matewan " (1987) or a contemporary texas / mexico bordertown in " lone star " (1996 ). sayles be not a particularly imaginative director - atomic number 2 likes to let his actors do most of the body of work - but he and cinematographer slavomir idziak (" gattaca ") successfully evoke both the beauty and the danger of the key american terrain. sayles also maintains a strong signified of legitimacy by filming everything on location in mexico, using all latin american worker, and have all the dialogue talk in either spanish or aboriginal indian dialects. the one exception is a couple of bumbling american tourists world health organization work not only as comic relief, merely as evidence of just how clueless the united department of state make up about what is going on a few hundred miles to the south of the lone star state border. it would not be a stretch to say that " serviceman with guns " be a depressing celluloid. in fact, the two feeling information technology evokes most be hopelessness and failure. in addition to loss, the independent characters be also failures at something, whether that represent dr. fuentes failure to change anything through music, or padre portillo ' s inability to stand up and be the martyr he always dreamed of being. nevertheless, it is black textile sayles has choose, and he deals with information technology accordingly. the last shot of the film does declare oneself a confidential information of hope, still in a existence where, as one fibre commit it, " nobody refuses the man with guns. " 