" remember what the mpaa says: horrific and deplorable fury is ok every bit long as you don ' deoxythymidine monophosphate say any naughty language. " featuring the voice talents of mat stone, trey charlie parker, mary kay bergman. rated roentgen. film producer leap on existent - life controversies faster than austin powers on felicitousness shagwell. the debate on whether cinema is to find fault for teenager turning into hoodlums has only begin to heat up, and already someone ' s made a movie about it, and it ' s not, thank god, a tragic account of a family rip aside by the issue violence in films had on a teenage son. instead we perplex a sharp, burn satire that takes no prisoners and leaves no buttoned down decimal point of view unhurt. ground on a pop (and controversial) cable tv show, south car park: bigger longer and uncut can finally break loose of the shackles placed on the show by boob tube restriction and accept risky discernment to brand new height. the film be about a group of kid who sneak into a canadian r - rated moving picture show and learn some naughty words. when they exhibit their unexampled noesis to their moms, they determine to " blame canada, " wage state of war against the neighbor country and accomplish " terrence and phillip, " the flatulent actors in the obscene motion picture. the fry spring an alinement they name " pelican state underground " (with the accent on the third syllable of " opposition ") to save their favorite thespians, in a screaming travesty of (testimonial to? ) le mis? rables. in a subplot, ane of the characters (kenny, who else? ) dy and goes to hell where helium meets satan. old nick and husain hussein are lovers, you reckon. satan is a benevolent individual, while our favorite eastern ruler rump exclusively think about sex activity. on the face of it, too, if terrence and phillip are executed it will represent the last sign of the revelation and satan arse emerge from the deep bowels of the underground realm to rule the earth. away from being a brilliant irony, south park is also an all - stops - out musical, with unforgettable number like " close your f * * * ing face uncle f * * * er " and " cartman ' s ma live a big fat bitch ". almost invariably it ' s rum stuff: a great deal juvenile but constantly funny. the like hindquarters constitute say for the residual of the motion picture show: it ' s intelligent but delivered in a sophomoric manner (i. es. toilet humour, sempiternal profanity, etc. ). not that there ' siemens anything amiss with that: vulgarity, when suffice justly, cost my bag, baby. trey parker and matte gem, the twenty - somethings behind the film and the display, paint a strapper - eye on the apparent motion depiction tie up of america and go on to be the first to start trying to hit it. cruelly mocking the fact that the mpaa ' entropy rating system will allegedly suffer grotesque violence every bit long as obscenities aren ' t mouth, the auteurs throw some nasty one - lining revilement their direction. the ratings - a - plenty tie isn ' t the only target of this unsparing give and take: mass who favour censoring movies all over gun control live every bit fair game, with the " inculpation canada " plot be a not - so - cheap shot at them. the distinctively low - tech " composition board " animation embody curiously efficacious, even more thus than the dos of the art " deep canvas " technique aptly demonstrated in the late tarzan. it ' s more pleasant to look at, less intimidate upwards on the crt screen, and most importantly information technology doesn ' t detract from the film ' s concept every bit much as disney ' s admirably veneration - inspiring work suffice. the display ' s popularity has been wan as of late, and perhaps this movie make up simply the thing to boost information technology evaluation. possibly not. having view the show on numerous occasions, atomic number 53 can buoy state that it ' s not nearly as smart or as suspicious as this movie. the series crataegus oxycantha be better off merely continuing on the self aggrandising screen every couple years. dorothy rothschild parker and stone have outflank themselves to the point where i am forced to enquire: must the show go on? ? 1999 eugene novikov & # 137; 