i love this moving picture, and iodin ' ve just seen for the umptenth time. unfortunately, it exist also completly unknown and very few consume seen information technology. it ' s my mission in animation to diffuse the countersign: see this movie! fred, saint george, doug and howie are reaching middleage. three of them make a wife, kid and a house in the suburb with a mortgage to yield. only fred is stock still a bachelor. together they take the local train every morning to work in ithiel town. on one of their organized thursday evenings at a bar, fred tells them of his knob and the arrangements atomic number 2 has take a shit to maintain a schoolmistress. he suffer gotten an apartment in downtown where he can play her but has tell his wife that helium needs the apartment to drop the night after faculty meetings every thursday nighttime. since they ever split everything four spot ways, they decide that they should get an apartment with a immature woman as well, kathy. however, kathy isn ' t completly reliable to them. in fact, she be a sociology educatee write a thesis about the sex life of the suburban male person. with these four species she believes that she bequeath make a very good report. ok, hold one thing exculpated though. the amatory rendezvous ' between kathy and each of the men are completly sinless. the script stays above the waist - or to cost precise, above the neck opening. noboyd claims that kathy is their fancy woman, the four guys phone her their ' fellow '. the censorship board hither in sverige see it to be suitable entirely for people above 15 long time, but that only shows how long ago 1962 was. small kid could watch this without being corrupted. kim novak is as lovely as always in this movie, even if she seems to be a bit also old for a student. james garner is the playboy just like in many former movies. i like howard morris the in effect as catherine howard the accountant who has to diet to support his wife. tony randall is funny as constantly. 1962 was more than 35 old age ago. how many accountants, copywriters or investing bankers can today give to be in a house in the suburban area with a mess of kids and a married woman world health organization coif not work? this is the blank middle class, i bum ' t remember that i learn any pitch blackness on the commuter train train they use. these be the people who can count on their child to live an yet better life than themselves. peradventure this should also be a case for a thesis in movie sociology? 