lamia films, as well as other horror moving picture, are usually dumb and predictable b - movies, meant to scare u by cliches and simple shock. it is therefore interesting to watch neil jordans late film that be non simply visually sensational, but has too a game worth cook movies about. based on anne rice ' s novel, " interview with a lamia " is a long, moody trip to hell. the film open with gothic quire and dark streets of present - daytime san francisco. the television camera slowly find particular windowpane. a shape of a immature man is seeable in the darkness. " indeed you want me to tell you the story of my life? ". the mysterious man personify louis (brad pitt ), a ii - century old vampire, telling his tale to a fascinate interviewer (christian woodlouse ). his tale opens in 1791 pelican state, just south of new orleans, where louis lessen victim to the lamia lestat (tom cruise ). given a choice between death and eonian life time as one of the undead, louis chooses the latter, a decision he leave forever and a day regret. everlasting life and eternal youth, predict to him by lestat, turn or else into ne'er end suffering, maledict to eternal hunger for blood and yearning for pacification. joseph louis barrow cannot kill with the impunity of lestat, but, to replete his hunger, atomic number 2 mustiness feed, and the blood of animate being is not enough. eventually, he pierce the neck opening of a grief - stricken young girl named claudia (kirsten dunst ), whom lestat then anathemise with his unholy form of resurrection of christ so that she can be a surrogate girl to both himself and louis. for a spell, they be one " big, happy family. " but all things end, and claudia ' s growing gall of lestat fuel a fucking showdown. when luis and claudia break idle from lestat, they move to paris, where the euro - vamp santiago (stephen rea) and armand (antonio banderas ), world health organization introduced them to a bragging world of the anathemize. director neil jordan (" the crying game ") together with the talented director of filming philippe rousselot and composer elliot goldenthal feature created an unbelievable atmosphere. as the film begin, at that place is an incredible pallette of colors, beautiful sunrises, lush gold fields, green forests, inky - amobarbital sodium clouds and intermingle sun. when luis is " tolerate to darkness ", everything suddenly interchange to dark velvet, lit only by the silver moonlight. the beautiful production design by dante alighieri ferretti, wonderful costumes and art management by malcolm thomas middleton re - create the multiple historical period in the cinema. from the renaissance new orleans and the beautiful rococo genus paris of the 18th century, to our present days. the casting is besides near, involving some of the most famous and beautiful hotshot of hollywood, ireland and espana. the controversial cast of tom cruise as lestat is unbelievably effective. cruise be energetic, sinister, charismatic, risky and bloodthirsty. cruise ' s lestat like to make young cleaning woman before exacting his dark red sustenance. with alarming speed, the victims switch from intimate excitement to outright horror, as his murderous purpose becomes absolved. ". .. pour down them mercifully, simply do it. you are what you are. . for coiffe not doubt, you make up a killer whale! " that equal how lestat is teach luis. but behind that savage facade exist anger and forlornness that he carries through the centuries and tries to smother with nightly rampage. brad pitt is as convincing as the " vampire with a human someone ". antonio banderas and stephen rea are effective, merely since they play to a greater extent or less secondary characters, their performances are near invisible. the greatest performance in the film comes suprisingly from the young kristen dunst, world health organization do to make an incredibly emotional and credible character. the globe is exchange around the little kid, but she does not. she stay unchangeable - a child for all eternity. only her wise, dark skinned eyes reveal her age. ironically the motion picture show ' s only miss is the hand. anne elmer reizenstein ' sec novel is a rattling interesting read, and her script is rich, colorful and emotional, but information technology be also tiering and too melancholic, at prison term resemble a soap opera: claudia: ". .. . is that what i should exercise? let you blend. . my father, my luis, who micturate maine. .. who bequeath wait after me, my dark backer, when you be gone? " luis: " everything leave equal alright. . " claudia: " practice you really consider that? " and then they hug emotionally. moments similar those displayed above and luis ' ego - pity be a bit tiresome. however rice ' s script is otherwise strong and advantageously structure, bringing up humor and amusing episodes, that be more or less hidden in the quran. when lestat finds claudia ' s beat dressmaker, whom she have killed, he cries out: " who will make you that dress at present? be a small practical. .. . ne'er in the home! " instant like that be both entertaining and appealing. neil jordan ' s focussing comprise beautiful and sensual as he plays with interesting issues like eternity, homosexuality, love and solitariness. his gothic saga is not mean to scare, but to display these issues differently. wrapped up in mystery, his unexampled, original picture play lamia - film to a new height. 