it is an understood passion and an silent calmness. bud white walks into the plate of lynn bracken, a cyprian " cut to look comparable veronica lake. " atomic number 2 ' s one of fifty. a. ' s finest enquire the slaying of fellow cop, and matchless of the leads takes him to her family. it ' s understood that he be tranquil nose drops, a guy who ' s calm voice is to a greater extent muscular than his arms. it ' s understood that she ' s suppose to be beautiful, merely underneath her case is pain and scraped out line that say her life time could have follow so much more. you know without having to be told. " you ' re the first guy who hasn ' mt told pine tree state ane look like veronicca lake in nether a moment, " she enounce. " you look x time better. " he says it without think. same he sleep with without her make to say anything. livid ' s face doesn ' t turn, information technology doesn ' t rosiness. you see his eye, and you conceive him. it ' s a perfect moment in a penny pinching utter movie. l. a. confidential constitute the best pic of the year. it is grace and poetry; a richly layer piece of work of pure amusement. information technology is a portrait of police and morality as it forge it ' s style through characters that be so real on blind that you believe that they power have a someone. in a phrase, it is everything. it is peculiar, it be excite, accept enough action and adventure and mystery and thanksgiving and suspense. it be the pinnacle of a movie, a perfect study, a flawless film. it ' s hard to tell you about the plot, because information technology ' s astir so very much more than plot. besides, there ' s excessively much to trace. sure, information technology ' s about constabulary and searching for corruption and who fights for the ripe reasons and the definition of justice. but information technology ' s too about what you feel when you appear into the eyes of the quality in the photographic film. theater director william curtis hanson has perfectly framed each character, let you see into them, rooting for them one moment, doubt them the next. the actors work with their agate line, but in this movie their most important weapon is their eyes. you can tell what each person is feel hardly by depend into their eyes for ace moment. russell crowe manoeuvre bud white, a muscle cop with a beef for wife beater. his movements are fierce. when he strikes, you jump, when atomic number 2 ' s calm, you know information technology won ' triiodothyronine be for long. his intensity oozes ko'd of the sieve. you take after his character through the moving picture afraid of him, simply in sympathy of him, because you know how good his heart is. atomic number 2 ' s count for a way to solve crimes, you ' re just ne'er sure how helium ' s going to do it. his counter is ed exley, played with a chisselled face by bozo pierce. you palpate for him, for his case, because of all the cops in the movie he ' s the one that ' due south really trying to do the correct thing by conk by the book. you sleep with that he moldiness face the world of break away the book, and you love the way he gets there. 1 ' ve seen liter. a secret twice, immediately after information technology be terminated, i wanted to hit the rewind release and watch it again. i didn ' t desire the dramatic art experience to end. information technology ' s been a retentive time since i actually experience a movie, feel like i find something after unity walk out. that ' s why ace love movies; the dandy ones can be too ample and potent to report. picket cubic decimeter. a. confidential: after you leave the theater, you feel like you just watched a classic pic. that ' s why la secret stands as the best picture show of the year. litre. a. confidential (directed by william curtis hanson. starring russell crowe, guy pierce, kevin spacey, st. james the apostle cromwell, and kim basinger. 