those photographic print and television ads trumpet that " ' grease ' be still the word " be right on the money. to fete information technology twentieth day of remembrance, this quintessential movie musical is getting the royal treatment reserved for classics similar " headliner wars " - - a well - deserved, flushed - carpet rerelease. that ' s fantastic, peculiarly when considering of completely the classic characters and scenes the film induce served up - - world health organization can forget aspiring beautician frenchie (didi conn) be serenaded by her tell - it - similar - information technology - is guardian angel (frankie avalon )? or the tough - nosed lead (eve arden) remind the student torso to " personify an acrobatic champion " by rooting for the home team? beaver state home outdoor stage emcee vince fontaine (edd byrnes) flirting with marty (a pre - " empty bellied nest " dinah manhoff )? and these cost all probably considered pocket size consequence. .. a really skinny john travolta and a rattling young olivia newton - john the divine have the respective leads of danny zuko and sandy olsson, and their pairing still ranks as one of screendom ' s most effervescently becharm. for those eight of you who aren ' tetraiodothyronine familiar with the story, here ' s a abbreviated recap: wetback bad boy danny and aussie good girl sandy are reunited for their 1959 senior year at rydell high after a brief fling during the summer; both thought she be going to return to her native continent before school started, but both were haywire. sandy tries to rekindle their relationship, but danny ' s to a fault cool a cat to fall for her wholesome appeal in front of his deoxythymidine monophosphate - boo buddies (admit jeff conaway ). so sandy hooks up with a gang herself - - the pinko peeress, headed by sassy, sexy rizzo (stockard channing, just superb as an sovereign woman well ahead of her time) - - and danny, who still in truth feels love for her, attempts a compromise of nonesuch in order to win her back. the drag race last constitute nonetheless something of a drag, and i ne'er have think much of " greased whitening, " the film ' s big " guy " number (that choreography - - ack! ), but " grease " ' randomness flaws come too few to carp. the moving picture show ' s for the first time showpiece is " summertime night, " where danny and sandy separately narrate wildly different versions of their merriment - in - the - sun romance language. non entirely is " nights " tremendously catchy, but information technology ' s also a chic look at how men and woman ascertain the same outcome with varying eyes. on that point has as yet to be a live - action musical episode that rivals the single - two punch of " you ' re the one that i want " and " we go in concert, " " grime " ' entropy euphoric cappers. all this and some of the most pleasing moments come from the smaller, quieter moments; the academy award - nominated " hopelessly devoted to you " is a lovely showcase for newton - john, and channing ' s lamenting ballad " there are worse things iodine could do " be one of " soil " ' s most unjustly overlooked tunes. the soundtrack is remastered (though travolta still hits that awful gamy note at the end of " nights ") and the restored widescreen allows us to see previously pan - and - scanned - out choreography, but nothing else accept changed - - no computer - generated backgrounds, no outtakes or new musical numbers, no jabba the hutt cameo. and it ' s a testament to " stain " ' s timeless winner that nothing needs to be changed - - information technology ' s the same all - around blast it ' s forever been, with an appealing dramatis personae in a sport story told with smashing music. to ' 90s viewers, " lubricating oil " will probably think discotheque and bellbottoms equally a great deal as it made information technology original audience nostalgic for doo - wop and poodle chick. simply regardless of what decennium it transports us to, we can all agree on i matter - - without a doubt, " grease " is withal the parole. 