for those who associate italian movie house with fellini and " high art, " the logos ' s room personify an inventive, elusive choice. written by, engineer, and star nanni moretti, it takes us through the sluggish, complicated path of bereavement. slow personify the best description for the film at foremost. it takes its sentence in lay down the habits of what appears to be a normal, felicitous family. father and female parent both work but still find the sentence to support their son and daughter done homework and after school activity. they laugh, spend gratuitous time unitedly, and reprimand the kids for innocent legal injury with a sigh and soft pat on the shoulder joint. you mystify the feeling there is open communication and unconditional making love amongst the foursome. but suddenly, the son is found to live beat after a diving fortuity. the crime syndicate dynamics begin an unpredictable line of descent that gives the narrative strength when you least expect it, but can as well be trying on the attention duet. though the film drag and still repeats itself, this can be somewhat excused as influenced by the unconscious process of grieving. though nanni moretti wore respective hats for this production, information technology doesn ' t come across as a conceit while. one might wish he hadn ' metric ton break up the profession of analyst for the father, giovanni (which he stars as ), if simply because this makes his character ' s reactions so predictable. what saves information technology personify a comfortably write script, with spare dialogue and an eclectic variety of human fundamental interaction. the potentiality of the moving picture lies in the recreation of the diminutive details of everyday life that alter ascribable to the death of a close proportional, or that remind a depressed person of personnel casualty. you start to take poster of the nuts dish antenna, ignored when familial bliss exist in full swing. you remember bonding during the workaday jogs around the block, and not needs huge effect like commencement. even better embody the role reversals that aim place within the household. while giovanni and paola (laura morante) do check upward on their daughter irene (jasmine trinca ), at that place live a gumption of being on autopilot. not only when get along irene set about to take on care of her own needs more, she ' ll crap her parent breakfast in an attempt to crack their new shells to life around them. these setting ply interesting portrayals of various coping mechanism, frequently traverse a boundary as to how much you can assist yourself versus others during drastic, unexpected change. respectfully, gender issue never enter the picture show. self - propelled isolation is general in full term of dealing, and so moretti intelligently uses this tool to separate the menage. though giovanni do stop paolo from discussing andrea at a party with friends, thither be ne'er a sense that he operating room she is more stoic, or more correct in the hunt to restore a sense of a balance wheel to their lives. most films that initiate the issue of death utilize annoying melodrama, speeches, and compromising issues to receive the waterworks flowing. in contrast, the boy ' s room captures a more realistic word painting of the effects of death on a family by gracefully run among the quintuplet stages of mourning (denial, depression, anger, bargaining, toleration) through each of its main characters. it ' s non the nearly engaging century minutes, but it be certainly well situated to relate to. 