not also many people screw world health organization james whale is, but it ' s a secure wager that a good chunk of them have examine his picture. if we are to believe the semi - biographical gods and monsters, whale would have need information technology to constitute that direction. this is an insightful, haunting exploration of the lowest clarence shepard day jr. of the frankenstein and saint bride of frankenstein director, and it be notable for innovate one of the foremost complicated gay characters in a hollywood movie. gods and devil have no interest in being a biopic of whale ' s life because it go after only the net few days of his life history, and it ' s probably a skillful film for information technology. it ' s centering be on heavyweight ' s (ian mckellen) untraditional and shoddy lust for heterosexual gardener clayton boone (brendan fraser ). it begins with whale (a clean talented artist, aside from being a director) ask boone to " sit for him, " (gravel for a portrayal ). at world class, boone doesn ' t realize that whale is jocund and grows fascinated with the old man. when helium does notice whale ' s sexual preference from his dedicated and protective maid (lynn redgrave ), helium cost frightened, refusing to sit for the guy rope. simply helium comes back, only to storm out again, disgust with heavyweight ' s " cabinet room public lecture. " boone rejoinder yet another clock time, after whale promises to tone down the aforementioned " cabinet way talk, " and finds their platonic relationship to be strengthening. meantime, jimmy himself is suffering from hallucinations and mental onrush as a outcome of his stroke not long ago. his ailment leads to desperation and clinical depression, which work up to the point where he is forced to ask boone for an disbelievingly large favor. what is perhaps nigh sensational about gods and monsters exist brendan fraser ' s bravura performance; up until seeing this film iodin intensely disliked the young actor because of his tendency to ruin the movies he be in (blast from the past, for example ). i was surprised how expressive an actor he prove himself to personify here. this is telling because his fibre ' s dialogue is minimal, with mckellan doing most of the talking. that require fraser to act through body language; a difficult skill to master, but something he proves capable of cause good. this be non to ignore mckellan ' s oscar nominated turn. he earned that nomination with his touch performance here (although, at the risk of voice like a philistine, atomic number 53 would have chosen his carrying into action as the nazi in apt student for the nomination ); an unostentatious, compelling gem. whale fear being remembered solely for his employment in the hollywood horror musical genre, and he recollect hollywood to be the equivalent of a battlefield. he rejoiced in being free from information technology, only when reluctantly going to reception with fellow movie people. in the end, perhaps, information technology be what belt down him: the memories of hollywood and war blending together to form a bread and butter nightmare. ? 1999 eugene novikov & # 137; 