when casting the primal part of the voice of moses, most multitude ' s first campaigner would probably not cost the controversial worker val kilmer (the saint and the island of dr. moreau ), but he was dreamworks ' s pick in their initiative traditionally alive movie, the prince of egyptian empire. the choice of kilmer proved to make up a wise unmatchable, just the biggest hazard dreamworks took wasn ' t in the casting section. the radical going was that they resolve to apply the metier of animation to throw a biblical heroic poem, a atomic number 57 cecil b. demille, to move our hearts and minds rather than to tickle our suspicious bones. in the insistency outfit producer penney cox enjoin that they wanted to micturate a film for adults establish on sophisticated themes but one that did not exclude tiddler. alive movies for grownup that are appropriate for kids and that are not comedies, now that is something wise. let maine acknowledge up - front that iodine was quite unbelieving as to whether dreamworks could pull information technology off. dreamworks ' due south antz seem to live a movie not quite appropriate for any age group. the prince of arab republic of egypt whitethorn be harder to market than antz, but information technology is much to a greater extent satisfying. like antz and unlike the more modest casting of pixar ' s a hemipterous insect ' s life, the prince of egpyt have half of hollywood doing the voices. danny glover is the representative of jethro, jeff goldblum of aaron, steve dino paul crocetti of hotep, helen mirren of the queen, michelle pfeiffer of tzipporah, martin short of huy and patrick dugald stewart of seti. you can figure away for yourself world health organization does the voice of god. the movie, which exist weak in the story section, is a cliff ' s notes translation of demille ' s the ten commandment. the handwriting by kelly asbury and lorna cook has an compulsion with touching briefly on every classic outcome in grandma moses ' s life. demille took terminated troika and a half time of day in order to do it justice department. at less than half of that, the prince of arab republic of egypt rushes through then much material that it doesn ' t found sufficient profundity for us to bond with the characters. we meet grandma moses when the queen finds him floating in his little handbasket. we learn him grow upward and become best bud and a chariot racing partner to ramses (ralph fiennes ), the future pharaoh. moses equal a free spirit and a pragmatic joker until he witness out his true identicalness as a jew. ( " all ace ' ve ever have it away to be true embody a trygve halvden lie, " grandma moses complains. ) after chance out his real identity, he sees for the beginning metre the oppression of the jewish slaves that are all around him. after leaving egyptian empire, moses comes rearwards to take ramses to allow anna mary robertson moses ' s people go. this leads to the classic scene of the parting of the flushed sea, which is unrivaled of many piazza where computers were used to raise the traditionally hired man - drawn animation of the most of the production. it is the absolutely stunning visuals that give the movie indeed compelling. drawn with a rich palette of luxurious roses, blues and golds, the picture looks sumptuous from it first chassis to information technology last. the construction of the temple be shown in blowing rubble, and other scenes make up shoot with the glow of a rise sunlight. the most original optical episode in the picture fall out during a dream moses has. done with an explicit two - dimensional look, the colorful images painted on the synagogue fence come to life to recite their own alive story. yet though it has information technology weakness, the prince of egypt is a baronial attempt to carve out a new music genre - - serious alive motion picture show for adults that are acceptable for the entire family. this awe - inspiring movie deserves to live seen. the prince of egypt runs astir 1: 30. information technology is rated pg for thematic elements and would be fine for the whole family. how previous a small fry would need to be to constitute interested depends on the child, just those over 8 will probably comparable it. 