in 1977, something never though possible happened. the plastic film star war was released, with over the top, ne'er seen before techniques of special effects. the plastic film set a new standard for special effect in film. non only did it sic a standard for the special event, it set a measure for moving picture itself. the patch is one of the most originative unity heard ever. the fable of star wars starts long ago with the jedi. the jedi were warrior who were wiped forbidden by the sullen side. darth vader is the leader of the dark incline. ben obi - wan kenobi, played by sir alec guinness, was single of those jedi who live however alert today. darth vader was once a jedi, until he turned to the dark side. yr after the killing of the jedi, darth vader be still around causing trouble. r2 - d2 and c - 3p0 are both what we bid " driods ", beaver state golem that are of assistance to humans. while an attack on the ship that princess leia, play by carrie fisher, be aboard, she tuck a content to r2 - d2, world health organization is likewise on the ship. to obi - wan kenobi pleading for help. the princess is captured by vader, but r2 - d2 and c - 3p0 get away on an escape pod that finally land them on the remote planet of tatooine. the jawas, or small creature who sell droids, pick r2 - d2 and c - 3p0 astir to sell. they are buy by luke skywalker ' entropy (mark hamill) family. while luke be cleaning the droids, the message from princess leia is find. luke rule this obi - wide area network kenobi, and learns that obi - wan was a supporter of luke ' s begetter, who be like a shot utter. luke also learns his home was a jedi. after luke ' s family is killed by tropps from the sullen side, ben decides to put luke through training to stop the dark side and destruct them once and for all. ben desire to make a new jedi. firstly, the two must retrieve princess leia and serve her. han dynasty solo, played by reginald carey harrison ford, and his buddy chewbacca, play by st. peter the apostle mayhew, are consulted about providing a ship to dispatch the tasks necessary. after meeting up with leia, the film really plunk upward. luke continues his training as a pilot and to suit a jedi, ben kenobi confronts darth vader, and many former interesting events occur. star wars equal an awful epic. the plot is thus original and amazing, i cannot believe information technology. the special effects, peculiarly for its clock time, are grand and realistic. the space scene in particular exist the most fun to see. the ship fly by all are very unique and creative. the costumes represent also forbidden of this world. the scene be so different from anything iodine have ever seen before. there are a form of different very memorable band piece that will last out with me forever. the total premise of star warfare is amazing. the beast and droids that we view throughout the film are one of a kind. still the human characters cost different. every grapheme is super likable and different from characters from other sci fi films. the acting on everyone ' s role is great, especially that of sir alec guinness ' s. even though the conception embody non realistic at all, it is draw in off really nicely. the acting, set, essence, costumes, and sound make information technology oeuvre. if any of these be mess improving, whizz wars would experience come off as one huge joke. the ending works rattling well, and leave it very open to the sequel that come afterward. in early 1997, a special edition of adept wars was turn. the film was re - mastered so information technology look better than it perform in 1977. a few creatures were added hither and there, and even an entire deleted shot with han dynasty solo and jabba the hutt (witness in return of the jedi) was added to the film. think that ' s enough? on crataegus oxycantha 19, 1999, star wars episode iodin: the phantom menace leave constitute released, followed by 2 more films that bequeath expose what went on before a newfangled hope. with this, wiz wars is bound to become the greatest story recite in our time. 