kadosh means sacred in hebrew. amos gitai ' s fancied body of work, after spending most of his vocation doing documentary, is a grim story about a failed hasidic marriage, yet though the marriage equal a make love one. the spousal relationship will symbolize the clash of cultures in modern zion between the native israeli ' south modern viewpoint toward religion and the political understanding hasidic ' due south intolerable one, as both mathematical group are vying for control of the secular political science. gitai (devarim / yom yom) is a toil company left of center, who believe that if the rigid hasidic always drive control of the government activity, it would sound the death knell of israel. the emphasis of the film is on how the ultra - orthodox jews of that sect live by the letter of the torah in everything they do and how they subjugate the women to take their visual sense of idol ' s law from only the male person ' s view. that if they of all time got control of the country, their illiberal mental attitude would repress the land the same way the women are. the story take away place in jerusalem ' s jewish quarters called mea shearim, where we be get hold of down sinewy back streets with placards pasted on the walls, and into the crowded apartments and prayer elbow room where the protagonists live out their idea of the proper jewish lifespan, which is a great deal different than the way most hebrew live in israel. this comprise a controversial film, in that the women are distressed and the male person attitudes are to such an extreme patriarchal one, that the film be spring to anger most viewers, no issue their belief. information technology exist a slow - moving, meticulous film, that grabs hold of you by the collar and never net ball pass. the force out of what is look, though film in an objective way, never taking a cheap shot at the hasidim, is nevertheless bound to leave behind questions about the nature of such a drill of strict observance. the film is meant to be critical of such a rigid people, as it implies how they kill the spirit of everything they touch and with their extreme phobic attitudes, it seduce it impossible for them to unite the country when they can ' t at present live in harmony with their own people, and it would be yet to a greater extent unimaginable to imagine them living with their arab neighbors in peace treaty. the film opens as golda meir procession at cockcrow and go through with his prayer ritual, where every prayer is made to the virtues of god. he even thank divinity that he didn ' t make him a woman. his married woman rivka accepts the fate she constitute born into and looks at him from the future bottom where she sleeps separately according to hasidic customs. she looks at him with glint heart, non questioning the laws or rebelling against her subaltern role and how her religion keeps her from studying the talmud and having all the modern conveniences of life, and from seeing motion picture show and television. golda meir is a talmudic scholar. his father (abu warda) is a rabbi at the yeshiva. he have been married for ten geezerhood and his married woman has non be able bodied to give him a child. since the hasidim look upon a woman ' s role in life being only to conceive children, and cook and clean house for the man, while the man ' s role is to spend his sentence in prayer, therefore at that place is an unsurmountable problem in this other than loving marriage. she receives an anonymous alphabetic character that say " a woman without a child be no effective than dead. " meir ' s response, is that it is compose corresponding that in the talmud. golda meir ' s founder secernate him that the marriage contract must comprise broken: " a man world health organization go without progeny rips a page from the torah. " entirely the blame is order on rivka, who be thought of as unpure as the reasonableness for her being barren. she bequeath go through innumerable ritual bath to clean herself, as her rigid mother (koenig) dunk her in the holy water and says a ritual prayer for the 12 times she be dunked as an homage to the dozen tribes of israel. their religion doesn ' t permit them to be examine extensively by a doctor. rivka goes on the sly and finds out that it is her married man who be sterile, simply she cannot tell him that because of their religion. so when meir ' s father chooses a younger charwoman for his son, she is exiled to live unaccompanied in a cold apartment in the like judaic quarter. rivka ' s spirited young sister malka do not want to get married but wants to live a to a greater extent liberated animation. she has a farsighted time romantic human relationship with a fellow hasidic yaakov. only, because of the way they equal both raised, she is still a virgo. when yaakov bring together the israeli army to fight in lebanon, something his religious sect is not allowed to do, he be thereby cast out from the sect even though he embody still a worshiper. he at once works as a isaac bashevis singer in a nightclub. malka ' s female parent is disquieted that her daughter win ' t get married, so she arranges with the rabbi for her to marry yossef, someone whom she doesn ' t love life. yossef is a very relentless follower of the order, he is also a political militant world health organization drives around the city in a sound - truck with a taurus - horn urge jews to stay together and fight their godless enemy. the two sisters personify close and languidly discuss their options, with rivka distinguish her sister to have the marriage, it leave make her happy; merely, while malka follow reluctantly forced into accepting it, she has other plan to ruin this bogus marriage. the harshest scenery in the moving picture show is on malka ' s wedding nox. yossef prays to god for a child and and so robotically gets malka to fan out her legs, and without the least bit of affection, only a nervousness shown on his part for the function he supplies, as he goes inside her and rams her hard, thrusting away until the human action is fill in and then retiring without a parole or gesture of love. the sisters have choices, like everyone else in life does. merely the choices are obliterate by one ' sulfur beliefs, fortune, and inward nature, and how difficult it is to pack out those choices if it goes completely against the style matchless is brought up. for the babe, the choices are sprightliness or death ace. gitai by closing in on the daily rituals, tight living quarter and close - knit community, ingest read how difficult these choice represent for those who have ne'er realise another world and have be kept in the dark all their life. the film finish with the forlorn malka walking atop of jerusalem and looking down upon information technology as an outsider would, and everything seem strange to her, all the things she once thought of as being set up in stone are now harsh memories, as she have made her selection, and the monetary value of that choice is very heavy indeed. 