the letter carrier delivers but not first division the postman a pic review by michael redman copyright 1997 by michael redman [ monition: my opinion of this film is by all odds in the nonage of reviewers perhaps because information technology strike thence many of my cinematic buttons: military post - apocalypse stories, desire in a desperate situation, grassroots uprisings and kevin costner. even worse, i thought that " waterworld " cost watchable. take the following with those particular grains of salt. ] it ' s the year 2013 and thing have flow apart. due to a world warfare in the late ninety, the resulting triad - class winter and a devastating plague, life in the former united states has live reduced to insulate primitive fiefdom. although this be the future, it front like a westerly. as the picture open, kevin costner (his character ' s name comprise ne'er revealed) embody wandering the utah wastelands with only his mule broadside for company. giving extraordinarily bad shakespearean performance in exchange for food and living accommodations, costner is an outsider in a land of foreigner. running into yet worse fate, helium make up forcibly conscripted into the racially consummate holnist army of general bethlehem (leave patton ). the rag - tatter retro - futuristic cavalry live the descendent of reserves groups and is yet called the " tribe " after a brutal rush ingroup, helium (and you can see this coming a mile away) escape. necessitate shelter in a wrecked postal motortruck, he liberates the uniform and mail bag from the skeleton in the taxicab world health organization no yearner has a enjoyment for either. once atomic number 2 reach or, land of beautiful womanhood, brilliant youngsters and rock and roll; helium pretends to be a congressman from the " repair sexual intercourse of the united states of america ". this scam sustain him inside the walled towns where the hope of mail delivery renews optimism in the hearts of the inhabitants. intellectual nourishment and other opportunity amount his way in the bod of peppy abby (olivia williams) who wants him to father a child because her married man comprise sterile. curtly her husband be killed by bethlehem and she and the postman (as costner is referred to for the rest of the celluloid) become a loth item. although the mailman knows he ' s work a fraud, the construct of renew communications sets the child ' vision afire (especially ford lincoln mercury (larenz tate ), his second - in - instruction) and they form a new pony expressage dedicated to getting the mail through. the revive postal service doubles as an u. s. army to fight the holnists ' stalinism. the postman have go a symbol for leslie townes hope in a rube goldberg fashion. although the movie appeals to my sensibilities, there are therefore many things wrong with information technology that they can hardly be counted. it ' s derivitive of costner ' s possess " waterworld " and clint eastwood westerns. in that respect ' s little here that we haven ' t seen dozens of time before. the film is often knock down - right corny. a picture where the postman is on horseback and grab a letter from the hands of a shiny - eyed nestling is embarrassing in its slow - motion banality. the cinema ' s final few minute should have been provide on the cutting room trading floor. despite the film ' randomness extravagant three minute length, several things personify never explained. what cost the war about? how cause civilization change so rapidly? everyone has horses: where get along all they come from? the " law of eights " that bethlehem lives by seems to give birth its inception someplace beyond the film, but where? are we to consider that the residue of the world be in the same shape and hasn ' t made their way west to help or seize? there is some hugger mugger symbolization here that doesn ' t seem to make sense. the narrative represent obviously say that communication sack defeat evil in much the same way that the cyberspace has the possible to tumble politics, but beyond that there are some oddities. the evil usa is address " holnists " which sounds coincidently same the modern age " holistic theory ", but why? is information technology another coincidence that information technology read place in 2013, scarcely 1 year after many ancient prophesies (including the stop of the mayan calendar) predict a new world for mankind? why is the universal name " bethlehem "? there seems to cost some reasonableness for that, but what? sometimes the moving picture show feels like a prank. an ground forces of postal workers armed with guns? regard the newspaper headline of late years, it takes a tremendous leap of faith to cheer for these guy wire. it ' s yet more unmanageable to accept those re - powering the union governing as the heroes. given the current mood of the country and the distrust of big government, information technology ' s asking a hatful for the hearing to catch behind the pic ' s patriotism. yet with its numerous flaws, the movie all come together, if only for those world health organization hold the same weaknesses that one have. it ' s doubtful that " the letter carrier " be get going to find much of an audience, only a few of us are going to take in a good time. besides we ' re all awaiting the fall of civilization caused by the year 2000 millennium computing device germ. ( michael redman have written this column for over xxii years and would wish to declare that the " michael redman " arrested near capital of indiana last week for accepting an illicit package from federal express is, to the best of his knowledge, not him. possibly this similarly - named person should throw employ kevin costner ' s postal service. ) 