casting " doogie howser " star neil patrick benjamin harris as mind - reading military intelligence agency follow only 1 of the guilty pleasures of " starship cavalryman, " a hugely entertaining, mega - budgeted sci - fi yarn direct by paul verhoeven, who ' s cause quite a a recovery from his 1995 gib - string epic " showgirls. " for sure, " spaceship troopers " qualifies as cinematic junk intellectual nourishment, but that ' s forgivable when the rubble food is this tasty. everyone needs a eminent - calorie variety - of - pace from autumn ' s onslaught of costume dramas and early assorted academy award sweetener, and " troopers " does the job admirably despite its flaws. for its 1st hour, " spaceship troopers " plays alike a cheeky futurist cross of " saved by the chime " and " thousand. i. jane. " in the distant years ahead, high school grad johnny rico (casper new wave dien) signs up for federal service along with his lady friend carmen (denise richards ); he gets accepted into the mobile infantry but she wants to travel to the fleet academy to become a starship pilot, so the couple is broken up. simply thither ' s temptation awaiting both of them - - johnny ' s be in the chassis of an old friend (dina meyer) also in the foot and stock still harboring a secret crush, while carmen attracts the middle of her flirtatious instructor (patrick muldoon ). personal rivalry and sexual jealousy carry over into the concluding sixty five minutes, when an close at hand alien menace begin make good on its threatening presence and obliterates part of dixie america, belt down johnny ' s parents and destroying his house. our weakening, lovesick admirer is given new reasons to deposit close to the mobile infantry, and embody dispatched with a group of fellow champion to the aliens ' home planet, where he leave head up a ground assault to end the scourge for good. just the opposition is far smart, to a greater extent diabolical and numerous than the good guys give them mention for, and after an initial walloping, they mustiness re - examine their strategy. the exposition - - act same a futuristic soap opera house - - personify silly, merely aware of it own ridiculousness plenty to merit more smiles than groans. once we get past the campy character introductions and the legion (just ne'er bore) training session, " starship troopers " truly kick into high gear. it last half is all gruesomely violent action - - a fury of severed limbs, decapitation, evisceration, nous remotion, explosions and other shock - inducers that are real going to please the 13 - and 14 - yr - old boys lucky enough to dodge get carded or caught on their way into this deservedly r - rated show. the creature designing and special issue are baffle as expected, and their interaction with the human actors are a naturalistic, inventive high point. information technology ' s nice to see intergalactic beasties that aren ' t excessively derivative of the nominal threat from " alien. " these monsters be appropriately terrifying vision, especially the arachnids, a wanderer - scorpion - phthirius pubis combo that ' s all piercing talon and yet sharper leg. they attack in packs of hundreds, and it ' s a funny, scary sight to ensure these bugs take repeated striking and still crawl, jolt and battle towards their intended dupe in a determined, gooey mess. it matters non that they actually stimulate a laughable master plan in mind (ask yourself if a species like this seems capable of hold taboo such a plot ); these sequences of insect warfare are legion, fucking and immensely satisfying. the occasional spectacular moments - - one cast member ' s death, the final resolution to johnny ' s love life triangle - - are botched, a will to how " spaceship troopers " fails to make any strong, outstanding characters. these bland ken - and - barbie archetypes serve the story adequately plenty to keep any distractions at subdivision ' s length, but keep back the film from achieving a higher ground a la " star wars, " where yet the thin aliens make definite personality. the acting is decent (but never spectacular ); most of the performers hail from aaron spelling territory - - smallish role on " beverly hill 90210 " and / operating theatre " melrose place " - - and information technology occasionally picture. van dien, for example, is special merely utterly likeable. in smaller function are the afore - mentioned neil patrick harris as johnny ' s best friend and jake busey (gary ' randomness son) as johnny ' s pal; the latter excels at playing creeps (see " the frighteners " or " contact ") but seem off - kilter as a second banana. " starship troopers " is ground on the novel by robert robert anson heinlein, a sci - fi author who hasn ' t exactly seen any recent adaptation jurist done to any of his books what with 1994 ' s howler " the creature master. " but the overall indecorum to the " extraterrestrial being " trilogy - - and the hope of great scads of gore - - could act as a crowd - draftsman. its ain possible influence, however, might well work against it when the franchise law of continuation " alien: resurrection of christ " opens in a few calendar week. we bequeath know so which plastic film to crown as the best summer movie of the fall. 