according to hollywood movies make in last few tenner, living in small town is one of the worst things that could happen to a human being. even spoilt destiny awaits those who were unfortunate to grow up in those black, god - forsaken station and later on forced to subsist forever traumatised by the experience. on the other bridge player, it seems that something more than atlantic ocean watershed europe from america, because one of the most popular and beloved european films takes incisively the opposite view. this cinema is amarcord, 1974 comedy by famous italian director federico fellini, which later gave aspiration to legion imitations and court, and still led few american screen creative person to adopt its heretical views astir benefits of small town life. the picture is based on the screenplay by federico fellini and tonino guerra and information technology lacks the plot in usual sense. instead we follow one year in 1930s italian summer stamping ground townsfolk of rimini through the series of short vignette that depict several local upshot and customs, as substantially as series of local, often very colourful role. although many of those characters occasionally take the role of narrator, motion picture show concentrates on its nominal protagonist, 14 - year old boy titta (played by bruno zanin) and chronicles his sexual frustrations, obsession with local beauty faggot call gradisca (played by magali noel ), problems in his lovingly dysfunctional house, every bit well as troubles his father (played by armando brancia) have with mussolini ' s fascist regimen. amarcord was often noted as the ultimate nostalgia film, and it in all probability explains why information technology equal very popular, even among those citizenry who actually don ' t like federico fellini ' s study real much. every member of it potential hearing would find part of himself or herself in this film, because fellini in this motion picture clearly illustrates natural human desire to paint past in the best way possible. distortion between genuine past and its subjective rendering could exist found still in the title of the film - word " amarcord " is null more than badly pronounced phrase " one remember " in local italian idiom. in the same fashion the word is distorted, and then is the past in memory of those world health organization recall it. after the premiere, fellini resist any claims astir autobiographic character of this flick, but information technology doesn ' t matter whether rimini of amarcord actually resembles rimini of fellini ' s childhood or not; any place and any time could resemble characters and situations of this film. federico fellini ' s view on nostalgia live clearly illustrated with a way he mixes reality and phantasy in this motion picture show. even the nigh realistic scenes personify laced with dark humour and grotesque images. characters look like caricatures, actors playing them oftentimes purposely overact, and women, especially those who fire titta ' s sexual phantasy, often take in certain body part with elephantine proportions. every now and then, scenes that depict 1930s reality step by step slide into fantasies of movie ' s case and rimini becomes near indistinguishable from the magical station in character ' visions. because of that, almost everything in this picture looks different, and in most cases better, than information technology would have look in the real sprightliness. yet the fascism gets fellinian make - over - fellini views mussolini ' s totalistic regime as nothing more than optical spectacle (explaining why similar regimes enjoyed such pop documentation throughout account) and opportunity for clowning. when fascist finally show their on key colour and begin torturing their opponents, even this becomes opportunity for panorama of macabre humour. unlike many of his italian colleagues in 1970s, who had utilize thirties period setting to explicitly condemn fascism and serve fashionable political order of business, fellini doesn ' mt care that much about politics. lack of self - righteous moral linear perspective exist compensated with fellini ' s humanistic approach to his characters. each of them, irrespective of eld, gender, social class operating room physical appearance, be given opportunity to express his or her views, dreams and fears. fellini treats wholly those characters with warmth and affection, even when atomic number 2 paints them as grotesque caricatures of material people. because of this warmth and popular spirit, amarcord could personify viewed as one of the most humane movie of 20th century, and it keeps its cosmopolitan feel good atmosphere despite depicting having many uncomfortable, melancholic and yet tragical moments. fellini couldn ' t produce such effects without using his own directorial talent that pay a very personal touch to this flick. vignettes aren ' deoxythymidine monophosphate memorable because of the characters only; fellini use camera, painting film in bright colors, specially in the scenes that picture character ' s fantasies. fellini as well know how to use locations, whether such location happens to be luxurious hotel, bright - coloured beach surgery rural countryside. even the down - to - earth streets of rimini, where everyone sleep together everyone, gets magic dimension during the snow. on the other mitt, deficiency of credible special effects jolly diminished the like effect during the ocean liner prospect. this ambiance make up also provided by incredible gift of composer and fellini ' s long - time associate nino rota. his amarcord theme is probably one of the most recognisable, most popular and most restful and uplifting piece of film euphony ever produced. that music only should be the reason to view amarcord as one of the indisputable classics of seventh art. 