he has expend his entire life in an awful small apartment, raised and cared for and put away by his domineering mother. she inspires his love and his veneration, and instills in him a standardised dearest and fear of jesus. he has a rudimentary hold of language, mouthing monosyllabic word and repeating of his mother ' s phrases. he is taught that the humanity exterior exist fatally poisonous; his mother get into a gasmask whenever she goes out the door. atomic number 2 be 35 - years - old in consistency, but a child in mind and sprightliness. he is the premise for bad boy bubby, a defiantly original australian movie astir a piece called bubby (nicholas hope) who has spent his entire life in an dreadful little apartment, etc. , etc. then 1 day his founding father (ralph cotterill) appears. his father is a shabby refine - at - heels priest who appears to take in permanently misplaced his organized religion. unsurprisingly, he is non beatify with the way " his " male child get change state out. he is, however, kind of please at renewing his acquaintance with the mother (claire benito ), and, more to the gunpoint, her copious bosom. presently they are copulating on the dingy couch, while bubby crouches, confound, in the next room, acutely aware that the female parent world health organization had devoted all her aid to him has a new interest. bubby ' s human relationship to the world crataegus laevigata equal warped, but it is at least unchanging. the father ' s arriver disturb his precarious remainder, causing an oedipal conflict which ends - - sigmund freud would personify please - - in ferocity and, as a result, freedom. bubby intuits from his father ' s arrival that the gentle wind outside is breathable: helium leaves the apartment, his past, his world, behind. so far, so good. the first thirty minute surgery so of bad boy bubby, which bring in us to this pointedness, equal quite superb. the picture show be at it salutary when its stop within the constraints of bubby ' s hermetic two - room universe. it trace through with unrelentingly on the implications of its premise: bubby is used by his mother for sexual activity, he unwittingly suffocates the pet cat with cellophane, he is terrifed by the notion that redeemer will beat him senseless if he sins. information technology constitute grim and savage and appalling, only also queerly tender - - de heer, induce imagined a lifetime as bizarre as bubby ' s, perform non exaggerate for mirthful or grotesqe aim, but simply empathizes. helium keep what it might be like. the intensity of these opening scene, with their minimalist mise - nut - scene, immerses uracil in a claustrophobic environment which seem to be a decayed socio economic class of our own world, and owes much to david lynch ' s eraserhead, non least the ambient industrial white noise of the soundtrack. for 30 minutes, the flick wield the feel and mood of a reality that make non seem far removed from our own. then de heer lets bubby prohibited, brings him into impinging with our world, and the film ne'er quite recovers. our unlikely hero find oneself himself in larboard adelaide, where he wanders the streets and meets people, where he suffers and learns and survives. he is seduced by a young woman from a salvation army band (how an anti - social half - mentality with no sense of hygiene manages to get laid mere hr after his escape is not the sort of question the film encourages, wisely ); he is given free pizza by a sympathetic waitress; he insults a traffic cop and is punched in the stomach; he shares a few beer in the back of a truck with a rock group; he is put away and raped; helium become a translator for mentally handicapped people whose speech is impaired beyond comprehension; helium is loved by a motherly large - breasted nurse (carmel johnson ). . . it goes on, by turn inventive, silly, tasteless, endear, and sometimes all of these things at once. de heer ne'er seems to be sure how bubby should interface with the real world: the tone shifts, uneasily, from fable to realism to satire and back once again. the scenes which try to touch base with a believable version of reality are the weakest; the film is best understood as a kind of parable, and, indeed, the religious implications of bubby ' s experiences are foregrounded: icons of jesus on the cross bent from the mother ' s walls, bubby dons a priest ' s collar stolen from his father, a church organ - playing atheist lecturing him on the necessity of unbelief, the woman world health organization ransom him is name angel. the manifold stresses of our world do not shatter bubby ' s mind, do non fragment him into psychosis; rather, the universe accomodates him, and heals him. although delaware heer ' siemens touch is at times overbear, bubby ' s redemption is touching; what seemd at inaugural a rough example in the damaging personal effects of the social construction of reality becomes a na? ve humanist tale of improbable promise. a hapless rock mathematical group write a song about bubby and spill the beans information technology for him and so give him the gift of residential area. helium returns the favour when he steps on microscope stage one night and becomes their frontman, wrick the fragmented impression of his experiences into performance art, and turn the dance orchestra into a pop draw. innocence victory. bubby becomes a holy fool, an idiot initiate, and graces u with wisdom. information technology ' s a strange turning of events, but by instantly we shouldn ' t personify surprised, because bad boy bubby ain ' thymine like early movies. 