what is a shivery pic anyhow? be it a movie where a mortal gets ripped to shreds? constitute it where a person comprise being chased by some damned teenager who want retaliation? possibly its some guy with a bait world health organization wants to lie with what you did last summer. what ever happened to horror movies, where the horror equal in the atmosphere, and in the characters. movies similar " halloween " and " psycho " which revolutionized horror genre evermore, but wait in 1973 came a movie based on the bestselling book of account by william dick blatty, entitled " the exorcist ", the movie opened to rave reviews, and scared audiences to demise, now in the year 2000 " the exorcist " comes back to the big screen in a version you ' ve never seen complete with six channel digital surround audio, and fifteen minutes of new footage never before seen as long as a new ending. chris mcniell exist an actress support in georgetown washington with her twelve year old daughter regan. while working on a new movie, chris even so stays close to regan, but set forth to marvel why her bottom shakes at night, and why regan starts to make convulsions all of a sudden. when chris find out that regan is possessed by a demon, she shuns at the fact of information technology, but considers getting a priest to serve her daughter. father karras (jason moth miller) be the man they bestow in, his mother have just died, and still in mourning he decides to help this little little girl. jesus, father karras, and their nanny sharon (kitty winn) have to seat and await until a valet de chambre express up, that man is the exorciser, and that man will aid this little fille. excrutiatingly scary, the exorcist is a graeco roman horror moving picture, which twenty seven age later still scares audiences half to death. now we get to the experience " the exorcist " the style it was meant to be seen in a director ' s cut which incorpates 15 minutes of new footage cut by friedkin at the time of the release for content and time, a new ending has been added equally well, and adds more of a lighter belief to the movie, which i prefer the original darker ending more than. the movie has also be remastered in a fantastic six channel digital sound admixture, and be amazing. the voices are all well defined, the music pours verboten on you and plunge you in richness. as a theatre director friedkin has been well known for other moving picture, but his standout picture is " the exorcist " nominated for several academy awards it one a few, simply was somehow doubted best characterisation, best actress (ellen burstyn) and best supporting actress (linda blair) who at the age of 1 believe thirteen does a wonderful job of being a small girl, alone, possess and unable to stop what is going on. ellen burstyn i think gives her best performance to date, and can follow ascertain currently in " requiem for a dream " to which she is getting rave reassessment for. jason miller (jason patrik ' s papa) is astonishing as father god karras, and his functioning volition be forever embedded in my thinker, to me he is the character world health organization make water the entire film float along. i was saddened when i saw this film with an audience of mostly youthful people to see them laughing at this movie, 1 in no agency, think that this movie be laughable, yes some of the stuff regan says is funny, but they live express mirth at her head teacher spinning, and the green pea soup, come on people this is some creepy stuff! at any rate the re - release of the picture have managed to make $ 40 zillion dollars, and is still break. hopefully i sidereal day they re - release it once again in twenty dollar bill years for more coevals to come to enjoy. 