in one scenery from " the people vs. larry flynt, " the hustler magazine publisher look at a ego - present free spoken communication rally. as in writing photos flash on a huge screen behind him, flynt strides confidently across the leg, delivering a rousing speech ended what really constitute salacity. the spectacle was reminiscent of the scene in " patton " where the general spoke in front of a gargantuan american masthead. both scene were stir, heavy than life, richly entertaining, and felt totally like contrived set objet d'art for big hollywood movies. overall, that sum up upwards " the people vs. larry flynt. " the film be a wildly entertaining hoot which, despite being based on fact, feels like a grown, bogus hollywood picture show. the son of a kentucky moonshiner, flynt (woody harrelson) ran aside from home and ended upward operating strip clubhouse in cincinnati. there atomic number 2 met althea leasure (courtney love ), a epicene stripper who turn his quaternary wife and the love of his spirit. to bolster interest in his clubhouse, he start a sexually explicit newsletter that grew into hustler magazine. flynt, along with the magazine ' s rag - tag management team, head by his brother jimmy (played nicely by woody ' s real - sprightliness buddy, steak & shake commercial veteran brett harrelson ), viewed playboy magazine with scorn. they mock it slick article and airbrushed photos, striving to keep on hustler focused on " what rib really want, " explicit pic that would make a gynecologist wriggle, and extremely crude bodily fluid. the motion picture ' s select lesson of hustler ' s attitude is a cartoon depicting characters from the wizard of oz in an orgy, giving the hearing an chance to titter at flynt ' s " naughtiness. " conductor milos forman conveniently ignores the magazine ' s frequent attempts to derive humor from child harassment, racism, and endless scatological cartoons. flynt ' s rag labored in well - merit obscurity until he published nude photograph of jacqueline onassis, which brought the magazine international aid, big money and the care of conservatives. an obscenity bust follow, the initiatory in a long serial of battles between flynt and the law. lawyer alan isaacman (edward norton) put down the scene, charter by flynt ' s married woman. norton, an surpassing actor, is wonderful as the beleaguered attorney trying to navigate the legal organisation while apportion with flynt ' s increasingly childish and gonzo conduct. in court, we meet the shin conservative, headed by citizens for decency drawing card prince charles keating (saint james the apostle cromwell. ) as keating blatherskite about flynt ' s immorality, the photographic camera slowly moves in for a close - up of his name tag, receive the consultation to gloat at the notion of morality being trumpet by keating, who was later convict in a $ 2 billion s & fifty fraud. flynt ' s other prime foeman embody rev. jerry falwell, who sues complete a hustler parody involving him and his female parent having sex in an outhouse. disaster bang as flynt is fool away by a would - be assassin, impart him paralyzed from the shank down. a dark period follows, as flynt and leasure hole out upward in an liter. a. suite, string out on pain killers. flynt finally kicks drugs, only leasure succumbs to addiction, and later, aids. after lookout man falwell on tv, describing aid as a penalisation from god, flynt directs his lawyer to take the falwell compositor's case to the supreme judicature, leading to the film ' s climactic courtroom scene. " the people vs, larry flynt " be at its weakest when moralizing on free speech and lionise flynt. " if they ' ll protect a scumbag comparable me, and then they ' ll protect all of you, " declared flynt. atomic number 2 ' s right, of course, but the director forman cheats in portraying the foeman as little more than than hypocritical buffoons. helium also cheats in casting woody harrelson as flynt. harrelson be an attractive, charismatic mankind, and his secure performance paints flynt as a colorful folk hero. even a casual aspect at the real flynt, who be make the talk appearance electric circuit, and plays the judge in an early courtroom scenery, prove a bloated, morose and bitter man. an accurate personation of flynt would have made a more hard film to watch, just a richer one. despite its fault, " flynt " is a fast moving, rousing moving picture show with some terrific acting, especially by courtney erotic love, whose vivacious carrying out will in all likelihood garner an academy award nod. the story may make up candy - cake, but it ' siemens still delightful candy. 