the 1990s produced ii brilliant science fiction film. unrivaled was _gattaca_. the other was _the 13th floor_. scarcely as _gattaca_ be overshadowed by the mighty _titanic_, _the thirteenth floor_ was demote to obscurity by _the matrix_. notwithstanding, _the thirteeth floor_, though it deals with similar theme, is a much better film than the frenetic, infantile and improbable _matrix_. a cutting edge figurer scientist, hannon fuller (playact by the charming armin mueller - stahl ), personify off. his companion, douglas hall, (craig bierko) apparently draw up and distrust by the constabulary, enters into the simulated world they have create in order to ravel out the mystery. along the way of life a beautiful blond (gretchen mol ), more consistence, and a thickening secret about simulated worlds perplex the picture. _the thirteenth floor_ spread slowly and telegraphs its punches, choosing to elicit the to a greater extent complex emotional response of empathy and anticipation sort of than the cheap one of mere surprise. the effect is a movie that constitute a failure from two schematic points of view. first, its plot revelations can be foreseen if one has cautiously followed information technology complex plot line. second and to a greater extent seriously, it demands that its audience think and feel. no wonder it return done the cracks. done in plastic film noir trend as a murder mystery, this be a comparatively deep movie that functions on several levels. many audience will simply be discombobulate by information technology, rather than engaged, which is a shame, because this movie amply repays a little emotional and cerebral investment funds. 1 advocate a second viewing simply to catch the flavor of the frequent ironic foreshadowing in the opening parts of the flick. despite its philosophic challenge, _the thirteenth floor_ derives information technology emotional force from the love story between jane fuller (mole) and douglas radclyffe hall (bierko ), every bit well as the close friendship between douglas hall and hannon buckminster fuller. in that sense it is more akin to _gattaca_ than _the matrix_, which, for all of it cunning philosophical byplay, is an adolescent pic with no excited depth whatsoever. the present moment when jane fuller confess her love for douglas vestibule is at once satisfying, wrenching and intellectually challenging. in it final moments the film even take on itself, when david, jane ' s hubby, world health organization suffer come to enjoy killing, incriminate her of be the macabre one. although at that place is a victory for the leading character, this resolution suggests a distressing factor of fantasy in jane, and so a deep - seated type fault. in fact, hannon fuller ' sec activities in the simulated world, the conduct of jane ' s married man, and the effects of go into the simulation on douglas hall all touch at similar issues with those characters. this is not a movie of serious masses beset from without by great evil. the tragedy be not in their star, simply in themselves. the major actors, all of whom be command to play two or even three role, perform super well. bierko, who volition be familiar as the psycho from _the long kiss goodnight_, embody outstanding. d ' onofrio as whitney, world health organization plays a pivotal function in support, also turn in a good performance. the adorable gretchen mol, whose elegance, integrity, and decision suggest bergman in _casablanca_, act a marvellous job. her articulation, withal, lacks the necessary weight at times. this could embody because she was give the worst lines in a movie whose major weakness is the playscript. some small flaws, hairline cracks in fine porcelain, appear in stead. in that location live one or two instances of jerky redaction. the script take the bound cancelled the film ' s climaxes. the atmosphere becomes to a fault claustrophobic at time (yet, there is a clue thither likewise ). one wonders if even after two decades, _blade runner_ is still casting information technology tenacious tail over sci - fi picture show. unrivaled rear see a group of suits in their suite, waving their workforce imperiously at directors same the emperor in _amadeus_: " make information technology more like_blade runner_, you know, dark and rainy. " _the thirteen floor_ is that rare elision among hollywood moving picture: a, productive, emotionally satisfying, reasoning sci - fi movie. and yet, ultimately, information technology proves the suits mightily. for when good sci - fi is made, where is the sf community turning proscribed in drove to see information technology? if we don ' t financial support great sf, who leave? 