if the current trends of hollywood filmmaking continue, we personify probably quint or sise years forth from the moment when the 1980s would become the next golden eld of movie nostalgia. although some hollywood products already use the concluding tenner as a background for their stories (mostly in ironic fashion, like grosse pointe blank and romy & michelle ' s high pitched school reunification ), some meter should exit before the good memories of that epoch overcome the bad ones. until that happens, 1980s would be remember as the decade of greed, when the revolutionary ideals of 1960s turned into its cruel, bourgeois opposite and the money became the only thing that matter. contemporary movies are sound in illustrate what be bad for the people world health organization had to exist in those times. unmatched of such motion picture show, one that plausibly brings the essence of 1980s to the screen, is william friedkin ' due south to live and buy the farm in l. a. the money isn ' t just the symbolical motif in the movie, it is the major element of the plot. rick skipper (willem dafoe) is an ex - convict who use his artistic abilities in order to become unmatchable of the best counterfeiters in l. a. being too intelligent to fall into police traps, and ruthless enough to eliminate anybody or anything that could imperil his career, masters make out to evade law for eld and became well - connected. richard hazard (william fifty. petersen) is a secret service agentive role, adrenaline junkie whose life get new meaning after his pardner get drink down by masters. however, his design of fetch the forger down encounter one obstacle after another. finally he sets up a last sting, but his master deny him the necessary money. being foil, and against the hesitancy of his fresh partner john vukovich (bill pankow ), he adjudicate to acquire the money by fleece underworld courier. their plan backfire with virtually tragical consequences when their target turn out to be undercover fbi agent, but chance decides to carry out his scheme anyway. same french connection, one of his previous masterpieces, this friedkin ' s picture be cheer by actual life. gerrald petievich, author of the novel that later serve as basis for his screenplay, spent many years puzzle out as a secret service agent. that turned to be utile for the portrayal of that law enforcement bureau, non a good deal utilised by hollywood. secret service millieu was also cleverly used in order to bring the spectator into the decade of greed; the beginning scene where the motion picture ' s hero works as a office of presidential security department detail is a nice opportunity to hear reagan ' s spoken language that could illustrate the political and frugal notions of those times. ultramaterialistic and egotistical aspect of the earth is shared by near any persona in the movie. willem dafoe brilliantly impersonate unsafe and intelligent sociopath, whose pitilessness and lack of any moral fibber doesn ' t seem like affliction in the reagan years; on the contrary, those qualities in reality makes masters socially acceptable. compared with him, and wholly the other face characters that need their " piece of the action ", two cuban sandwich on the side of law look like losers. rather of be a classic estimable guy, secret service agent richard chance (portrayed by william petersen in his most impressive role so far) be nothing more than a lunatic whose adrenaline addiction and insaneness work against his better judgement; his sidekick, who should serve as those " better judgement " is a doormat and maudlin fool that gets suckered in the end. in such surroundings of moral disintegration, the not thusly happy, notwithstanding surprising end doesn ' t seem prohibited of telephone circuit (although the very last shot leave alone excessively much questions unanswered ). the dark atmosphere of l. a. - metropolis of glamor and moral decay - exist nicely capture by william friedkin ' s directing skills. the tight and realistic scripts with memorable characters (portrayed by such capable actors like gospel according to john turturro, dean stockwell, debra feuer, darlanne fleugel and steve king james i) feed chance for friedkin to use another gimmick that made him celebrated in his 1971 masterpiece - great car pursual. that prospect alone, with lot of realism, thrills and surprise twists, is deserving seeing the relaxation of the photographic film. the soundtrack, provided by forthwith well nigh forget band " wang chung ", is also i of the to a greater extent memorable of that decade. in every compositor's case, to live and pall in cubic decimetre. a. is one of the uncommon movies in which hollywood really tries to tell some unflattering truths astir the world and win in it. 