wyatt earp has a mint to tell and niggling to say. this write up of the legendary law officer runs three hours and baseball club minutes and that ' s too long for this epic - wannabe that plays more same a tv mini - series than a motion picture. the account opens on the earp family farm, with young wyatt ready to function away from house. he want to campaign in the civil warfare, but his dad (hackman) has different ideas and wants his word to study law. time passes and wyatt heads west, rejoin home to hook up with, and, after a spell, start his career in jurisprudence enforcement. by the time he (costner) and his brothers (madsen, david saint andrew the apostle, and linden ashby) arrive in gravestone, wyat has judge his hand at everything from hunt buffalo to dealing cards. wyatt earp is really appealing in places - - such as cast, costume, and cinematography - - but an overdone story and overpowered score deaden most of the aroused impact. world health organization can be move by scenery after scene after scene of swelling strings and choke speeches? somber is fine - - just inquire clint eastwood - - just this film that tout non matchless, not ii, but three, reckoning ' em threesome, hammy death picture! still, a lilliputian bit of earp blend a foresightful way and the life and times of the legendary peace officer be from uninteresting stuff and nonsense. his, uh, unusual relations with adult female, for example, be an challenging contrast to his character ' s creed of " nada count as much as blood. " equally disport be a buffalo - search (and skinning! ) sequence that be emphatically non - pc. theatre director lawrence kasdan takes a refreshingly realistic approach to the gunplay. the ill famed gunfight at the ok corral be both brutal and brief, devoid of almost any theatrics. father ' t looking for much glorified violence hither. despite some big exclamation points in the tale, the characters * do * amount to liveliness. the diverse cast include everyone from betty buckley (!) to mackenzie astin (! ! ). kevin costner is very good in the statute title part. dances with whitney nevers get as steely as the role requires, though, but his transformation from lighthearted law bookman to stoic sheriff make up fun to watch. he be tougher in a perfect world. his hydrofoil is dennis quaid, who pulled a deniro by losing 40 + pounds to play the tuberculous little terror doc holliday. gaunt * and * gamely, he ' s a view stealer who ' s seen to a fault lilliputian. other conversant faces include tom sizemore (look like robert i mcgill ), bill pullman (looking like jeff daniels ), and pastureland benjamin thompson (looking corresponding someone other than lea benjamin thompson ). both factor hackman and isabella rosselini appear and disappear like trick, while late entries catherine o ' hara and jobeth sir bernard williams are astonishingly solid. though the story and score should ' ve tested " less constitute to a greater extent, " all other credit exist technical peak. production designer ida random, art managing director gary wissner, and costume designer colleen atwood are some of the very important person world health organization help spend what mustiness ' ve been an enormous budget. understandably no expense was spared. 