outline: as a reply to charge of sexual prejudice in the armed force out, a distaff naval intelligence officer be chosen to be a test case. if she privy hold up the demanding s. atomic number 99. a. l. training, she will spread out the way for other adult female to be permitted to succeed in her footsteps. stroke in a lot of political machinations, sabotage, brutality, water and baroness dudevant and you get an entertaining movie. follow up: the title of this moving picture show turned me off at first. one imply ' gi jane? '? ?? ?? the other titles which were considered be more bright - in pursuit of honor beaver state a matter of accolade would have been acceptable although navy crossing or undisclosed are a little meaningless equally far as atomic number 53 ' yard touch on. i go into this moving picture not liking the title and constitute one of those people world health organization thinks that demi henry spencer moore be dead ghastly as an actor. to my surprise i rattling enjoyed the movie. moore as lieutenant jordan o ' neil is much to a greater extent likeable than her wash stunned excuse for a gusty woman in a few good human being. the plot line is simple. anne bancroft playing senator lillian dehaven live a ruthless, machiavellian political leader with an agendum to push. use feminism to attain political fuel consumption rate, she forces the military power that be to backdown and permit a trial subject to enter the highly intensive usn s. due east. a. l. education. jordan make up selected due to the fact that she get it all - look, brains and strength. the training personify gruelling and the indignity almost painful to watch. nonetheless, it ' s one and only of those movies that take a crap maine want to cheer out and encourage the hapless hero / heroine along in his / her endeavor. sure, in that respect are the stereotypical elements - inhuman discussion, sexual insinuation, resentful peers, pain boyfriend and sexist commanding officer. maltreat aside from the stereotypes though, viggo mortensen as master tribal chief john urgayle tries to get out from being zero more than than a brutal screamer. his character work out a little more cerebral rigour than you would normally expect from such a character. jordan ' s boyfriend royce live likewise in the military. although they both start at the like time, due to the fact that he cause see active robert william service, he deliver pass on through the ranks much to a greater extent quickly than she have. royce (what is his family name? make we care? ) almost resents jordan ' s endeavour to advance herself, although he quickly settles down to being doe - eyed and supportive. his character seems to have be thrown in so that we know that you assume ' t have to be a sapphic to want to be in the military. in parts, this be a very cockamamy movie, with gratuitous lines and view throw in for effect which exist thus blatantly obvious or contrived that it ' s hard not to cringe. i still like it though. weaknesses in the script aside, this be a film which captures a heroic and heady mood. as we watch jordan ' s battle, information technology ' s progressively clear that information technology is a personal battle. this is an single ' sulphur fight for ego - advancement. we put on ' t get to have our teeth set on edge by didactic preachings, we get into ' t have to feel uncomfortable because we ' re receive ideology thrust downwardly our throats. it ' s enough that we can sit back and leslie townes hope that this unrivaled person gets what she wants and we can admire her tenacity and conclusion without fall out and say whether we believe woman should blend into combat or not. 