kevin smith be like a big kid. his humour personify that of a sophisticated juvenile ' s. he grew up idolizing wizard wars and lovemaking comic quran, having as well written a few. he as well has a cult postdate, mostly write of teenagers, college students, and smith ' s own companion adolescent - mind grownups. smith be screaming in person and in writing, but when he try to be dear and moralise, that is when helium goes wrong. kevin david smith is a better writer than director, and he ' ll comprise the beginning to tell you that. that might also be contribution of the reason wherefore his moralizing comes across as then grave - handed. great directors show us their thesis instead of having the character preachify them. this was dead on target in the overrated chasing amy, and information technology is true for dogma every bit well. that is not to say smith ' s substance is a spoiled one. in tenet, smith tells us that problems develop when people believe beyond any incertitude that their insight into god and god ' s desires be higher ranking to anyone else ' s. basically, dogmatism is high risk. changing the minds of the dogmatic follow virtually impossible, and since the dogmatic believe that they have special brainstorm, they besides sleep with what is best for you, whether you like information technology or not. this is not exactly a new subject matter in movies (see inherit the wind ), just i get no problems with recycle older ones, particularly since tenet ' s demonstrator follow prove smith ' s point. kathryn elizabeth smith ' s own problem with delivering this substance is that atomic number 2 puzzle us over the head with information technology comparable we are reading a dogma for dumbbell book. simply this is smith ' s personality, and his simplistic views neglect such grownup issues as how does one interpret the bible (or al qur'an, etc.) correctly (oregon if there even exist a correctly) and how single settles conflict of heretofore dogmatic concerns. the account concerns miscarriage clinic worker bethany (linda fiorentino) being chosen by voice of god, metatron (alan rickman ), to keep the destruction of the universe by two fallen angels, bartleby (ben affleck) and angel of death, loki (matt damon ). along the way, forgotten thirteenth apostelic father, rufus (chris rock ), stripper muse serendipity (salma hayek ), and slacker duo jay and silent bob (jason mewes and kevin smith himself) come to bethany ' s economic aid. fallen muse, azrael (jason tsung dao lee ), proves to follow the behind - the - aspect manipulator for totally the chicanery. the lucid only twist around plot only exists as an alibi for the jokes and to pee pee smith ' s points, and in itself, has minuscule spectacular momentum. among the supposedly usurious claims gain by the film constitute that god is a cleaning woman, christ follow black, and the bible was written by a bunch of racist, misogynous blanched men. of course, kevin john smith does not needs subscribe to to these ideas himself. they are a metaphor for the fears and insecurity of the dogmatic. smith says every bit much in his amusing disavowal that precedes the movie. when harvey weinstein asked smith to put it into the flick before cannes, captain john smith cogitate information technology mightiness give establishment to protesters ' claims that the moving picture show was sacrilegious, but then he rethought information technology and turned the disavowal into a joke. the film ' s humour is scratchy. some parts are real funny as when bethany goes for a ardor asphyxiator when metatron spend a penny a burning - bush kind of entrance. only many of the film ' s joke just bomb, as in virtually anything involving salma hayek ' s serendipity. besides, some of the jokes tail live seen coming from a mile away. still, smith keeps the zingers coming at a sufficiently rapid step. among the actors, fiorentino and rickman stand come out by far. fiorentino most by herself kick in the film emotional weight. damon and affleck represent fairly lackluster. john rock and hayek exist in the film pretty lots solely as amusing relief as are mews and smith. but the latter duo menu practically better because jay and dumb bob, who recur in all of smith ' s movies, are much to a greater extent in subscriber line with smith ' s brand of humor. bud cort, george carlin, janeane garofalo, guinevere turner, and alanis morissette all get cameo appearances. 