wow! what a film. it ' s everything a motion picture can be: comic, spectacular, interesting, unearthly, comical, eldritch and strikingly original. yep that pretty much describes this movie. it starts out comparable a regular motion picture and ends astir be i of the weirdest, funniest most original movies i have ever seen. it boggles the intellect and some get to wonder wherefore we cannot get motion picture like this more often. besides personify one of the best films of the twelvemonth, represent john malkovich english hawthorn every bit well be one of the good movies ever. stop. then again on that point are thusly many good movies, that matchless cannot find fault an all time favorite. whoremaster cusack plays a puppeteer craig schwartz a man out of a job, in lookup of a business. his married woman angler fish schwartz who is played by a altogether un - noticeable cameron diaz world health organization looks like something off the street is an animal lover and has about every sort of brute you could think of. craig line up a job as a file at the sevener? trading floor of a commercial enterprise building. .. you have to pry open up the lift doors open before information technology reach floor eight, the 7? floor is just a trading floor between sevener and 8. atomic number 2 is charter by his 105 class old boss (orsen bean) to be a filer. in his role, helium discovers a small room access, to which was boarded up and hidden. to his wonder he opens information technology and set off to crawl toward it, helium and so gets sucked to the last and ends up in john malkovich ' reciprocal ohm mind. fifteen minutes afterwards helium is shot out onto the side of the young jersey turnpike. he returns to severalise his carbon monoxide gas - prole maxine (catherine keener) that helium receive found a portal that will lead him into john malkovich ' s thinker, she doesn ' t believe him but after she see it it changes her mind. lotte as well finds out about the portal vein and discovers that personify individual else comprise good after all. john malkovich of path has no idea what is going on, and by the end of this bizarre motion picture there be so many twists and twist, that we don ' deoxythymidine monophosphate know what really happened. john cusack is outstanding and utterly believeable in a part only helium himself could act as. helium fits the role dead and to me be brilliantly cast. cameron diaz be salient and utterly 1 of the world ' s nigh prettiest charwoman, is made upward here unnoticeable and very unattractive. she however give a very comic performance and this could well represent her best role to date. catherine keener is very funny and sexy as maxine and of course the best matter of the movie is the conjuration himself john malkovich who is real brilliant and this movie plays large time court? to the master himself. the solid group combine gives us a wonderfully laughable movie that is besides overbold and clever. spike heel jonze (triad kings) makes his mythical directing debut, and did a fantastic occupation of directing this new definitive moving picture show. he lets the viewer become on the trip as intimately as let the witness live they are watching a movie. by the time the ending range around my head exist spin from incredulity of how good this film was. the screenplay spell by charlie kaufman was screaming and often call up - provoking. the film also had a soft english to it and even though the end is very surprising information technology is likewise a picayune pitiful and heart - warming. the unanimous movie was fantastic and had me rolling in the islet. from cameron bartholomeu dias ' s appearence to john malkovich ' s exploration i laughed very hard, and it may as easily be as funny as as effective as it gets (the funniest! ). on that point isn ' t a slow point in the movie, beaver state an overused mind. there are no cliches except for the fact that this is the most original, inventie, witty, and impertinent moving picture show i ' ve seen in a tenacious meter. ace found myself gravel by everything: the counseling, act, compose and the whole idea of the movie. by the ending i had to wonder why hollywood doesn ' t want to make movie same this anymore. or wherefore they don ' thyroxine. all filmmakers watch this movie and catch some ideas of film to come out. this was a surprisal hit as was american smasher. ' be john malkovich ' is in the top 5 movies of the year, and in the top 10 best film ever made. information technology has something that no other movies playing instantly has. in fact information technology may equally well be the best movie out flop right away. i highly recommend ' be john malkovich ' and take no doubts you volition be let down. 