the latest epos from lars is a flak, although a rather helen wills unrivalled. this lovestory represent locate in a little townsfolk in the raspy disconsolate cliffs in the vestern part of scotland in the 1970 something. the church (calvinistical) is so strict that the church service bell has equal removed from the clocktower, they are considered be too unrestrained. in these surroundings we see the to - be - midweek jan and bess, played by stellan skarsgaard and the singular newfangled movie actress emily john broadus watson. january is on leave from the drilling rig and beryllium.. be simply bess, a bit naif and innocent (in every expression of the word ), at first. at the marry company we be told an anecdote, illustrating her infinite benignity, she one time lend a wheel to an stranger, her good friends bike notwithstanding. simply bess is suffer in this scary religious society. we soon take part in a funeral where a man, fall turned the orthodox path, is laid to take a breather while doomed to hell. charwoman are non take into account to attend funerals or speak up in the church. when the remnant of the honeymoon approaches we see bess idolizing january in such an intend, almost frenzied, that her acquaintance try to calm her down a bit. the time has come when jan is to give to the trucking rig, bess is falling into the darkness of depression, her yelling of sorrow and sorrow are heard above the breakage of the wave. she can ' t stand the thought of life without her married man. we witness her dialogues with graven image (she speaks both parts, paranoia? ) convert immortal to return jan from the drilling rig, and her prayers are take heed. an accident on the rig bring him back, paralysed from the cervix and down. now he can ' t satisfy her need for physical beloved, helium render to sway her into incur a lover, with the ulterior motive to make her describe these involvement to him in every detail. at maiden she resist, but her love for january and his assurance that this will make him recuperate more rapidly make her comply. imagine what this is suffice to the misfortunate lady friend? the story be cleverly divided into eight chapters parted by beautiful moving picture show create by danish artist per kirkeby, keep company by medicine from the era; procol harum, deep purpleness, t - king and others. the use of hired hand - held television camera and lack of any shuffle - up arrive at the characters solid and help to separate this picture from others in the sentimental music genre. the unbelievable operation from the thespian make the movie brilliant, though a bit too gloomy for my taste. single would tell that it personify in the genre of betty blue (37. 2 le matin) and virulent moon (lunes de fiel ). emily watson as bess and katrin cartlidge as her best friend dodo deliver outstanding performances, this must embody the reason for giving it the " grand prix du jury " in cannes this class (although we had hoped for the " palme d ' or " ). the screenplay personify now available in print, the transmutation be make in the period from ultimo may to july, just in clip for the danish premiere. 