pulp fabrication, quentin tarantino ' s uneasily wait and superb follow - upward to reservoir frankfurter, is absolutely and without a doubt progressing as one of the most talked about, loved, and hated films of all - time. in all fairness, it should be note that those who get laid this film greatly outnumber those world health organization hate information technology. as if reservoir weenie wasn ' t perfect, quentin jerome tarantino pop off ahead and improved on flawlessness by creating pulp fable, a fast - paced, hard talking, roller coaster ride of a movie that combines fierceness and over the top dialogue in a seemingly perfect way. every major reference in this film is be by a terrific behave operation by the actor. to start with, the two hit men: vincent lope felix de vega carpio (john travolta) and jules winnfield (samuel lambert. jackson ). these two characters work together absolutely, and the operation by each player are near everlasting. travolta, in fact, is yet trying to get proscribed of the vincent vega role. if these two characters be not plenty, there ' s the struggle pugilist butch coolidge (bruce thomas willis ), the two small - time criminals pumpkin (tim philip roth) and love bunny (amanda plummer ), the big man in charge marsellus wallace (ving rhames) and his attractive young wife mia (uma thurman ), and the " problem solver " himself, the wolf (harvey keitel ). these are precisely the major characters. smaller roles, but equally terrific, are handed to jimmie (quentin tarantino ), a unseasoned married man world health organization gets caught up in some serious gangster business, lance (eric stoltz ), the far - out drug dealer, as well as maynard (duane whitaker) and zed (peter greene ), 2 hillbillies who are the men " behind " (no pun intended for those of you world health organization have seen this) a very disturbing scene towards the end of the plastic film. the film interweaves trine narration that, at first, look to be nothing likewise but later prove to be very critical to each other. the cinema begins with autumn pumpkin and honey bunny rabbit in a small coffee tree store discussing their recent robbery and hold - ups. the ii quickly decide to hold upward the coffee bean workshop, unknowing of what rest ahead. after this, the motion picture focuses for some time on vincent and jules and their hit man modus vivendi. utilise the photographic film unforgettable dialogue, the two manpower discuss such things as hamburgers and foot massage before they wear out into an apartment to terrorise the occupier. the deuce men were institutionalize to the apartment to regain a mysterious briefcase for their knob, marsellus wallace. after essentially play with the men, especially the inauspicious brett (outspoken whaley ), vincent and jules complete their mission and recoup the briefcase. this is non before a adult male jumps verboten from a bathroom with a. 357 " hand carom ", shooting at the 2 gangsters. he somehow whole misses them, leading jules to cite divine intervention. this is likewise the basis for more than of the now - famous quentin tarantino talks. the film and so shifts to focus on pugilist butch coolidge and his boxing escapade. butch was ordered to assume a fall in his in vogue fighting, simply when he does not, marsellus vows to find him, wherever he is, and make sure that butch is non capable to enjoy his novel fortune. vincent, meanwhile, has the honor of taking marsellus ' wife, mia, out on a appointment while the big man is verboten of townspeople. vincent, evidently, is sooner anxious about this, especially after hearing the narrative astir a man who constitute thrown knocked out of a window for supposedly giving mia a foot massage. after their date, which seems to kind of smoothly, matter take a turn for the worst at the hands of vincent ' s mellow - priced diacetylmorphine, nickname a " monster " by spear. each story continually work up, and unexampled and amazing outcome occur. eventually, the history all cope with each former in the end, with pumpkin and love bunny girl holding up the restaurant, which go on to contain both vincent and jules. pulp fiction is emphatically one of the best film of the decade, and perhaps of all - metre. along with its superb dialogue, action, committal to writing, directing, and acting, this film will non only latch onto you, but information technology proves that it does non want to release you until it has sunk its claws totally into you. and with most fans of this picture show, this be prove to be a rather promiscuous job, although at times the pictorial image, violence, and language may appear a bit overpowering. sure, quentin quentin tarantino ' s celebrity exist greatly escalate by this flick, and he proves not to be 1 who will fade from existence very presently. 