it ' s been a good long while since we had a good one time fashioned thriller, where mostly everything goes right for the hearing and wrong for the characters, but it ' s been even longer since iodin saw a thriller that actually * shock * cared for the characters, not merely gauge them but in reality allowed their human foibles, fault, and strength to emerge so radiantly. unity ' viosterol saw that it ' s been at least a match x, even as far back to the great hitchcock thrillers, though i ' m barely comparing " a unsubdivided plan " to, say, " rear window " or " strangers on a train. " yet it ' s well nigh as good. it ' s simple, yet strangely complex, and astonishingly rewarding, because instead of moving from patch point to plot point, and merely laying out they - might - be - caught partial tone, information technology instead concerns itself with the moral corruption and depths of avaritia that information technology admirer can go to, all without ever judging them as either evil or even immoral. elegantly directed by sam raimi (yes, the same ), " a simple plan " concerns itself with the discovery of a crashed aeroplane and within a bag broad of 1000000 of dollars by an upright, moderately financially stable working man (bill paxton ), his subdued - witted brother (billy bob william thornton ), and his drinking buddy (brent briscoe ). without anyone around, and the possible action that no one would come seem for it, the three debate and debate but finally reach the decision that yes, they will keep it, but until any authorities or possible owners of the hard currency seminal fluid looking, and hence they generally don ' t flaunt anything they put on ' t want to flaunt, they ' ll keep it stored away in the custody of paxton. the possibilites of this circumstance are much diverse: a) they could unendingly play cat and computer mouse with the authorities; b) they could hear to agitate off the rightful owners, who comprise either nefarious or just; or c) they could defend amongst themselves. " a simple programme, " though borrows a little from each of these. a short bickering with the cops here, a subplot involve an alleged fbi federal agent (a cooling gary kale) on that point ), and a bit of inside feuding over here. simply, as austin ability would say, that ' s not necessarily information technology bag (babe ). what i most admired about this photographic film, and what establish this a far superscript and unique thriller is that it ' s successfully able to have its cake and eat information technology too. it effectively involves some of the traditional thriller cliches, like the ones mention above, but at the same time, it involves itself more deeply with the way the characters become morally corrupted and what leontyne price they experience to pay to deliver what they opine is happiness in a black duffle travelling bag. so while steps are taken to neatly cover things upward, and these subsequent steps go miserably awry, the film choses to ne'er loose the sight that in covering thing up to the extent that these characters have to, they are easy lose their souls and their humanity. in one early scene, paxton and thornton experience to make a trip back to the plane to return some of the money so it doesn ' t look like it was all stolen (not a sorry idea ), when thornton screws astir (as he do continuously throughout the movie ), and paxton has to do some major covering - up (understand: homicide ). instead of a quick murder and immeadiate hand - washing, raimi shows a lengthy, painful shot from a low - angle onto sir joseph paxton ' s look as he tries to strain through his emotion and attain a finish. there ' s a similar shot afterwards of paxton find out the murder he ' s committing and taking in completely the horror which be also wonderfully efficient, but the previous shot be yet better: more morally complex and to a greater extent gut - wrenching. in little, probably the best piece of direction raimi ' s e'er done, demonstrating once again that sometimes the simplest way to do something yields the best results (for further proof, vigil " part " ' south " sex scene " and witness what may exist the best scene ingmar bergman ' s ever practise ). but the film hardly break hither; it follows completely through and seldom lose sight of it characters mankind and the depletion thereof. yet it also moves from step to step in such a refined method acting that we never experience same the film exist merely stamping come out the plot points of the story. when the time comes for paxton to start becoming selfish and thus satanic (with attention from his significant married woman, played by bridget fonda, a pal to raimi ), he does, and presently the horror of the situation is escalating to tragic high. there ' s at least two idealistic shootouts, and at least one of them may be unrivaled of the bully gunplay in cinema history, and when they arrive, they don ' t come with masochistic pleasure but with cringe - inducing revulsion. during the one and only, i be really sinking into my chairperson, with the mantra " they can ' t do this, can they? " streeming through my pass. in fact, this film, which is getting many comparisons to the coen ' southward [superior, but forget about it] " fargo, " has many standardised moments of manic insanity, attributed to the major amount of subtlety and restraint with which the directors direct what, in other hands, would be over - the - top distractedness (imagine, 1 think, robert rodriguez organise this. .. then again, after seeing the " evil deadened " films, i ' d hardly seize raimi would be able bodied to pull something alike this off, although there are moments of the film which be easily dubbed " raimi " moments, a rifle - shot notwithstanding ). instead, raimi directs with maturity and a soft touch, easily letting the story and characters co - exist, while still letting some of the to a greater extent traditional raimi elements get forbidden, like some offbeat comic tactile sensation. most particularly, billy bob william thornton ' s graphic symbol, francois jacob, be a brilliant creation. his dim - wittedness is often hilarious (for most of the moving picture, every line he uttered was greet with howling laughter ), but in that respect ' s legitimacy to the performance that strangely enough makes sure that we ' re not totally laughing at him. the chortle he gets be not necessarily ones of full - condescension because william thornton is so damn actual. jacob ' s a multi - dimensional character, and while be stupid, we visualize that as non so much a flaw, but a specialty to his character: his simplicity is endearing and many of the acts he commits are out of a strong inner speciality and belief system of rules, primarily towards the middle where his bud and colorado - conspirator begins to make some cloggy waves concerning the money. the final third of the plastic film spends much time with him, and many of the touches upon his role, not only by thornton but as well by film writer scott b vitamin. ian douglas smith (adapting his own book, by the direction) are just great. i particularly admired a back story astir an old high school lady friend, tell by thornton with such earnestness and acception that the fell story is reversed to near - bouquet and further speciality of his saddened character. thornton is absolutely brilliant in this carrying out, by far the best performance he ' s ever given and further proof that he ' s the best character actor in present day cinema (if you don ' t believe me, go back and watch his wonderful performance in " primary colors, " a performance that would have been nominated for an oscar if this hadn ' t be in the same year) because he ' s easily capable to slip into a role, and make him completely and utterly believable. he brings so much weight to the photographic film that, as it is with most grapheme actors, it ' s unmanageable picture anyone else in the purpose. the rest of the cast is great excessively, from joseph paxton ' atomic number 16 declining working man to chelcie betsy ross ' amiable town sheriff. still fonda shows off her talents nicely. and if i had any complaints about the motion picture show, it ' s that the plot is almost too simplistic, and that at fourth dimension, it seems too much same an exercise, similar a cruel examination on human race that still pays attention to the humanity affect. and the occasional narration is, as it usually be, annoying (narration should embody used with extreme carefulness, especially when you ' re trying to set thing up and / or express emotions - didn ' t raimi see the first murder scene? ). and, the thing that can most unremarkably fail incorrect with a movie, the ending personify basically awry. 1 won ' t reveal it, merely it ' s agency likewise cruel and too much of an outsider jell - up, as if the visual aspect of a plane wasn ' t already excessively much of that anyway. for a picture that look at thusly much and so intimately with the humanity of the case involved, this is the amiss cease. imagine a character - controlled cease; otherwise, it ' siemens like if in " crime and punishment " if the police force had catch him instead of him breaking down and confessing. .. not that 1 ' m at all equate " a simple plan " to dostoevsky. the ending do oeuvre, despite my protestations, but to me, in that location was something incessantly nagging and unsatisfying about it; but if you had no qualms and were happy as a one dollar bill with it, then just ignore maine and go about your day. but despite my mere claims, make no mistake that i was completely and utterly edge of my seat throughout, and even sometimes clot up by the situation that occured, not because of any kind of gore cistron (which is, thankfully for this, very minimal ), but because the flick places its character in situations and gives them such painful things to overcome that i ' ve frankly not seen lots like it in quite awhile. at least non since the previous desirable hitchcockian masterpiece. 