billed as a " feminist sex phantasy ", this spirited, inventive and thoroughly engaging plastic film by the award - gain ground canadian director artemis kenneth roberts, is destined for uttermost reactions. camille paglia enthusiasts testament no doubt maven this essence - felt taradiddle of the title character bubbles galore (nina hartley ), a porn - actress - turned - porn - producer world health organization faces an uphill battle in her quest for intimate and economic independency. even so, those in the andrea dworkin camp, volition no doubt loathe the film ' entropy unquestionably pro - porn stance. political considerations by, all the same, this is a delightful sapphic love story as the film takes us on a whirlwind tour of bubbles ' romantic entanglements with a naive and vestal young porn starlet dory shorts (shauny sacristan ). in the backdrop, even so follow bubble ' loyal helper vivian klitorsky (tracy frances wright) who pines longingly for the affections of her bubbly boss. this femme - dyke - femme triangle be what provides the picture show with considerable humanity * and * sensuality. in addition to the romantic expression of the story, bubbles is be stalked and terrorized by her passee - boyfriend godfrey mt (daniel macivor ), a worthless porn mogul who wish to make her life as miserable as he can possibly make information technology. when his programme to sabotage her latest motion picture gloaming through, he snaps and psychotically decides to kill her. these legal proceeding comprise preside over by a most heavenly presence. god herself - yes, in the world of this film, god, be most decidedly a " her " - and a chorus of undulating, scantily - clad angels, have their most watchful and lustful eye on the events as they unfold, add a lovely fantasy chemical element to this frothy concoction. this undimmed, colourful and deliriously sexy film is chock - wide of great performances. make her dramatic debut, after appearing in over 300 triple go adult film, porn star nina hartley takes command of her role with considerable confidence and a silver screen presence which put many other contemporary ' straight ' actresses to dishonor. hartley hold consuming ace great power, and one wonders why other non - triplex - x producers haven ' t used her bountiful talents. it constitute also interesting to take note that hartley appears in the recent release of " boogie woogie nights ", a film which take a far more traditional day of reckoning - and - gloom approaching to the porn industry. cause a cameo appearance in the persona of god, former porn actress annie sprinkling, a true artist in her own right - hand the entire film an earthy, animal glow and sure solidifies and, by her very appearance, downright justifies the themes of the movie. the other performances are as substantial. book of the prophet daniel macivor suitably masticate upward the scenery as the nefarious godfrey and tracy wright lends able support with her complex role. shauny sacristan, an titillating terpsichorean and tholepin - up model, makes an impressive screen debut. overall, house of cards galore is a moving picture show which wear it politics on its sleeve and very proudly indeed. at one pointedness, the title character hold that " instead of trying to write women from the sex trade, we should be work to ensure that the sexual urge deal is a safe piazza for women to work ". the centering by artemis roberts is daring and subversive. roberts equal not afraid to immerse the otherwise straight - ahead and simple narrative into go and highly avant - garde montage sequence. the making love scenes between the women are especially beautiful. the musical score by nicholas stirling portmanteau cool jazz and waiting room stylings, while the skilful cinematography by harald bachmann superbly captures a blend of trashy 70 ' s smut and psychedelia. surprisingly, this film appears to suffer received a good deal of its support from a variety of canadian government cultural agencies. this speaks volume towards the importance of state funding for culture, as one cannot imagine such an entertaining, original and life sustaining film being made in a traditional setting where conformity and formula normal the clarence shepard day jr.. bubbles galore seems to make up making the film festival round and make out non, at present, appear to take any traditional dispersion in place, so observe your eye on the alternative film listings for this one. information technology ' s funny, sexy and subversive. and information technology shouldn ' t be missed. 