it is with hesitance that ace phone " apocalypse forthwith " a masterpiece. surely, information technology had the pedigree to be 1 of the greatest film ever made, with a director bang for producing masterpieces with ease, and some of the fine actors of the 1970 ' southward. the plot, an adaption of joseph teodor josef konrad korzeniowski ' s " heart of swarthiness ", was place in vietnam, and the timing of the film be supposed to be brilliant, coming on the dog of the end of the war. " apocalypse " certainly has its second, some of which constitute the hunky dory in film account. the plot make up fairly simple. captain frances elizabeth caroline willard (sheen ), comprise a turbulent soldier who arrive back to hanoi for a 2nd tour of duty. his mission comprise simple: call for a sauceboat up to kampuchean territorial dominion, and destroy the command of renegade colonel kurtz (brando) " with extreme prejudice ". along the way, willard runs into a series of adventures, including one with lt. gap. kilgore (duvall ), and a unusual encounter with playboy bunny rabbit. willard ' s quatern somebody crew finally make it to kurtz ' compound, where helium discovers kurtz has set himself up as a god among the indigene. frances elizabeth caroline willard ' s experience with kurtz demand upwards the last half - hour, with a confrontation and eventual ending. the pic is visually breathtaking. the struggle scenes be fine done, and the score is brilliant, set a murky mood of dark that is first - pace. the collage of interrupt images that coppola nowadays is at times both astonishing and sickening. the vast measure of detail poured into every war scene is sensational, and there be many episode that are deeply muscular which resonate done the intact movie. the journey to kurtz ' cantonment is quite a ride, with psychosis set in on almost every persona. the nigh interesting one live kilgore, the lt. gap. world health organization cares more astir the surf than about the mission. it be at times churn up, psychotic, and incredible, and information technology is unrivaled inferno of a movie. the scenes equal bluff, inventive, and powerful, and the acting is sandbag, specially follow sheen, duvall, and fishburne. the narration constitute exquisite, as is the mystery story of kurtz. coppola hardening about a hallucinatory drive through vietnam, kind of alike " save private ryan " on lsd. the film be jarring in its implications, and psychotic in its carrying into action. the problems come when the cinema slow down down. peerless of the major vista in the film, where the boat arrives at the final army checkpoint before they protrude their search for kurtz, is a colossal kettle of fish. the dialogue comprise confusing, the lighting be atrocious, and the scene drags on for x terrible hour of film. the true problems materialize after the crew serve come into the kurtz compound. the film slow downwardly to a drag. sheen seems forever beguile by a madman, make for by brando live a lazy performance that is not deserving of the award it have. brando be in the film for no more than than 15 minutes, merely be bathed in shadow the entire clip, making the last half hour of the film visually pathetic. the conniption constitute poorly make, the dialogue be mute, and the whole mickle is utterly confusing beyond all belief. sheen seem to adore this man, just why the viewers are never told. the entire journey is suppose to be a prelude for a arresting entrance of this god - like kurtz, but the scenes come way shortsighted of outlook. granted, information technology has its moment, which be brutally horrific, but the world wide feeling represent one of confusion. brando mumbles his lines in a incoherent stir, and my feeling represent that this could never be a great man, this could ne'er be a world who cheer hundreds to follow him, indeed why do they manage it? there follow moments of grandeur, simply the visual confusion dilutes the might of the scene. in that location are too many questions give unanswered with the part of kurtz to have a satisfying ending. the o.k. scene at the end is sheen ' s escape valve, and his entrace into the temple. his rise out of the body of water, with the smoke coming off of his plastered head, be a brainy 30 seconds of film. yet, you cannot shake the touch sensation that there be indeed much more this film could stimulate done. the psychotic ride is unforgettable at times, and so the film on the whole is very full. it be a stunningly flawed reflexion of cinema, for information technology address major issues, such as man ' s genial stamina during bouts of war. but one however cannot shake the feeling that this film could deliver then much more powerful, have the character of kurtz cost to a greater extent explored, and induce sheen truly succumbed to the fate that the viewer guess he was destined for. in that respect is overly much good stuff in hither not to make up called a masterpiece, but it could have been indeed much more rewarding. 