precis: in phantom threat the galax is divided into power groups whose interests will needs collide in later subsequence. on that point be an overarching astronomical joined nations - type organization called the senate presided by a weak chancellor. within the u.s. senate two camps are at odds: a spat, isolationist alliance called the democracy and their belligerent rival the trade federation. preserving law and order are a council of jedi knights who are meanwhile searching for a prophesied elect one of virgin giving birth. manipulating event behind the scene is a dangerous, reemerging clan called the darkness lords of sith, so shadowy and closemouthed that they make up a " phantom " menace. jedi dub qui - gon jinn (liam neeson) and his apprentice obi - wan kenobi (ewan mcgregor) find an invasion of teenage queen amidala ' s dwelling house planet naboo and befriend a gungan named jar jar (ahmed best ). on the desert major planet of tatooine the two jedi, jar jar, and amidala (natalie portman) advert a protracted drag race involving the young boy anakin skywalker (jake harold clayton lloyd ). the five protagonists try to court assistant for freeing naboo by visiting the metropolis planet of coruscant where a lot of debate and political maneuvering takes station. can they free amidala ' s helpless major planet? opinion: on tv last night i see untested, wannabe celebs pay $ 400 a ticket and come running out of theaters to savor in front of news cameras, gushing with testimonials of the phantom menace ' south greatness in exchange for a few second of be on home tv. given this kind of media passion i wondered if phantom threat, the most awaited movie of 1999, could possibly live astir to the sinful hoopla that come before it. do phantom menace gibe the exaggerated hype? managing director george iii george lucas answers, " it ' s only a movie. " to me, any moving picture with russian - sounding accents for speculative guys, jamaican accent for good guys, and middle eastern - sounding accents for seedy gambler accents can exist expect to cost more tongue in impertinence than profound. visually, star war: sequence iodin - - the phantom menace (1999) is a kid show where parent can consider their young ones to marvel at child - friendly cgi characters and wondrous backcloth even if the part dialogue (for the most part geopolitics) be beyond the level of children. it represent left to parents to patiently explain the conversation: droid stock, family lineage, the definition of term same blockade, calming, federation, confederation, symbiosis, satellite - control robots et cetera. at least this much be clear: there ' s plenitude of optic candy, and in the last place few minutes it ' s good guys and joe camel lookalikes versus a caped, horned red devil graphic symbol and his mechanical hordes. weaknesses: weaknesses dwell in the writing and in the carrying into action. at first it seem like the film is to be an invasion story, simply then phantom take an hour - long detour to breed unmatchable chariot race before returning to the encroachment theme. this dilutes the central taradiddle. to boot, smaller scene seem pen ego consciously, as if they were added more to fill us in on extraneous background information for early motion picture show rather than form an constitutional part of the present picture show. oldtimer actors liam neeson and ewan mcgregor noticeably outperform the other acting leads. better ensemble chemistry between the five lead and background information that be central to a tight story line could have made hold given phantom strong performance and storytelling punch. intensity level: on the bright side specter menace as a big - budget production is far onward of the challenger in terms of making capricious animate being, worlds and vehicle appear real. the film boasts doctor, top - of - the - furrow visuals and calibre exotic costume, a musical grade entertaining enough to stomach alone, and triad worthwhile sequences in the second one half. keister line? seeing the film is entertaining and illuminating, like a visual root word park with whizz wars filler information service as dialogue between impressive money shot. we be bound to be completely inundated by star wars publicity, music and tie - indium for the next few months. 