directed by: pixote hunt, hendel butoy, eric reuben lucius goldberg, st. james the apostle algar, francis glebas, gaetan & paul brizzi conducted by: james levine composed by: ludwig van beethoven, ottorino respighi, george gershwin, dmitri shostakovich, camille paragon - saens, paul dukas, sir edward elgar, igor stravinsky rated: g scripture reference: 1 samuel 16: 23, ephesians 5: 19, ace chronicles 15: xv - 16 in 1940, walt disney let go of a filmed experiment. fantasia be a blend of two prowess form: classical music and animation. while it exist non right away democratic with the audiences of its day, it has since become recognized as something of a classic. fit in to the program government note, it was mr. disney ' s intention to have fantasia be a continual study in progress. sixty years by and by, thanks to the ongoing efforts of walt ' s nephew, a new fantasia is be released. information technology was not only worth the waiting, it be grounds to just how far animation has fare during the past half - decade. with seven fresh succession and one old favorite, fantasia 2000 exhibit an imagination and respect for its art form that be absent from most other feature films. like the original, fantasia 2000 will to a greater extent than in all probability bore the very young, although there is more narrative appeal in this new version and the segment appear to be substantially shorter, perhaps a nod to the shorter attention distich of the studio ' s primary hearing. array from the lightheaded to the sublime, each segment is preface by a little, humorous introduction or interstitial by a guest celebrity legion, steve martin (bowfinger) being the first and near efficacious. these are quickly forgotten as director henry james levine leads the chicago philharmonic orchestra through the musical programme which, along with the images drawn by the disney team of animators, is thoughtfully and beautifully brought to a arresting synthetic thinking. fantasia 2000 is being released exclusively in the giant - test imax field of operations, work for a unparalleled showing experience. there be decent motley in the program to provide something enjoyable for everyone and certainly, people volition exit the theatre with their own personal favorites. for me, that would have to be the malarky age story of four unconnected and discontent citizenry living in nyc world health organization, unknowingly, aid each former realize their dreams. drawn in the style of caricaturist al al hirschfeld and inspired by george gershwin ' s rhapsody in blueing, the music and icon are blended perfectly lead in a product greater than the sum of its two portion. children testament like the short piece set to funfair of the brute by camille saint - saens. here, a goofy looking flamingo nettle the rest of the mint with his yo - yo playing antics. they will also titter as donald duck's egg, playing noah ' s supporter, tries to load the animals into the ark of the covenant to the intimate strains of pomp and circumstance by sir edward elgar. ( while the depiction is not biblically accurate, information technology is entertaining and mightiness cost excuse decent to familiarize ourselves with the true record by record what is write in genesis 7. ) a overconfident note is that the studio consume ward off any segment which is as perversely dark as nihgt on bald mountain upon which the original film ended. there are some images based upon fantasy such as the flying whales in respighi ' s pines of rome or images which have their roots in mythology such as the ethereal wight which tell the story of nature ' s cycle of animation, death, and rebirth in igor igor fyodorovich stravinsky ' s firebird suite. but the storey they tell are uplifting, take nothing as well frightening for our young children. the colored segment, spiritually speaking, actually belongs to the lone hangover from the original fantasia, mickey shiner in the sorcerer ' s learner by paul the apostle dukas. just overall, the emotions evoked from fantasia 2000 are positive i, being full of bob hope and hope. euphony has an impact which butt be undeniably feel, capable of leading the auditor to emotional peaks and inspirational highs simply not attainable through with early mediums. it be no wonder that the levite, as the priestly tribe of the honest to god testament, were also the appointed player. if fantasia 2000 follow able to introduce a new audience to music which inspires and exalts, it will ingest perform an unbelievable service. 