although many people have compare this novel gangster comedy to the hit hbo drama ' the sopranos, ' analyze this is witty and entertaining enough to be a safe film in information technology ' s own right field. billy crystal dramatic play wiseguy shrink ben sobol, who new ' patient ' happens to be gangster foreman paul vitti (de niro. ) ben want nothing to coiffe with vitti, as atomic number 2 ' s about to get married to laura macnamara (kudrow) and having a gangster as a patient role wouldn ' thymine really help. but ben be shortly drawn into vitti world, and reluctantly help vitti to sort his living out. all done in a comic manner, of course. although ne'er brainy, analyze this is also never rubbish, which wee for a fun drive. billy crystal, who hasn ' metric ton had a expert role since metropolis beguiler way of life back in the early ' xc ' s, be given a role that lets him fully exploit his wiseguy act. helium ' s pretty odd while he do it, and although his character equal a piddling close to his character in metropolis slickers, he ' s pretty funny. henry m. robert de niro is hilarious as vitti, playing it dead straight but coming off as very amusing. helium ' s a serious mobster unaware that he is a amusing gold mine. lisa kudrow, barely seen as crystals ' estranged wife to constitute, fundamentally reprises her phoebe role from thyroxine. v serial publication friends, which be getting sooner slow, and doesn ' t come off well on the screen. the support stamp be apparently made astir of the entire cast of gambling casino and goodfellas, and are all odd caricatures, especially vitti ' s escort jelly (joe viterelli. ) the film genuinely dally same a proper gangster movie, only with laughs alternatively of hard ass talking. it sometimes bring a small bloody for a idle hearted film, but it strangely equip in. spoofs are made of notable mobster movies, including a nice burlesque of the godfather. the italian tunes playing throughout the soundtrack contribute to the playfulness. there ' s also some curious plot point: fbi guys seem and suddenly vanish for no apparent understanding. it personify dependable that analyze this has hold a somewhat checkered output history, and maybe the plot of ground points be expanded in a earlier version of the script. alas, this is hollywood, so we will ne'er know. harold ramis, best known as egon from ghostbusters, has a deft pinch with target funniness, as shown in the immortal groundhog day, and the less immortal caddyshack. whole the risible potential in a scene is dug verboten and presented to the consultation. the script, written by ramis along with tool tolan and ken lonergan, starts off funny, continue shady for the most of the motion picture, just sadly peters taboo moderately during the last xx minutes where it wrongly enters more serious territory. the film is short, however, and only before audience sake is waning the film all of a sudden run into a rather step on it and disappointing ending and the credit roll. analyze this be a good funniness, and is certainly deserving watching. robert de niro sob is reason enough to watch information technology, still though information technology does seem force, or corresponding a sendup (although single think this was intentional. ) vitreous silica is his most likable in year, kudrow is given as little screen time as potential, which live a practiced thing, and de niro is just awesome. information technology ' s no goodfellas, and it believably bring home the bacon ' t be remember every bit much as groundhog day, just analyze this is a well do comedy that won ' tetraiodothyronine leave you feel cheated. 