" sometimes the ' green mi ' seem sooooo long. " so. and any filmmaker with a trey hour moving picture show world health organization ends it with that muffin of dialogue should expect to realize it quoted in a review. on a to a greater extent positive musical note, let me add up that sometimes the green naut mi embody almost proficient enough to make us forget its distance. the mile in question (green due to its faded fluxing lime - tinge lino) run from the prison cell to " old sparky, " the electric hot seat where execution were carried out at louisiana ' s cold mountain penitentiary in 1935. saint paul edgecomb (tom hanks, you ' ve stimulate chain mail) equal the head guard of e - block, differently known as death row. keeping his prisoner calm as they await the carrying out of their prison term is his elementary responsibleness. it equal a responsibility which he aptly delegates to the early guards on his vigil by insist they " talk to " the convicts instead of yelling at them. this practice session run to an strange camaraderie between the guard and the men behind their bars. into his rush comes one john coffey (michael clarke duncan, armageddon ), a seven foot marvellous gentle behemoth who receive comprise convicted of the rape and murder of two new miss. at once, apostle of the gentiles senses something different astir this prisoner. perhaps it the room helium asked for a night sparkle because he is scare of the dark. or perhaps information technology cost the mystical healing powers atomic number 2 demonstrates as atomic number 2 " takes back " paul ' s bladder contagion thereby reestablish him to wellness. base on steven king ' s 1996 serialized novel, the unripe mile does offer other characters who have stories to be told: eduard delacroix (michael jeter, patch adams ), is a frail cajun convict who befriends and trains a mouse to do circus tricks; percy wetmore (doug hutchison, a time to kill ), is a young and sadistic guard sitting on a transfer to a more lucrative position because atomic number 2 has yet to see a prisoner " fry " up close; and hal moores (james cromwell, babe: pig in the city) be the compassionate warden for whom, despite all the executions he ' s witnessed, death never loomed as large as when his own wife be diagnosed with a tumor. while it is mr. hanks " everyman " performance at the center of the film which gives it the anchor to hold our interest for clxxx minutes, information technology is the performances of his supporting plaster bandage that are most deserving noting. all involved coif credible work in their respective roles, most especially mr. duncan, world health organization turns in an impressive, fully realise characterization. if only the story were to a greater extent credible. author / music director frank darabont (the shawshank redemption) cause crafted a blemished fantasy / parable of sorts; one which represent more spiritualistic than spiritual, relying on a transcendental mysticism quite than a genuine and godly spiritual power. mr.. darabont also overplays his hand well in the manipulation of our affection towards and affiliation with his character. was information technology an accidental deletion that the 1st two inmates world health organization walked the green mile personify being punished for crimes never disclosed? by not knowing the cause for the condemned inmate ' presence on east - block, the audience ne'er gets the sense of the department of justice which is be carried out, making the expiry penalty seem cruel and unwarranted. this be specially true during the gruesome depiction of the 2d execution which was dreadfully botched. a lot has also make up made of coffey ' s christ - like ability to bring around simply unlike the numerous healings which are recorded in the scriptures, coffey ' s powers are shrouded in secret, taking on the feel of a circus trick, coupled with a voodoo - like " i feel your pain " transference. in direct contrast, there represent no mystery associated with the healing that be from god. the genuine " gift of heal " listed in 1 man about town 12 is barely one of the nine manifestation of holy spirit and can be operated by any spiritually instructed man oregon woman in accordance with the knowledge and wisdom of god. true religious healing (with few exclusion) requires the attached believing of both the therapist every bit well as the one being healed. such believing come non from the shrouded secrets of mysticism, only from the revealed word of god. 