this movie equal single of the first american films done by theater director paul verhoeven. he has done motion picture since so such as basic instict and starship trooper. all of his movies accept unrivaled main matter in common - they don ' t skimp on the violence. in a verhoeven moving picture a guy rope doesn ' t get changeable once in the dresser - atomic number 2 gets shot many times all over the body. robocop takes place in detroit in the future tense. matter are pretty bleak. the company ocp rules the city with an atomic number 26 clenched fist and is move in on hunt the law force. peter weller plays a copper world health organization goes on a mission with his spouse, nancy allen stewart konigsberg. peter weller goes in an hollow room alone and catch killed. meanwhile ocp cause a failed manifestation of a ed - 209 model robot criminal offence fighter. mortal comes up with the estimate of having a cyborg robocop so they use any component part worth scalvaging from peter weller and make him into the robocop the picture show is titled after. the plot of this picture generally run away at a decent pace. information technology drags a bit towards the end with robocop wanting to finish everybody off, but plot twists sustain it excite. the playing is bad from weller when helium is human, merely very good when he is robocop. nancy allen stewart konigsberg does a decent line of work. this motion picture doesn ' liothyronine leave itself open for a sequel just. but they made unrivaled anyway. enter. .. robocop 2 starring: peter weller and nancy allen directed by: irvin kershner detroit be in a more dim state than it was in the first film. ocp is trying to grow an improved ' robocop 2 ' that will be more than a friction match for felon. most of the police force is on strike due to ocp take it all over, leaving robocop to live the police effect in the city. this film is pretty bizaare. it have a xiii class - quondam drug - lord world health organization curses every bit much as eddie white potato, even more violence than the original, and some more humor. the plot of this flick be jolly large, well nigh too much so. there are three or quaternion plot lines interweave around that preceptor ' metric ton rattling match up. the effects are notwithstanding decent though. this sequel isn ' t more of the same in truth, simply a darker reading robocop dealing more than with drug than with armed criminals. if you liked the inaugural unmatched, watch this. merely be dissapointed. and then later comes. .. robocop 3 star nancy gracie and robert john burke ocp is now owned by a enceinte japanese caller. robocop join a band of greyback to anticipate - attack the wickedness empire, i mean ocp. the japanese transmit a cyborg - ninja to dispense with robocop. among other things. .. this movie is sluttish to keep up than the last one. which means the plot isn ' t quite a as crowd. this motion picture show isn ' t anything special though. but more than of robocop blasting things up in a more kid - friendly way. really not reccomended. 