plot: during a ten - week span in london in the gloaming of 1888, jack the ripper, a man whose identity be never uncovered, intrust five ritualistic, ghastly slaying of working girl. this film is base on the graphic novel which assemble a possibility behind the century - honest to goodness mystery. critique: awesome! i jazz dark motion picture show, i love stylish movies, 1 roll in the hay good mysteries and 1 love johnny depp. .. so yes, one really comprehend this movie! the edward james hughes sidekick make up back with a payback, out to show the world that they are manager to be taken gravely, and this movie, my friends. .. is rattling serious! in fact, information technology ' south also very gruesome and bloody and morbid and creepy and black as blaze. it ain ' tonne for the kids, i ' ll tell you that a lot. and if any of those recent drudge directors of two - bit scream - esque slasher picture show want some advice on effective " kill scenes ", do not look any further, because each one institutionalize to this film is a cinematic stunner, especially when compared to their generic slice - and - dice contrivances. in fact, most of this film ' s structure is very creative, the actors, all solid, the ambience and " feel " of the picture, remarkably literal (gotta be intimate those " unfortunates " ), and the descent into darkness, well honed by the filmmakers. you can almost savor the manginess off the sieve and quickly come in to appreciate the politics of the fourth dimension. just information technology ' s also an telling mystery moving picture, based on the truthful - living tale of jack the ripper, a man whose identity be ne'er discovered. the theory in this film is based on the vivid refreshing " from hellhole " written by alan moore and presents a compelling story, which despite being a piddling oliver stone - ish, did manage to draw up all of its loose ends quite nicely, and present u with an entertaining roll of mayhem, sexual depravity, drug usage, insanity, murders and sleep with? yes, the brother even managed to slip a minuscule " love " floor in here, and despite non truly be develop, i imagine it could ' ve been much worse and taken up more clock time than was provided already. that ' s right, there ' sulfur no tangible need to lay any " romanticism " in a film astir a mass liquidator! but that aside, you gotta give up the airplane propeller to actor extraordinaire johnny depp, world health organization once over again have the strength in graphic symbol and flawless act abilities, to center this movie all the path through. sure, he ' s just playing a to a lesser extent goofier interpretation of his ichabod stephen crane eccentric from sleepy hollow, but he does information technology so advantageously and even added a michael caine accent to his mixed bag of tricks in this ace. i was also surprised at how little heather graham annoyed me in this film (i was certain that her presence would ruin this movie, but she was fine) and how little the dreams / fantasies of depp ' s character had to do with the film ' s development (from what i had seen in the trailer, i thought the filmmakers be going to make this the crux of the storey, but thankfully, it wasn ' t ). on the downside, the motion picture show doesn ' triiodothyronine really explain the whole mason cult brass real well and lacks character ontogeny. only and then over again, a story about the most mysterious in series orca of all - time is probably not the ideal patch for persona refinement. one mean value, the less i knew astir each mortal, the to a greater extent suspicious atomic number 53 became of each one ' s need, reason, etc. .. in fact, unity be actually quite surprised by who was lay out as the killer in the end, and that was in part, due to the aloofness to which i ' d been held from the plastic film ' sec fictional character. .. or am ane giving the filmmakers too much reference for something that power not have been their intention? perchance. overall, this equal an highly creepy crawly production, with glorious motion picture photography (reminiscent of coppola ' s dracula and sir richard francis burton ' s sleepy hollow ), a grim grade and solid acting. only it ' s not for everyone. some may be absolutely repulse by the gory particulars of these tragic case, and even though the murders aren ' t shown as graphically as you might cogitate, there ' s enough hither to transmit the prissy right kayoed the doors. but i for one love movies that blend their eclectic visual stylus with an interesting mystery and palpable, mediaeval atmosphere, and this film is just that and enough more! and immortal knows that unity will certainly not be cede the burned image of jack the ripper ' s haunting cape silhouette and gleaming silvery tongue from my mind anytime soon. .. brrrrr! where ' s joblo coming from? the crow (9 / ten) - dark city (niner / 10) - dracula (7 / 10) - jfk (9 / tenner) - the incubus before christmas (10 / 10) - the 9th gate (eight / 10) - the others (9 / decade) - quills (8 / 10) - shadow of the vampire (half dozen / 10) - sleepy holler (8 / 10 ) 