the trailers and the commencement of the move sum upward this secret plan rattling easily. terzetto filmmakers venture into the woods of maryland to pass over down the legend of the anthony charles lynton blair witch for a infotainment they be making. they disappear and their footage is discover a twelvemonth later on swallow up underneath the understructure of a one hundred year old house. from on that point, things get a little to a greater extent complicated. i rear end say, with sheer assurance, that no film has ever so accept quite the encroachment that this little movie has experience on maine. although ace know information technology was all a staged " mockumentary ", there ' s no denying the psychological impingement this moving picture testament get out on you. one didn ' t tactile property much upon initially watching it. 1 just thought it was an interesting movie with some pretty creepy crawly parts. i never still dreamed that xxx second after the film had stop atomic number 53 would be frightened stunned of my mind just discussing it with a friend. unity ' ve gotten chills every time i ' ve bring in it upwards since and then. this make up non a movie that hits you justly away. or else this represent a motion picture that sits at the base of your spinal column, hold back until you think everything equal okay, then it slowly starts to creep it ' s way up into your mind. this is truly the almost frightening motion picture show i get ever had the pleasure to look out. the film is comprised of nursing home video and 16mm camera footage that the documentarians supposedly shoot for their blair witch film, so don ' thyroxine expect any steadi - cam shots or fancy television camera work. this follow as existent as it gets folks. ane don ' t recommend sitting too close to the theater screen though, because i warrant you testament catch motion sickness from the perpetual movement of the camera. the performance of the three leash actors in the flick are so material, you may find yourself question whether all of this has really materialise or non. this is definitely a movie that warranty home video recording viewing, especially referable to the fact that the bulk of the movie be shot with a stock nursing home video television camera. the reality of the images volition move scarily close to home when viewed as literal video instead of the tape - to - flick transfer done for the bad screenland. word has information technology that a special edition dvd with boatloads of extras (hours of deleted scenes, alternate close, commentary, the sci - fi channel especial, and others) is be plan for release. i urge artisan entertainment to spurt ahead with this architectural plan and give us what could be the dvd to rival all videodisk ' s. i know atomic number 53 ' ll be first of all in line to buy peerless. [ radius ] 