marie (charlotte rampling, " aberdeen ") and jean (bruno cremet, " sorcerer ") follow a comfortable, sixty - ish marital couple looking onward to a peaceable holiday at their second abode in lit et mix. on their first, full day, marie sunbathes as denim goes for a swimming. hours later, marie ' s initiated a full scale hunting when jean hasn ' thyroxine turn back, but no ghost of him is found. marie returns to paris and resumes her living, including new world chat with blue jean at the end of each day in francois ozon ' atomic number 16 " nether the sand. " marie ' s ex - pat british friend amanda (alexandra stewart, " frantic ") and her french husband gerard (pierre vernier) try to snap marie out of her denial with a dinner party, where they introduce her to the handsome vincent (jacques nolot, " nenette et boni " ), yet marie suggests that gerard accompany her and jean to their gym the side by side morning. finally marie does start dating vincent, but she discusses him with jean and even grin at jean, hidden behind a bedroom curtain, when she pretend love to vincent. slow, though, reality continue to chip away at marie ' s fantasy life. her bank advise her that without access to jean ' s account, she needs to reduce her spending. one of her university pupil (she ' s reading virginia adeline virginia stephen woolf ' s " the wave ") turns out to be one and only of the young men who participate in the beach search. then police arrive ask her to identify the wearable of a body they ' ve regain washed upward from the ocean. that nighttime, jean ' s not at home when she returns to their flat. her female parent - in - law (andree tainsy) cruelly insists that jean simply abandoned her forbidden of boredom. finally, marie goes to the police, insisting on view the eubstance. horrified (she ' s been warned it constitute in an sophisticated state of putrefaction ), she laughs when handed a bagged watch, insist that this is non her husband. " under the sand " is a character subject area and somber portrait of age (' i ' ve lose my youth, ' marie declares) and expiration. queen city rampling, given the hazard to present an senior, so far still intimate, cleaning woman runs with it, bringing us into the idea of the character. her chemistry with saint bruno cremet is startlingly born. as marie returns from her 1st particular date with vincent, she seat on the couch with jean. ' do helium kiss you? ' he need. the humour the 2 create is incredibly intimate and distressing. ozon (" water system drop on burning rocks, " " go steady the sea " ), who cowrote the script with emmanuelle bernheim, marcia romano, and marina de avant garde, has turned in a more matured body of work than his previous, creepy crawly " see the sea. " while he cleverly never lets united states see jean enter the body of water that fateful day, leave behind a number of hypothesis - stroke? , suicide? , escapism? - open, he unquestionably tips his hand towards a certain outcome. cinematography by antoine hiberli and jeanne lapoirie (" water dip on burning rocks ") glides around marie (their 180 shot as she initially searches the sea ' south visible horizon for a sign of jean conveys her panic) or captures rampling ' s exotic nerve in mood divining closeup. in an inventive fantasy scene, marie imago jean ' s hands massage her foot while in a state of machine - arousal. his two hands become four, then to a greater extent combined with her own, get nigh a i person orgy and call in roman polanski ' mho " repulsive force. " original music by philippe rombi quietly adds to the overall black bile. " nether the sand " is a unique portrait of deprivation. it would make an fascinating forked greenback with liv ullmann ' s " faithless " from before this yr, another character field of a cleaning woman facing loss for different reasons. 