after indecent marriage offer and up nigh and personal, redford constitute wise to direct himself in a picture at final. redford may wait great on - screen, but over the retiring few year, he ' s proven himself a crowing talent behind the camera. ordinary mass be one of the best flick of the nineteen - fourscore, and it was the first impression atomic number 2 helmed. while the milagro beanfield warfare was only from time to time successful at combine magic - realism with. .. um, realism, and 1 ' ve never been much of a fan of a river runs through information technology (to the mortification of many ), quiz appearance be bedazzle, energetic and convincing. the horse whisperer represents both his directorial return to nature films and the first time in that sub - writing style robert redford seem equally come to with homo and scenery. scott - thomas act annie maclean, an uptight but respected new york magazine editor whose daughter grace (johanssen) turn a loss a leg and a good friend when an early morning drive climaxes with their horse collide with a semi. grace ' s horse survived, simply barely, and have go mad. annie refuses to commit the animate being out of his misery, believing that if the horse heals information technology testament mend grace ' s newly - broken spirit. finally, female parent and daughter travel alone to montana to live with tom booker (redford ), a famed " equus caballus whisperer " who take in a endowment of calming horses with simple looks and touch, leaving busy married man neill behind. finally, they displace onto the booker ranch with the rest of gobbler ' s family, and annie find herself falling in love with all things montana, let in, by nature, tom, the wise and lonely trainer. the horse whisperer is delicately make. iodin dare say lyrical, since to many citizenry ' s auricle, that word is synonymous with boring. just. the horse whisperer has little to offer in the way of surprise, but information technology does suffer an money plant that is refreshing and systematically enjoyable to find out, especially in the last third of the chronicle. scott - thomas and johanssen seem like mother and girl, and you have no doubt conceive that the mountain vistas would set these raw yorkers nether a spell, peculiarly since d. p. robert henry hobson richardson ' s photography casts montana as shangri la on earth. ( a gimmicky only effective technique the filmmakers engage be a shift in aspect ratio from squarish to widescreen when the fundamental location shifts from new york to montana. ) the underrated sam neill turns in possibly his most heartfelt, affectional performance as the nice - guy husband, world health organization is as authoritive and likeable as turkey cock. he exist so a refresh variety from the male chauvinist, lout of a husband so many writers repair to as a short - cut for explaining aside the cheating mate ' s motivation. unluckily, one of the equus caballus whisperer ' s simply flaws is the chemistry between would - be lovers george c. scott - thomas and redford. i liked both of them, but i didn ' t needfully believe that redford would go down for such a cold fish, even if the countryside atmosphere dethaw her slightly. luckily (and curiously ), this be such a plenteous and coarse textured flick that it doesn ' t quite a matter - their fornication seems similar an afterthought, the obligatory sub - plot that ties many of the characters ' complex relationships in concert. 