in these days of overlong picture show (play joe black, the lean red line, the mask of zorro) it be a shame that movie like waking ned devine can ' t be long than a paltry ninety minutes. this is just a cute flick, even done it mildly risque subject thing. old friends jackie (bannen) and michael (kelley) try to find the lottery winner (they deduce must live in their dinky town of astir 60) so that they might kiss upward to him and share the win. through outgrowth of elimination, they chance that it mustiness make up lovable old ned devine, who they find sitting in front of his tv, clutching the winning lottery ticket in his cold dead hand. what results personify thuroughly amusing, as jackie tries to convince his wife that not claiming information technology would be wrong, and that they could real gain. after all, old ned make headway ' t miss information technology. rather than divulge the later twists and turns, i ' ll stop here simply manoeuver out that jackie and michael get into all sort of trouble in their little sleepy eyed irish villiage. bannen and kelly be a perfect distich. ace slightly stout, the other as thin as a rail. both get on in years, they make such a precious pair of old codgers. waking ned devine may even make up seen as a " total monty " for the geriatric set, especially since kelly let buff - atomic number 8 for i divert prospect. waking ned devine is by no means perfect, but it is so sincere and touching that information technology looks so much practiced than most film. the performance by everyone in the town be great, particularly the deuce leads. there be i twist at the ending which i find unnecessary, but information technology hardly deflower the picture. writer / director kirk john paul jones should represent hold up up as an example to wholly those hollywood screenwriters. script as creative and endearing as this should make up the norm, non the exception. perhaps it makes us revalue this marvellous movie even more. had i hold off on my year ' entropy best / worst leaning for another day, wake up ned devine (formally released in late november of 98) surely would have graced the short group of the twelvemonth ' second fine films. it is lite, but think provoking and sweet. atomic number 53 can ' t think of anyone world health organization shouldn ' t see (or wouldn ' t enjoy) this moving picture show. 