capsule: suprisingly more of a funniness than a straight natural action flick, which isn ' t necessarily a big thing. not exactly oscar caliber, merely i helluva heater - riddled good prison term. put out review: you know, i remember when gunslinger comprise evil, murderous scum. ala, the time are a - changin '. in a recent string of movies, hitman are all of a sudden heady - cracking, fun - fuck killers - with - hearts. this brings us to hong kong manager kirk wong ' s first american characteristic, the big hit. oddly enough, about the same time last class a standardized film, grosse decimal point blank, be expel. advertised as a quirky comedy with hints of natural action, information technology turned out to give birth a suprising dosage of information technology. the big hit be quite the opponent. information technology make up hyped as " the new film from producer john woo ", so 1 would information technology expect lots of conventionalized killing and legal action. nonetheless, there ' s a sore lack of information technology, which be about the only affair wrong with the big hit. the film starts come out with mel smiley and his cohorts dress a job on a white slaver. mel, played by mug wahlberg in a dopey, milquetoast role, is a killing motorcar; he flip flop, whirl, even breakdances whilst popping caps. unhappily, he doesn ' t fetch a chance to manage much of it. except for the beginning set piece and the last twenty xx minutes or so, the film cost in clowning modality. the legal action, at least what thither is of it, is prime cutting stuff. wong, after numerous hong kong feature film, make quite a nice u. s. first appearance. however, his pacing be a bit off, with the activity sequence only bookending the movie and not last long enough. they commence off electrifying and fresh, but just kinda stop. ordinarily, this would hamper a moving picture show to the point of be unenjoyable. fortuitously, we have ben ramsey ' s screenplay, a bitingly rummy piece of work. the only trouble is there might be too much humour, one prank makes you laugh so laborious you drop the succeeding few. some of best jest include an oriental movie maker shoot down on his luck and one of mel ' s hitmen pals that has just reveal onanism. the only problem is how some of the minor characters be handled, some be there only if for a gag, which sometimes work, sometimes doesn ' t. overall, the big bang may have information technology ' s flaw, but it make up up for them in a stylishly directed, intestine - wrenchingly funny joyride. definately one of the better manner to spend two minute. 