saint james jones, one of the major novelist from the middle of the 20th century, has pen a number of fictional full treatment about the upshot of war on the individual. a vet of world war two, and a witness to the pearl harbor bombing, his novel are not but grounded in realism but poetic in nature. they are reminiscent of stephen crane in their blunt smoothness, a trait which lend itself to razor - sharp focus. but perchance none matches the scope of his autobiographical novel, the thin crimson logical argument; today a cinematic chef d'oeuvre from theater director terrence malick. the book ' s principal roll, some 30 characters, stimulate been dress down for this interpretation, but it even so retain its most endearing note value. each of the role has an everyman quality, emphasizing jones ' scrutiny of world war deuce on the american soldier. there ' s a definitive concatenation of statement present, and this likewise plays on the motivations of the cast. only most significantly, and perhaps intrinsic to the novel but non to the movie, a dynamic and efficient voice - over be used. malick throw respective characters relating their thoughts, pass on the viewer a greater perspective of the progeny at interest. the issues at stake be many and one. tell from a limited third - someone perspective (as opposed to a top - downwardly, omniscient view ), the movie entails the conflict of an american infantry company (" c - for - charlie ") to adopt a hill during the conflict at guadalcanal. the south pacific island is seen by the top brass as the key position for american armed forces to give if they want to bring home the bacon the state of war. and want to get ahead the war they do. in an excellent performance, nick nolte plays c - for - charlie ' s command ship's officer, lt. gap. gordon tall. atomic number 2 ' s an age soldier world health organization embodies the win - at - all - cost outlook, if only to impress his superscript (john travolta, in a refutable cameo ). this philosophy is opposite that of maitre d'hotel sodomist staros (elias koteas ), world health organization dearly esteem the life of each and every unrivaled of the men nether his command. at the battlefront are the private parts and corporal (adrien brody, james caviezel, ben chaplin, et aluminum ), lead by 1st sgt. welsh (sean penn ), who mustiness in reality carry out the suicide orders handed down to them. the flimsy red dividing line is filled with intense, optic poetry, only it ' s well nigh three hours long. although the interest level is high pitched throughout the first two hour, the climax comes 40 - five minutes before the ending of the moving picture show; it goes without saying that the movie drags on the hind end. the thin red faced production line will doubtless be compared to 1998 ' s other chef d'oeuvre of state of war, saving individual ryan a uncounted number of prison term. but to do and so comprise to belittle both films, for although similarity abound, indeed do differences. director malick experience a narrative to tell, and for those concerned in listening, this can be a really outstanding movie. 