" articulate, any of you get laid how to madison? " - - - brad " asshole " majors (barry bostwick) shows just how unhip atomic number 2 is after see the kooky transylvanians wrap up their ode to the fourth dimension warp in the cult classic the rocky horror picture show. the story behind the rocky repulsion picture display is one of legend. in the early 70 ' s, stagecoach actor turned first - time playwright richard o ' brien decided he wanted to make a musical homage to the crazy b - movies he had grown up with as a child, fix to a bunch of catchy rock melody of his own design. the result was the degree make for the jolting revulsion appearance, which opened to fairly adequate reviews in british capital in 1973 and was even hailed the best musical of 1973 by outstanding drama critics in england. the shimmer cost so successful that the film rightfield were immediately snapped up and production on the flick commence a mere year later, in oct of 1974. the film rendering (now title the rocky revulsion picture show) be free in 1975. .. and immediately tank at the boxful office. whether it was because fox wasn ' t quite sure how to grocery store it to audiences or that audiences didn ' t quite know what to make of it themselves has ne'er really been determined, but the one coarse act of knowledge about the motion picture follow that information technology was a huge flop. it appear that the infective feel brought around by the stage version had not been infused into the film translation and fox quickly have information technology pulled from theaters. a twelvemonth later, something entirely strange and magical happened. print of the film started to live distributed to theaters in small sum and were circulate at midnight shows across the body politic, and it was so that a whole new audience get the celluloid. this new audience was prone to dressing up alike the characters from the film, acting out segment in front of the projection screen as the movie played, yelling ill mannered commentary at the screen, and just generally having a expert metre. word quickly spread astir this new phenomenon of interactive film and the rocky horror moving picture show appearance ' s life as the ultimate rage moving picture show was bear. for the virgins out there who are unaware, the plot center around a loving couple, brad major league (barry bostwick) and janet weiss (susan sarandon ), world health organization come from a minor town promise denton. brad and janet have scarcely attended the wedding of 2 of their friends and decide that they also need to personify wed. they plan a trip up to see the human being who led to their meeting, dr. everett scott (jonathan adams, who played the storyteller in the original stage version ), but their car gets a flat on the way to his home base. remembering a castle they take in examine back a few miles pull down the road, they decide to walk at that place and see to it if the residents have a phone they power cost able to apply to call for assistance. the castle is actually the nursing home of a race of aliens from the planet transsexual (in the coltsfoot of transylvania ), who are lead by the bizarre fishing net - stock fatigue mad scientist dr. point blank - n - furter (tim curry ). frank - n - furter has masterminded the unavowed to creating life and has done so in the form of rocky (peter hinwood ). as rocky becomes accustomed to his new environs, brad and janet get themselves at the mercy of free spoken - n - furter ' s unhinged scheme. little do any of them know that the doctor ' s odd job man, riff - raff (original source richard o ' brien ), and domesticated, magenta (patricia quinn ), are really transsexual world wide protectors world health organization have been sent to stop wiener from spreading his alien evil all over the earth. get back and revisit this plastic film after ten years (1990 be the first time 1 have ever seen it ), it be amazing to pine tree state that this film ever so got made or has had the remain power that it has. if i had been a fox executive around the time of it spill, ane don ' t think i would induce sleep together what to make of information technology either. for all intents and purposes it is a tough moving picture show (though bad in a really dependable sort of room ), but luxurious production design and a great hatful of incredibly catchy songs actually help to increase the likability of the film. by the time the credits role, information technology is fairly well off to have start out wrapped upward in the film and its character, and one genuinely gets the feeling that richard o ' brien unquestionably was a fan of the old cheesy b - movies his motion picture is found on. when i read that the wall - to - wall songs are tricky what i really beggarly to say is that, once you get wind them, they testament be ingrained in your head for all of eternity. information technology move without enounce that the " time warp " is the most popular song in the film. yet people who accept ne'er seen the movie know of that particular song. what those who haven ' metric ton seen the movie father ' t get it on though, is that there live still to a greater extent songs in the film that are just as worthy of acknowledgment. my personal favorite constitute " over at the frankenstein place ", merely " dammit janet " follow also maddeningly catchy. tim curry ' s vocal music on the sway melodic line " sweet transvestite " ask to be heard to be believed. the finis of the film, a grown floor display staged by frank - n - furter and sport most of the cast in garter and fishnets (include barry bostwick. .. frightening! ), sport no less than iv songs (" rise tint my world ", " preceptor ' t dreaming it ", " state of nature and wild thing ", and " i ' m going home " ), all of which personify immensely singable. the film ' s true popularity and seniority resides in its audience engagement though. despite the catchiness of the songs, this movie would have been long forgotten astir if information technology hadn ' t have been for the multitude of folks who dress upwardly every friday or saturday nox to hie out and exist a part of their own little trading floor display. watching this film at home is nothing compared to actually experiencing this in a theater with c of rabid fans (unless you don ' t intellect inviting friend terminated and permit them shoot water guns in your home or letting them flip rice and pieces of goner all terminated the place ). bill: director jim sharman brought back to the central characters of the film, in the form of a sequel, resulting in the very much forgotten film shock treatment, which picks up with brad and janet (this time played by drop off de young and jessica harper!) as contestants on a game show in their base town of denton. the two are menaced by the malign television set place manager (also play by de young ), who wish to claim janet as his own. o ' brien return as a author / performing artist on the project (as did quinn, joseph campbell, and gray in performance capacity only ), merely the film get nowhere near the spirit of the original. twenty five years later, this pic be still the pinnacle of cult screen and is unendingly test at midnight all over the world. as a lasting testament to the length of service of the film and it legion of fans, a brand new special edition ii - disc dvd set get been released that is the most comprehensive collection of rough horror to date (even out shining the laserdisc special edition that was released for its 20th day of remembrance ). if you are one of those citizenry world health organization can ' t get decent of the motion picture, this disc should represent more than enough to gratify your appetites. in an attempt to recreate the interactivity of the film, fox habitation entertainment sustain released this wonderful 2 - disc dvd set loaded with so many supernumerary that it ' ll accept a good eight hr exactly to take in the majority of it all. the cinema itself is settle on the first disc and has be give a beautiful transport that shows information technology in its original aspect proportion of 1. 85: 1 (enhanced for 16x9 televisions ). the celluloid is gift in 2 unlike versions, the us theatrical version and the uk interpretation which tot up a musical number during the finale called " superheroes ". for ambitious viewers, the disk also includes a hidden version (locate on the main menu by click left from the scene selection carte du jour choice and highlighting a pair of lips in the blue left corner) which present the cinema in the manner information technology was originally guess to have been seen. originally, the film be to induce been similar to the wizard of oz, with the first half of the it seen in blackened and white (and not changing to color until the transylvanians are first revealed to brad and janet during the metre warp melodic telephone number ). most reports, including a documentary on the disc, say that the color was supposed to look when blunt - n - furter first shows up in the elevator, but it come seem to make for better where it was placed on this version, depicting the vast difference between the earth brad and janet were used to compare with the one to which they are introduced. the film contains a commentary track by show maker (and faithful handyman) richard o ' brien and co - mavin patricia quinn which is fairly pleasurable (and quinn immediately starts off by refusing to speak about sarandon nearly contracting pneumonia while having to walk around moisture and half - naked on freezing cold sets, which she plain complained about the entire film and in future interviews ). the two seem like previous friends and take great stories to assure, but they as well point come out of the closet cast members that are sadly no longer with usa anymore (and in that location are quite a few ). fox take also try to recreate the tone of attending the film in a theater with various audience involvement segments. the first characteristic (and the most simple minded) be a subtitle theater prompter which countenance you know when to open up on multitude with your water torpedo or when the right time to throw your toast is. the 2d feature film is an audience participation runway, which let you in on what you might hear on a secure night out at the display. most of the comments cost unintelligible because it constitute essentially just a prominent group of mass screaming their heads off, only every once and a while a commentary can be heard that will invoke a bit of laughter. the terminal participation section use a technology very much similar the technology used on the matrix videodisk, where a pair of lips will appear on - screen during sealed tantrum of the celluloid (mostly during the musical numbers) that can be selected by pressing enter on your remote. when selected, you will be train out of the moving picture show and into a live involvement version of the shot arrange on during one of the many screening that come all over the world. once the section is concluded, you are posit right back into the film where you left away. the first disc besides contains a few dvd - read only memory goodies for those with that particular type of videodisk player. at that place be a timeline of the evolution from the stage play variation to worldwide cult sensation, a video nickelodeon, a you don ' t know jack - title trivia game (which is about as bare bones a you don ' t know jack parody as information technology can be ), and a bizarre mad - libs styled word game known as riff - raff ' s story lab. links to the rocky horror site are also usable from the dvd - rom portion of the disc. the second disc features yet more goodies for the person world health organization have sex extras. former lite - rock candy video channel twist music historians vh - 1 have allowed some of their outtake footage from the " behind the music: rocky horror " special that they ran earlier in the year to be shown here, every bit well as a pop music - up video for the meat mill around - sung " hot patootie ". the " behind the medicine " segments are all very interesting, peculiarly richard o ' brien ' s outing through with the castle (which is nowadays a hotel!) where the motion picture was in the beginning shot. in that location are besides telephone extension of the sarandon, bostwick, quinn, o ' brien, and inwardness loaf interviews. as far as extras for the plastic film itself go, there are ii deleted melodious numbers that are besides included here. unmatched of which is just the " superheroes " identification number useable in the uk version, simply at that place is likewise another uncommon musical number lay out here called " once in a while ". a serial publication of alternate takes are too presented hither, but none of them are really much of a book of revelation (except for the undressing panorama in which we see that patricia quinn is having a hard time unbutton barry bostwick ' s pants ). for the completist who must hold every little scrap of rocky revulsion paraphernalia, a misprinted end sequence and jump credit chronological succession be also presented here. rounding out the disc is a decent documentary called rocky repugnance doubled feature film video appearance, ii theatrical trailers (predicate that the film is " a different variety of jaws " ), a still gallery, and two sing - a - longs (for " toucha toucha touch me " and " sweet transvestite " ). fox ' s special edition be the dvd set that bouldery revulsion fans stimulate been waiting for all their life (" you ' re lucky. .. i ' one thousand lucky. .. helium ' s lucky. .. we ' re all prosperous! " ). it ' s non just amazing decent that tons of classic italian films comprise finally getting their recognition in the u. s. , but even long stand up tradition are finally receiving their due on the marvellous videodisk format. as with their excellent dvds of the abysm, fight clubhouse, independence daylight, and the audio of music, slyboots shows that they have about certainly made the commitment to offer the thing that dvd lovers want. i kindle a goner to them (cue the throwing of the lolly) as i veer out the lights, sit rearwards, and see those disembodied lip begin to sing about b - movie tradition. [ radius ] 