it is ever refreshing to see a genius player who gets paid more than than enough to forget about work for a living to want to take a prospect and play a less - than - savory part as mel gibson does in payback. of course of instruction, if unity was be paid $ 25 million for matchless month ' s work, i ' d probably be willing to take risk as well, but that ' reciprocal ohm neither here nor at that place. retribution is based on a novel by richard stark (apparently really donald e. westlake, writer of the grifters, itself a fine crime film) which was also film in the 1960s as point blank shell starring one of the sturdy of problematical guys, lee marvin. the celluloid open with mel gibson having recover from being shot several times in the rear, by whom we don ' t recognize yet. all we know is that althea gibson, as porter, isn ' t a glad chappy and is hellbent on getting the money stolen from him back, and getting yet in the procedure, no affair what the consequences. information technology plow out that the piece helium ' s after is val (gregg henry ), his old partner with whom he slip a briefcase full of cash from a ring of chinese mobsters. obviously non having much of a crisis of the individual, val figure porter is dead and goes about use his share of the money to pay off a debt to his employers. porter, however, is the kind of gentleman's gentleman world health organization holds a score and once on his feet, goes about exacting revenge on the double - interbreed val. c. d. gibson gives a terrific performance in the sort of role which helium was born to play, that of a slightly unhinged guy world health organization doesn ' t mind beat astir operating theater shooting people to get what he desire. you probably wouldn ' t view other worker in his salary range contract such an offbeat, out - of - character role such as porter (jim carrey won ' t be doing anything like this in a hurry after what bechance the final time he tried - the cable guy cable, anyone? ). reginald carey harrison ford ' s idea of playing an unsympathetic grapheme is presumed innocent; the utmost clip schwarzenegger played a villain was batman and robin, which we won ' t mention far; and make stallone ever so really played a scoundrel at all? this is not to say that porter comprise a villain, per southeast. while he isn ' t the sort of character you wouldn ' t want to get on the wrong side of, he ' s nothing compared to some of the ones we are push to watch in countless risky thrillers and action films where they pop destitute people in the blink of an eye or execute their right - hand men just now to prove how mean they are. porter is only trying to get backward what is not - therefore - rightfully his, which in a way be almost intelligible. payback cost an gratifying dramatic black comedy - thriller which deliver the goods ' mt be remembered as being among gibson ' s most authoritative employment, merely is still one of the finer film he ' s done. the only existent problem with it is that, while everything appear to make out in the end, i constitute left feeling something was miss; be that all? the ending looks as if it was wear round on at the last arcminute, and the final voice - over doesn ' t gang true, even though information technology equal used to well effect elsewhere in the picture show - noir style the rest of the film embodies. the film just terminate far likewise suddenly, after a huge build - up in the penult scene. a fine motion picture, yet though information technology needs just a little something more to live the kind of a film that can be commend without faltering. just constitute ready for a possible disappointment of an ending. 