david cronenberg presents us with another unusual tale crawling out of his imposingly twisted capitulum. information technology is i of many scientific discipline fiction films, bring out during the last year of this millenium, that tackle issues that leave play an important role in our future. the story unfolds in a close future tense, where the line between realism and virtual reality blurs. the reality of the hereafter comprise an unfriendly place, where the scared inhabitants make up " hiding " in virtual reality phantasy games to miss the uncertainty of the genuine existence. allegra geller (jennifer jason vivien leigh ), the leading plot architect in the domain, is testing her unexampled virtual reality secret plan, existenz with a focal point group. as they begin, she is attacked by a rabid assassin hire a bizarre organic gun. she flees with a young marketing trainee, ted pikul (jude law ), world health organization be suddenly impute as her escort. unluckily, her pod, an constituent gaming device that contains the sole copy of the existenz biz program, is damage. to inspect information technology, she talks ted into accept a gameport in his ain body so he displace play the game with her. the case leading up to this, and the resulting game guide the pair on a strange adventure in a world where individuality doesn ' t exist, as the " thespian " are forced to perform as characters in an unknown secret plan. here the realism and their activity be out of the question to define from either their ain or the game ' s perspective. one preceptor ' t intend to unwrap more of the picture ' s premise, which is structured as a computer biz, with " tasks " that the fiber moldiness complete to make headway the game. released after " the intercellular substance " and " dark city ", " existenz " have some similarity and parallel that associate it to these films. however, " existenz " be move in a unlike direction, with a premise of its own. a combination of bedazzle special effects, brilliantly coordinated action sequences and an intelligent and sophisticated patch, made " the matrix " a uncommon and entertaining science fiction experience, with some dark and frighten estimation hidden under it sparkling facade. " existenz " has a wholly different atmosphere, resembling " dark metropolis ", which be darker, more dangerous and to a lesser extent entertaining. " existenz " has the opportunities and potential, merely the enormous opening are ne'er quite an explored. after the engaging source, it start to bumble. while i was watch the moving picture show, many left the theater during the first hour. and indeed, " existenz " seem as a utter failure: the actors seemed insubstantial, the patch and dialogue silly, bare family relationship and unexplained events followed one after another. merely the last fifteen mo sneak the film on a consummate different level, explaining all preceding event, the silly talks and the unreal performances within a few scenes. and jet the film fails on several issue. plausibly the respectable write character in the story be a plot designer, who would rather pass the rest of her life in a virtual existence, than face real life sentence. this is a gravid possible action to create a magnificent character, and jennifer jason leigh stretchiness cronenberg ' s script to the limits, but fails because the advantages of virtual reality in comparison to the tangible worldly concern live never show. existenz be not a domain of which you might dream about in your fantasies. information technology is not a world worth sacrificing your life history for. it ' s a cold, dark place where the " players " are forced to relate with unsubstantial characters, eat mutate wight and still murder against their own testament. it doesn ' t look similar a place worth even thinking about. saint david cronenberg let been the creator of " the fly ", " videodrome " and " the dead zone ", so it ' s not and so operose to guess that " existenz " is a violent and gory film. besides the veritable murders of free mass, the audiences rear enjoy an postmortem of a two - headed mutated amfibium. scenes like that have become a trademark for cronenberg and information technology appear that he lavatory ' t make a pic without flowing rakehell and foul creatures. the fashion i regard it, this is the film ' s essential nonstarter. it is impossible for cronenbergto make a beautiful worldly concern where time, blank and problems of our everyday life do non exist; a place of blooming efflorescence, green forests and clear waters; a place really worth sacrificing your animation for. because of its lack of three dimensionality, the film unloose most of it possibilities, just stays afloat because of some interesting scenes, amuse performances (especially by willem dafoe) and one interesting and important idea, depicted in many dissimilar ways throughout the movie. during the film, the hearing is as garbled as the characters: detached from their everyday existence and no longer able to see the difference between the real world and the substitute reality that they have got create. " the matrix ", despite of its many dark and disturb thoughts, cease with a igniter at the end of the tunnel. " existenz " does not. it represent a peerless fourth dimension experience, ending in blood, albert gore jr. and madness - a rather frightening forecast for tomorrow. 