this be a good year if you want plentitude of sci - fi on your multiplex. > from the comedies mars plan of attack and men in black, to luc besson ' s powerful the 5th constituent, and to this, sci - fi / horror that is event horizon. ( more be on the fashion with contact and alien: ressurection being liberate later this year. ) the story is thus: in 2040 an explorer ship anticipate the outcome horizon essay out a new forge gravity drive. a device that enable a slyness to travel anyplace in the universe, instantaneously. this embody achieved by make a gateway, infact, a black kettle of fish, between the craft and it ' s take destination. in this case, from near neptune to proxima prime. notwithstanding, when the event horizon attempts this, it dissappears, without trace, leave two search for information technology fruitless. seven years later, it reappears, transmitting a distress signal and this be where the cinema start. a lookup and delivery ship is sent out to investigate. the team is led by laurence fishburne, and joining them is sam neill who act as the scientist that invented the gravity thrust. as the squad search the effect horizon, they find no trace of the work party but plenty of blood lie around. non a good polarity. .. to cause matters bad, as they look the ship, they find themselves being subjected to a serial of illusions based on their ain individual inner enigma and worse, some very bloody events start to occur as they slowly piece together the events that transpirate on the ship seven years ago. it shortly become apparent that, wherever the ship decease, it bought something back with information technology. something rattling, really evil. .. the first thing you ' ll notice in this film be it ' s unbelievable ocular effects. they really are center pop, with some not bad models to boot. the playing be quite an good, with some occasional witty moments. surface to air missile neill does a good job as the scientist that progressively get more than and more than disturbed as the search continues, but a summit of the hat goes to laurence fishburne who leads the team, in a cool, calmness, take no nonense manner. it equal his behave acquisition that help hold this film together. the idea behind upshot apparent horizon make up certainly a good one. it take up sour fantastically well, but the middle section becomes quite a confused and sometimes muddled, leave the witness unsure on just what the reasons are behind some of the bloody and freakish events that occur. however, the closing twenty minute of the motion picture show more than make up for this, producing one the most nail biting (operating theater in my case, straw of my drunkenness biting! ) climaxes i ' ve recently find. overall, result celestial horizon is a smart film so. information technology ' s real enjoyable and let some amazing visuals. but exist warned, the horror scenes, despite be very brief are really, very, gory. not for the squemish! 