life is beautiful embody a rare treat: a blithesome comedy that tackles a very grievous study without charge the sinfulness of being disrespectful, or, even worse, humorless. it combines a charming romance with a bolt of farce, invoke in a little poignancy, and finish upward a very gratifying movie. information technology ' s an italian film, but don ' t net ball that warn you. subtitle - phobes will be overlook a wonderful experience. lifetime be beautiful opens as a angelic amatory comedy, with the clownish, but in effect natured guido (roberto benigni) arriving in a rustic italian town to work as a waiter for his uncle. the year is 1939, and guido literally stumbles into the girl of his dream, dora (nicoletta braschi ). their romance seems to be picture staring, with only one stumbling block: she ' s already engaged to another humanity. buns guido overcome the odds and win his girl? what do you think? however, five twelvemonth later, things have taken a twist for the worse in italian republic. the fascist get stepped up their race initiatives, which is bad word for the jewish guido and his new son giosue (giorgio cantarini ), world health organization are rounded up and ship off to a immersion camp. unable to protect his boy in any early way, guido attempts to harbor his vernal son from the horrors of the british labour party camp. helium pretend that everything is all an elaborate game, with points award for such tasks as concealing, being brave and being real very quiet. as you tin tell from the description, life is beautiful has two very different tones, but handle to excel at both of them. as a quixotic comedy, information technology is sweet and funny. as a bittersweet tale of hope amid desperation, it embody touching. roberto benigni ' s work hither ingest be compared with some of the best of chaplin ' s, and it is easygoing to see wherefore. helium is able to break away the gamut of comic saying, from slapstick to farce, with a tender - hearted feeling that keep his downtrodden wedge ' southward " triumph of the underdog " spirit. life is beautiful tread a thin line when information technology turns information technology attentions to the holocaust. however, it cost able bodied to successfully navigate the minefield, without take down the gravitation of the horrors involved, nor without losing its humorous edge that allow you to smile done the tears. with life story is beautiful, benigni induce created a triumphant, only bittersweet funniness. information technology ' s quite simply unmatchable of the most gratifying times i ' ve had at the picture this yr. 