as fairy tales go, cinderella has to comprise i of the near famous. almost everyone knows it, well at least in north u.s.. so information technology is raw that someone bequeath try to construct a movie out of it. it has been do before with varying results. this version of the story be both similar to the original and dissimilar at the same time. the basic story remains unchanged only, one matter that look to vanish with this edition, and that is all the fantastical elements of the write up. thither is no fairy god mother or anything even remotely of that nature. after the fantastic elements personify stripped away what be bequeath is a realistic believable rendition of the cinderella story and an interesting sexual love story at the least. . unlike in the fairy story, the prince plays a a good deal larger parting than just that of the cloaked nut at the end. the? prince ', world health organization happens to personify the crown prince to the can of anatole france, meet ' cinderella ', sleep with as danielle, on a few juncture, most coincidentally and helium becomes smitten with her. although this look to be a far cry from the traditional story it allows for the main patch to proceed with decent room for some inventive story telling.. the story takes place in a renascence scope; in france, with leonardo da vinci providing some comic relief on more than one social function. this addition of leonardo district attorney vinci, was rather successful in that it added some semblance to the flick, since some of the part are a bit stereotypical. for example the persona that was script for the prince leaves a few affair to be desired. for example the persona seems to be a piece also unsound and fickle, a crown prince should not be anything remotely like that. especially since he is portrayed to live in his mid twenties at the least and most quick to take the throne. the characters of danielle (cinderella) play by john drew john barrymore, and that of the evil step mother, played by anjelica huston, are well uprise and well played by the ii women. although the part of danielle be a bit stretched it is non besides improbable and not totally unconvincing. the nuances of the character are brought out comfortably by drew barrymore and from watch the movie information technology seems like she had sport make the picture show. as a dividing line the part of the evil whole step female parent is clearly seen from the very beginning and is well nigh clique. but, anjelica john huston seems to add a certain flair to the role that make information technology suit the movie nearly absolutely. the actual story is somewhat predictable since it be after totally the basic story of cinderella, but there are more than enough twist in how the story is tell to have it interesting and enjoyable. the acting is of high caliber and appear deserved of extolment. all in all this flick takes you backward into story, into a seemingly magical fairy land. merely, don ' t obtain me wrong there is zip just reality, it is just freshen to observe a movie that is non based in a intimate setting with everyday familiar things happen. so although the story is fundamentally familiar the world it be set in be non, and that adds a dimension to the film which in this humble reviewer vox populi relieve oneself it worth seeing 