susan granger ' s review of " lawfully blonde " (mib. gigabyte. m. ) it ' s a " pretty in pink " / " clueless " come - of - age tarradiddle for the newfangled millennium as elle natalie wood (reese witherspoon ), a perky southern california sorority fairy, switches from fashion to police in order to win rear her yuppy boyfriend (matthew davis ). the girl - business leader story begins as this sweetheart of delta nu is unceremoniously dumped by a bonehead who say: " if i ' megabyte live to be a senator by the time i ' metre 30. .. iodin need to wed a jackie, non a marilyn. " square off to prove she ' s as smart a snobby brunette (selma tony blair) from country - club connecticut, elle not alone apply to harvard law school but gets in, much to the astonishment of family, friends and faculty. once on that point, this flaxen - haired fish - out - of - body of water non only survives merely tenaciously thrives, befriend a local manicurist (jennifer coolidge ), dazzling a professor (victor garber) and rescuing a defendant (ali larter) in a historied boston execution trial, plus finding a more worthy dandy (luke woodrow wilson ). in the tradition of teen - clowning film - maker bathroom charles evans hughes and his disciple amy heckerling, there ' atomic number 16 wit, cheerfulness, a fidelity of observance and a penchant for trouble - solving. first - time feature director robert luketic is bless with reese john witherspoon who ' s joyously incandescent in this utterly formulaic light comedy written by karen mccullah lutz and kirsten bessie smith, based on a soon - to - make up - print novel by amanda brown. the suffer mould is terrific, particularly raquel welch and holland taylor - and i peculiarly got a kick out of the gag of elle distributing scent resumes in pinko, her signature color on the granger motion picture show gauge of 1 to ten, " legally blonde " is a frivolous, funny, sense - good 8. sate with ditzy blonde ambition, it ' s a movie for high - schoolhouse child that their parent would be happy to have them see. 