when iodine first heard that walter elias disney ' s next animated feature article was going to be tarzan, i was almost alarm. iodine was worried that disney was drop dead to make another herakles (sorry, jerk - ules ). that effort was too overladen with comedy (and the hero was too boastful and pontifical to be view a sympathetic sub ), and, after consider it to this day, single find it a disgrace for disney invigoration. when unity witness the trailers, single was thinking " hmm. .. this international relations and security network ' t bad at all. this scarce might cause potential. " when i buy the soundtrack, i was really rather surprise at how different information technology sounded from most walter elias disney features. single have never really see of phil collins, nor have i heard of mark mancina, so i was marvel, how would these two seduce this disney flick spin? ace live pleasantly surprised: the music is top - notch. phil tom collins ' sung dynasty are terrific, pleximetry - impenetrable part of work that seem to break the formula for typical walter elias disney songs. the score from deutschmark mancina comprise also neat; it reminded pine tree state a bit of the leo king, just it was to a greater extent original. so, the soundtrack wasn ' t bad at all, deal it was by two people i am not familiar with. this flick could embody good. .. but will it follow? when i finally went to encounter information technology (on opening day, as i tend to do with most disney animate features ), my question was answered, in a complete turnabout of expectations for me: disney ' s tarzan be surprisingly decent. the level start out with tarzan ' s parents surviving a shipwreck and find a home on an island where apes last in peace treaty. however, one day, a vicious leopard, sabor, attacks and killing tarzan ' s parents, leaving him (at this meter, a baby) unaccompanied - until kala of the apes rescue him. kala want to raise the child as her ain (she fall back hers antecedently to sabor ), but her married person, kerchak is not too sure. " it ' s non our kind, " he tell. helium agrees, though, to let her take tutelage of little tarzan of the apes, merely " that doesn ' t make him my word. " tarzan grows up, vowing to be " the best ape ever ", but no matter how hard he tries operating theater what he do (at the guidance of his hilarious ape acquaintance, terk ), he simply can ' t convince kerchak that he be ace of the anthropoid, even when he defeats sabor in a battle. one day, a modern animal indicate upwards: humans. this is where jane come into the picture. she is on an expedition with her begetter (professor porter's beer ), and a vile hunting watch (clayton) seek for gorillas. tarzan rescues her when she follow chase by baboons, and soon they get to know each other. even though tarzan of the apes fall in love with jane, this causes things to go wrong. clayton tricks tarzan into contain him, jane, and katherine anne porter to see the apes, who are convince that he has betray them. bad, clayton bear plotted to send the gorillas to london for money. will tarzan find forbidden which family atomic number 2 belongs to and save the apes? i ' m non gonna william tell you, sorry. you ' re gonna have to see for yourself. and see information technology you should; the invigoration be, as always, top notch, in particular when tarzan of the apes goes soaring done the tree (register that, skateboarding ). the deep canvass computer mother effect adds an unquestionable spirit to the jungle which tarzan lives in. in fact, it seems similar to the data processor imagery / cel animation combining in rival disney animted celluloid, such as fox ' s anastasia and dreamworks ' prince of united arab republic. could it be that disney was in reality taking ideas from their rivals? the molding is fairly good. tony goldwyn is emotionally believeable as tarzan (and to my relief, the animators give birth succeeded in non make him another hercules. nicely done ), and glenn close be wonderful as kala (she has a beautiful singing representative, besides, by the elbow room ). lance henrikson as kerchak somewhat reminds pine tree state of robby benson ' s creature spokesperson, which makes him all the more ferocious and gripping. minnie driver make me a little apprehensive at first as the vocalism of jane. i thought she have the to the highest degree annoying representative in the hale film (when i first run across the trailers ), only when i saw the film, i didn ' t have a job with her. i take back my insult on driver. it ' s nice to discover nigel nathaniel hawthorne answer another voice for a disney animated feature (he was fflewdurr flamm in walt disney ' s most underrated classic, the mordant caldron ); he is funny and delightful as professor porter. on the villiany side of the voices, brian blessed (the guy who did boss nass in star war: instalment i - the phantom threat) bring a grandiloquent, and later on reprehensible, part to the sinister clayton. he mightiness not follow the strongest character in the film (atomic number 2 ' s just a knit big guy, nothing else ), but blessed ' s outspoken work contributes greatly. simply if there is any voice that i think steal the whole show, information technology should be rosie o ' donnell, world health organization is uproariously funny as terk. she also has a fiesty attitude (" ace ' m gonna bolt down ya! " she says, more than once ). i almost sung along with her during one of the film ' sec sound consequence, where the imitator score a mess of the human ' s camp, via song, erbium, scatting " shoo off - be - doo, da - be - dah ". i can see why she wanted to ingest a rock song for the film, she ' s a effective vocalizer. non that she be the solitary funny character in the film, though. wayne knight (who play stan in space crush) give a whimsically comical style to tantor, an elephant who be especially worried about stepping into " un - sanitary " water. ( thankfully, there be no existent sound of flatuence - that would have killed the picture ). the song, as i said before, represent decent, mostly sung by collins. this sets a raw measure for disney animated film because for the world class time, the characters practise not babble. i support musical numbers from characters a luck more than than some other guy cable would, but i detect this to exist a nice change of pace. the story do have elements of comedy in information technology, but they also load it with substantial spectacular touches, which establish this plastic film far better than the unbelieveably uninspired hercules. if there is anything disappoint astir tarzan, information technology might make up the deletion of the ' n sync version of " trashing the camp " from the film. i heard information technology on the soundtrack, and inquire where it was going to comprise. i exist trouble that information technology wasn ' t, because i had thought of taking a few friend of mine who like ' n sync to see tarzan of the apes. ohio, well. .. overall, i was transport with tarzan of the apes. i wouldn ' t hold it high the way i do with mulan or the humpback of notre chick (my all - time pet disney classic ), but this pic deserves a high place among walter elias disney ' s greatest achievements. i give a nod to disney for travel along upwards their spectacular * * * * * chef d'oeuvre, mulan, with this majuscule animated adaption of egar sir tim rice burrough ' s tarzan of the apes. 