carolco pic and dutch director apostle paul verhoeven (robocop) come in together to create the 1990 mega hit that is total callback. the moving picture is a masterpiece of set, action, and particular effects. action and skill fiction just don ' t draw any better than this! the story involves a expression worker advert little giant quaid (arnold schwarzenegger) who endure on solid ground with his beautiful wife lori (sharon gem ). quaid follow obsessed with mars and decides to go with the second intimately choice; a brain implant (fake memory) of a deuce hebdomad vacation on mars. while being plant a store cap is trigger off and the doctors realize that quaid ' s computer memory has previously been erased. now the people world health organization do information technology are after him. quaid must get hold out who he really is and wherefore these people require him dead. the plot unfolds at a rapid pace explain itself done dandy action, peculiar effects, and device after mind - boggling twist. it grabs you and ne'er lets go! this plastic film is a winner from begin to terminate. the plot is superb; combining the good element of science fiction and psychological mystery to make a split - holler saga. schwarzenegger gives his best operation ever, and the corroborate cast equal skilful too. the action and stunts comprise grand. the bent are huge and elaborate with a quite a little of attention payed to detail. the music and healthy essence live perfect for the film and really add a sure floor of impact to the natural action. the make - up effect by rob bottin (the howling, the thing, and robocop) are top nick, non to advert passing outlandish. the visual effects by ambition pursuit (the abysm) and industrial lighting and magic (star wars trilogy, jurassic park, and terminator 2) are phenomenal! the visuals had such a res publica of the art " slickness " that they succeed an oscar. of course of instruction the film international relations and security network ' t e'er realistic; it ' s more fiction than scientific discipline. for example, information technology is true that a dead body won ' t explode in the vacuum of space only in total recall they do. who give care? information technology ' s a movie. movies are supposed to entertain. and in my opinion this film accomplish an amusement level in film that is so terrific, information technology may represent out of the question to beat. 