the happy sob ' s quick motion picture show review me tarzan. .. you glad viewer. for a minute there, ane thought atomic number 53 was going to be groaning over the release of walter elias disney ' s latest, another adjustment of a legend from the past. ( remember the poor pocahontas? yikes! ) merely guess what - walt disney, a troupe that ' s been on a roll lately with animated movie, strike again with another wonderful story that pleases the middle as well as the inner kid in you. the story be pretty basic - tarzan of the apes be left orphaned and a female gorilla who ' s fall behind her young espouse him into her group. as he matures into a much older man, tarzan still wonders just now why he ' s so much different from the clan, and then arrives a hunter, a professor, and the prof ' s lovely daughter, jane - who conform to tarzan rather quickly after make in trouble with a group of feisty babboons. from there, tarzan faces tough choice - should he stay with the unity that helium grew up with or go unite his ain sort in england? the voicework here be pretty top - level. tony samuel goldwyn is very convincing as the ape man; minnie driver adds a delectable touching to the already - beautiful jane; nigel hawthorne makes for a pretty nasty hunter voice; rosie group o ' donnell maintain the laughs rolling as tarzan ' s secure ape friend terk; and wayne " newman " knight have his moments as a panicked elephant. the movie is superb throughout, fuse a dandy book with incredible computer - assisted visuals. when tarzan tree - surfs (a twist that be added on top of the same ol ' vine swinging - and a peachy i, i might add ), the photographic camera twirl and turning, allowing the trees all around to come to life vividly. one couldn ' thyroxine believe my eyes - disney has come a long way since starting in a ballroom for smasher and the beast. and the music ' s not half spoilt, either. fortunately, there ' s no laughable singing lineament hither, just a great set of strain by phil collins that perfectly suit the modality. there ' sulfur some great action episode here as intimately, include a wonderfully make pursual between tarzan, jane, and the aforementioned babboons. but, of trend, it ' s non all action - there ' s a content here every bit comfortably that has to serve with household. this follow easily 1 of walt disney ' s best animated films of the decade and it ' s one iodine can ' t wait to frame in my home program library. .. that is, if my videocassette recorder still solve in the year 2000. 