` range lola run ', a german moment that gained a astral repute at the sundance film festival, is a dazzling and kinetic photographic film that sight with the depicted object of fate and luck. for a berserk and retroactive 81 minutes of non - stop movement, we follow a fiery - haired heroine named lola (franka potente) as she sprints to save her boyfriend from the clutches of drug principal. lola has roughly twenty minutes to somehow retrieve 100, 000 marks in time to save manni (moritz bleibtreu) from being killed by the dealer. but, in something of a pseudo - ` groundhog twenty four hours ' approach, director tom tykwer gives lola three freestanding opportunity to best navigate her way toward the destination. in these tercet of episode, we gradually learn the singular effect of lot, for even if tiny changes are made in lola ' s journey, the future tense rear be earnestly altered. ` play lola run ' is an experience similar ` fight cabaret ' or ` the matrix ', in that each film take you through with a super - charged wormhole of bend realism in surreal and exciting ways. in addition, all three motion picture have a ocular style that separates them from the rest of the ingroup. ` lola ' make up no elision, with stylish warm - flash camera study and cinematography that serves as scintillating heart candy from the get - xtc. tykwer ' s world represent a landscape painting of humor and colour, with brilliant shades of red and pink (including lola ' s fiery hair) used as effective symbolism throughout. with it ' s visual style and mind - blowing pace, ` flow lola run ' is unrivaled of the to a greater extent invigorating movies of the twelvemonth. even to a greater extent so when view the fact it ' s all stuff rather nonchalantly into an 81 - minute time geological period. as a heroine, potente does little more than than runnel wildly through the street (as the title suggests ), but she has a sure flair and personal appeal. her admonitory running form made me wonder if she be really a track hotshot. in the meantime, bleibtreu does an equally fantastic job of land the dopey but passionate manni to life. both actors perform beyond the outcry of duty. the dazzling sport comes from forecast what each episode hold in store for lola, and the outcome is finally rewarding - several twist and turns embody unique and unexpected. the other characters lola prevail into (both advisedly and unknowingly) include her banker father god (herbert kraup) and a friendly security guard (armin rohde ), but aside from the two leads, no 1 has more than a few minutes of screen time. additional asterisk that couldn ' t possibly be ignored exist cinematographer plainspoken griebe and editor in chief mathilde bonnefroy, who are both responsible for the film ' s eye - catch optical elegance. ` run lola ladder ' is subtitled, so be set up to assemble the challenge of reading the lightning - fasting dialogue - occasional sections of information technology be especially fast. this is only one of the small chores involved in watch. the former is the sense that we never induce to really recognize world health organization the veridical multitude are in this overactive situation. most are just chess pieces in tykwer ' s elaborate biz of visual display, and he ne'er really makes a substantial move with any. but, the mediocre viewer comprise likely to be so absorbed in the action at law that few volition realize the lack of effectiveness in a few elements of the screenplay. a few petty larceny beef aside, this picture show is a wild, exhilarating ride that turn maniacally on its wheel of originality. most masses believe foreign films are mainly boring, gabby part studies. perhaps ` run lola track down ' bequeath recharge their batteries. non only does this cinema pass insight into some intriguing questions of fate and destiny, it also return a white - knuckle joint ocular rollercoaster ride of consuming audacity. comparable how the experience must have been for the persistent championship character, ` run for lola running game ' is consume. 