get you ever wonder if decease equal something that simply happens naturally, at any given bit, in life? or if information technology be an occurrence that is predetermine by some much larger force within the earth, or outside of it? these thought - provoking questions cost the subject of " net terminus, " which constitute the most gripping revulsion - drama since 1999 ' s " the sixth common sense. " stylishly take and tautly directed by " x - files " alum james wong, the film deals with several fairly heavy matter that are talk over truthfully by teenage characters (in accurately spell " teen - speak, " rather than overwrought, highly intellectualized dialog that even harvard scholars wouldn ' t use ), all the piece develop into a darkly foreboding, severely eerie thriller that successfully leaves you uneasy from the horrifyingly genuine opening twenty minutes to the less - successful, but still suspenseful epilogue. at the start of the celluloid, 17 - twelvemonth - old high school older alex browning (devon sawa) is about to lead with his forty - student gallic grade for a field trip to paris. progressively getting a case of preflight jitter, he spots several mystic " happenstance, " including the departure time being 9: xxv, the same as his september xxv birthday, as well as get wind the john denver song " rocky mountain high " all over the sound system in the airport bath. " lav denver snuff it in a plane crash, " alex grudgingly mutters to himself. at one time seated, alex on the spur of the moment get a horrific premonition about the plane exploding upon takeoff, and after induce a tumult onboard, he, every bit well as six other students and a teacher, be thrown off. argue in the airport anteroom, alex ' s suspicion comes true when the plane truly does blow up in flight, pour down all ccc + passengers, including the rest of their schoolmate. as two investigators interrogate alex astir how helium knew the plane was go to explode, the fellow survivors, whom helium have got redeem, treat him in varying personal manner. carter (kerr smith ), the hotshot athletic supporter, holds him in disrespect because he believe that it is only he himself who give the axe decide his fate. alex ' s best friend, tod (chad atomic number 99. donella ), want to remain firm by him only can ' t because of his fearful parents. the instructor, mister. lewton (kristen cloke ), is frightened by him, believing that it was he who somehow caused the disaster, as well as in a country of guilt for give up her seat on the sheet to a fellow coworker. simply outsider clear river (ali larter ), who unboarded the plane due to a sudden connection to alex ' s forewarning yet though she have never even spoken to him before, is charitable and thankful to him for saving her life. that be only the apparatus of " final finish, " and the less said astir what conform to, the good. suffice to say, the film perform, indeed, change state into a slasher film, albeit one that is more thoughtful than most, and supercede a knife - wielding maniac for the ne'er - seen granddaddy killer of them all, the grim reaper itself. the setpieces in any horror movie be the death scenes, and " last name and address " for certain boosts some of the most inventive ones to adorn the silver concealment in years. graphic and brilliantly orchestrated in a rube goldbergesque fashion, they manage to now and again be thus acute you don ' mt know whether to shrink down in your seat, tap your feet in nervousness, or turn aside. devon sawa, a arise star who put his forcible comedy acquisition to good exercise in 1999 ' randomness underseen slasher - clowning, " idle hands, " personify even more than of a charismatic front here. the conflicting emotions helium feels for his survival, which helium come to believe atomic number 2 wasn ' t meant to do, as well as the loss of the other passengers, is marvellously and subtly acted on his part. 1 scene, in which he is watching a word story on the crash and slowly begins to break down be peculiarly realistic and powerful. ali larter (1999 ' s " varsity blue sky " ), in the other central role, is also effective, as a girl whose life be going well until her father died in a convenience store shooting years before, leaving her stuck with an increasingly uncaring mother world health organization married a loutish mankind - - the exact opposite of her now - deceased father. the former roles exist non as fully compose, and most remain rather one - dimensional. the moving picture is mainly sawa ' southward, however, and the rest of the thespian fit themselves well in modified roles. tony todd (1992 ' s " candyman " ), as an arcane dead room meeter, pops upward for a five - instant cameo, but his appearance be rather surplus. and the aforementioned dialogue from time to time hits the bullseye, while at early times it hovers over being just a little too stilted and campy. ultimately, what be and so good about " final destination " is that, within the confines of the slasher genre, author - director wong and screenwriters glen j. p. morgan and jeffrey reddick have created a premise that has never been seen before in this manner, and a film that has the ability to both surprisal and frighten - - two things that be rarely found in today ' s repulsion films. if anything, information technology ' s safe to say you will never always look at flying in airplanes the same room once again. 