one of the practiced film i ' ve ever visit. 1 ' 500 heard extremely unspoilt matter about this flick, and though the previews didn ' t really intrigue that a lot, information technology was a movie i ' d constitute anticipating for a few months now. for some understanding i ' m not sure of - this movie be not that big a sucess over in the uracil. s. information technology was a definite collision with the critic, just didn ' t precisely set any box seat office records. after take in this incredibly well directed, write and acted movie, single seat ' t help only wonder - why? the metier of this photographic film is information technology ' s gritty realism. the master character are all human with individual flaws, no stereophonic system - type hollywood heroes. you may not agree with many of their actions in the movie or their feeler to life story, but that is what makes it thus material. i had expect this moving picture show to be more of a drama than a thriller, but iodin was mistake. even the interrogation scenes prompt at such a pace thence that information technology felt just as thrilling as any car pursual. and the finish. .. .. . whoa. i ' ve never encounter a movie in my life history where everyone in it act brilliantly. the three male person leads - guy pearce, kevin spacey and lillian russell crowe are all just terrific. the ' best actor ' oscar talk wall this film should give netted one of them a statue, only there is unmatchable trouble there. how could they have chosen between these tierce player? there is no way i could look at this film and allege i of them be good than the other two. it ' s impossible. kim bassinger ' s performance be also a revelation. iodine ' 500 ne'er been a big sports fan of hers before and always retrieve she was, well. .. what ' s the watchword - a twinky? that printing has change, as she complemented crowe and pearce perfectly. the depth to the history and characters be truly astounding. no cardboard characters hither. the plot of ground is full of twists and turning and some really clever sequences. pearce ' s interogation of three seperate defendant is nothing forgetful of brilliant. atomic number 53 really can ' t defect this flick at all. iodin was therefore glad to see fellow australian ' mho pearce and crowe star in such a breathless movie. i had been very familiar with russell crowe beforehand from his many australian films, but had not seen a lot of guy rope pearce. i intend to change this adjacent clock time i visit the telecasting store: ) 