information technology ' s firmly not to recommend " the others. " the supernatural thriller, spell and directed by alejandro amen? bar (" open your eyes " ), adroitly establishes and maintains a low - samara atmosphere of threat. the cinematography, by javier aguirresarobe, exist as unspoilt as i get ever seen and nicole kidman gives another in her growing organic structure of fine execution. but the pacing of the story relocation from deliberate to downright inert and the payoff of the tale forget me less than fulfil. overall, the film plays like a real high quality rendering of any number of old " nightfall zone " episodes where the characters pass a large deal of time wandering astir looking afraid and disoriented, only to discover they be actually a child ' s toy, a military test subject beaver state a department store dummy. watching those vintage display and listening to the players tattle, i perpetually want to shout, " fix on with information technology! " as much as i appreciate the atmosphere and acting in " the others, " my reaction follow much the like. set at an island mansion off the sea coast of england during earth war ii, the story focalise on grace (kidman ), who tend to her nipper anne (alakina thomas mann) and nicholas (james bentley) and worries astir her husband, jacques alexandre cesar charles (saint christopher eccleston ), a missing serviceman. anne and nicholas suffer from photosensitivity and seemliness patrol the estate with the key to all l doors, protect the footling ones from extra light by making sure that only one door equal open at a time. at the rootage of the film, three servants, mrs. james mill (fionnula flanagan ), immature, mute lydia (elaine cassidy ), and mister. tuttle (eric sykes ), an aging nurseryman, join the family. the ii that speak seem conformable enough at first, but it soon get apparent that they have it off something that grace set non. to make issue worse, the children be overturn: nicholas is unusually jittery and anne claims to be assure spectre. seemliness attempts to blame the troubles on the fresh arrivals to her plate, only to realize that whatever be happening be beyond them. that ' south essentially the whole storey, with the tenseness grow until the polar moment when everything becomes clear. earlier, thither be an outstanding scene where grace darts outside, only to follow enfold in fold after fold of shimmer fog. the visuals in the transcendental episode, courtesy of aguirresarobe, embody simply astounding. unity also enjoyed the comportment of faith, a peculiarity in films dealing with the supernatural. grace is a christian and answers her kid ' s questions about sprightliness and demise with the assurance of a devout worshiper. when mother is away, though, the kids think over whether her statements are fact or folklore, hardly as real tiddler make. but those courteous signature conk out to enliven a film that is too slow or do upward for a lusterless ending. " the others " set out to exist a classic ghost story, but flunk to grasp that special something that take a shit such films to a greater extent than layers of mist. 