non since 1996 ' s shine, which star geoffrey rush as pianist david helfgott, get a movie so defiantly laid bare the lives of humanity - course of instruction musicians. in fact, if one be to watch these films together, information technology would almost surely digest as a convincing argumentation that a life of music naturally leads to all varieties of societal ills. until now hilary and jackie, the sophomore effort from director anand tucker, has something more to aver - - information technology softly merely powerfully explores the complex relationships of sibling rivalry and love in a very compelling tale. emily watson and rachel d. w. griffith comprise the leads in this narration, playing the sisters du pr?. both musicians from childhood, hilary (griffith) is renowned flute player while jacqueline (john broadus watson) is easy as skilled on the violoncello. the 2 comepete for and deliver the goods many honors as children and as young woman, both together and seperate. their calling as musicians surpass and then bow to one another ' southward, and although their lives take very different itinerary - - hilary settles down to marriage and a phratry while rachel skips across the globe on a universe concert duty tour - - they are bound together by their bass family love. the performances of watson and griffiths are excellent in style and substance. they contrast each other wonderfully, and while watson ' s characterization of jackie du pr? exist at time eccentric and perhaps disagreeable, both characters be consign with emotion. the frank cottrell boyce script, which represent based on the book by hilary and pier du porto rico? , brings a great passel of profoundness to these characters equally easily. the script be too to be commended for its well - polish dual nature. cottrell boyce adopts a style which one might expect to see in a mystery thriller (which be in fact the event with david koepp and robert towne ' s script for mission: unimaginable) and skilfully molds it to the storey of 2 rising musician on different courses to fame. the latter parts of his script are controversial to say the least, and the rather depressing terminate take the wind out of an envigorating narration. some volition leave this movie feeling disfranchise. nevertheless, hilary and jackie is a movie that attain an upper echelon of contemporary film through solid basics and is a enough lookout man all around. 