what make you get when you mix clueless and dumb and dumber? to answer the question, you get director jacques louis david mirkin ' s fresh comedy romy and michele ' s high school reunification. romy white (mira sorvino, right aprhodite) and michele weinberger (lisa kudrow, tv ' s friends) have been inseparable buddies since they calibrate from sagebrush high in 1987. however, when former class fellow heather mooney (janeane garafolo, the truth astir kat and click) confronts romy about the 10 year reunion, she is amaze that she forgot. watching pretty woman for the um - teenth time, they are reminded of how they wouldn ' t let julia roberts ' quality store in the expensive store because of her appearance. then it hit them: they are non successful. what are she and michele die to do? romy ' s instant root is lose some weight off their already slender form, " bulge a duet of boyfriends, " and get jobs. romy say this will be easy, but michele retorts that if information technology is so easy, why hadn ' liothyronine they already done it. robin schiff ' s script keep the show moving with some gracious i - liners. one of the better give romy reminiscing about her liveliness ' s engagement against the bathroom scales. " iodine was so prosperous getting mono, " she say looking at her thinnest gamy school picture. " that be similar the best diet of all time. " the casting for the film is indeed perfect that one start out to surmise that the leads were opt and then the handwriting was germinate. romy and michele use their mellow school day yearbook to discuss the caste system at their high pitched school. the film ' s editor jacques louis david finfer unfreeze the distillery from the yearbook to live activity flashbacks which makes the past cum to life. at sagebrush high, the pecking order consisted of the a radical (cheerleader ), the group b radical (dramatic play club) and the c radical (nerds ). romy and michele were none of the above. ridiculed as " the weirdoes, " they be incessant object for abuse. still though they were quite attractive, they get and then much fun being together that they did not care about the others. that they cook their ain outlandish clothes helped keep the bulwark around them. complement romy and michele ' s lightness, is janeane garofalo as the dark, pudgy heather mooney. broom, who invented a new cigarette newspaper for butt with " twice the gustation in one half the time for the gal on the cristal, " has the success and the money that they would like. broom was even more of an foreigner than they were in high school day. garofalo ' s one - dimensional part is simply a side show. this is a two someone flick with the early characters there simply for the two leads to bounce their line cancelled of. the genuine chemistry between sorvino and kudrow makes for a mellisonant and sometimes touching funniness. they possess therefore much fun act as out their section, their enjoyment bed covering to the audience. , 