available for rental - oct 12, 1999 10 things i detest about you be an update of the classic sport, the taming of the shrew. that said, drop any pre - conceived notion of what shakespeare ' s work is supposed to be like and welcome yourself to padua high school, home of a student counselor (allison janney) who obsesses over the male penis; a slightly too hip and racist african - american english teacher (daryl mitchell ); a new kid named cameron (joseph gordon - levitt ); a model named joey (andrew keegan ), the subject of cameron and joey ' s crushes; bianca (larisa oleynik ); and bianca ' s sister - the termagant (julia stiles in a marvelous performance) - whose name live katarina, kat for short. with movies about gamy schools similar to these run through projectors like water bolt down the nile, it would be quite wanton to write polish off 10 things ane hate almost you as just another cloddish comedic - romance. yet, you must realize that the story is timeless, and a few hundred years later it is equally as witty and amusing as when elizabeth joyfully look on, groundlings below and stuffed brassieres on level. the first reminder of the original scribe can be plant in katarina and bianca ' s last name: stratford. their family exist run by walter stratford (pretty woman ' southward larry alton glenn miller ), a doctor who is all excessively intimate with teenage pregnancy and guard his minor accordingly. in what he recall to personify a moment of ironic humour, the family " no date " policy is amend to " bianca stern date. .. when [ katarina] do. " with prom just ahead, bianca ' s fate is downcast; unless, of row, she displace domesticate the shrewmouse. father ' t think this mission to be a simple i, as bianca kindly point out, her sister ". .. is a peculiarly outrageous strain of loser. " getting katarina to date is complex and oftentimes confusing. when cameron, who likes bianca, learns of her father ' s new rule, helium is quick to look up a admirer for advice. the schema they dream up is to in full exploit " someone with money. " in this display case, that is joey - the other guy with a press on bianca. cameron ' s friend, a loser by teenage verdict, convinces joey to compensate person world health organization experience enough guts to involve the shrew out. the result lies no farther forth than the second blazing reminder of the master scribe: st. patrick verona (heath ledger ). this verona is far from fairish; rumor has information technology that he antecedently lay his scene in prison. moreover, katarina openly speak out to the aforementioned english teacher that " hemingway was an alky world health organization hung around picasso, hoping to nail his remnant. " the jurisprudence of mellow school cinema inexorably turn patrick and katarina into romeo and juliet. providing a unremitting monitor of the fact that this isn ' t exactly what william shakspere had in mind are the component obligatory to a high school comedy: a party polluted with liquor, a best friend ' s treason, and prom. it equal the latter that has suit infamous for closing films like effort maine crazy, american pie, ne'er been kissed, carrie, she ' s altogether that, and can ' t scarcely wait. yet sure even these practices take roots in shakespeare; sir john falstaff was a drunk, romeo and juliet met at a party, and gaius julius caesar learned astir loyalty the severe way. 