i really am a fan of the original 1961 beaver state so live - action - disney flick of the same name starring hayley john stuart mill double as a pair of twin, separated at birth by divorcing parents, never to come in contact with the other so the parent never have to meet again. and everyone should know how i feel astir remakes, especially of motion picture i happen to enjoy (my fallacy: unless you ' re going to either capture the like exact spirit of the original or do something different with it or peradventure even both, just wrack your brain and derive up with a * gasp * new idea ). this remake was non originally on the summit of my viewing listing, and was in reality quite the reverse. contemporary live - action - walter elias disney picture are not one of my favorties, anyway: they ' re unremarkably unfunny, alienating, and a big fatty tissue bore, at least to anyone over the age of 11 and above the iq of 10. this one, however, is shockingly non tough. in fact, information technology ' s actually good. not the original good, only what ' s great about it be that it doesn ' t necessarily remold the original or seizure the same exact life as it fare become entertaining for the same exact reasons the original was entertaining. because it ' s cute and innocent fun. because information technology has a fairly killer plot that is unceasingly fun to follow along with. because the lead star is vastly appealing. because the parents are also vastly appealing. and (iodine ' chiliad reiterate myself) because it ' s cute and innocent fun. on that point ' s zip too risque about it, preserve the plot (the idea of separating twins and deny them the truth for age is ominously selfish, but that is precisely the point of the movie ), and it ' s aimed directly at either kids, adults world health organization want to remember the original, or young adults who want to commemorate what it was like to cost a kid. i, personally, am someplace between the second and tertiary. i can vividly remember when my taste in motion picture show wasn ' t thus weird or diverse (the names godard and kubrick weren ' t even a glimmer in my right oculus back then ), when i would tune in every sunday night for a couple years to see abc ' s " wonderful world of disney, " where they ' d show you a resilient - action and / or made - for - tv disney movie an hour per week. i can remember my mom taking my sister and i along with all my friends and their mothers to witness all the rereleased disney films (alike " gentlewoman and the tramp " and " pinnochio " ). and, most sadly, i think back every undivided christmas, without fail, there were a barage of children ' s animated half - minute shows, made only for the christmastide season, that ane wouldn ' t dare leave out. iodin keister even remember seeing the make - for - tv " parent snare ii " on tv one night, and after i had seen that i over and over and over over again, i saw the original " parent gob. " information technology ' s more of a late puerility picture, because it deals with the issue of divorcement, but information technology deals with it in a disney - ized adaptation. it ' s playful, and witty, and charming, and if one project it for the first time decent now, having never experienced that part of my childhood, i ' d plausibly dismiss information technology. i ' d probably do the like for the new version of the like pic if i hadn ' thymine seen the original at such a pure years. watch information technology, iodine could remember what fun it was to watch a disney film, and how divorce for me started to get maine thinking astir the possibility of my seemingly - perfect parents splitting upward, and how it affected my adolescence. and also how it brushed that care turned with a smooth stroke, and pointed out that even in the most fucked - up of situation, things could always work out out if you, good, manipulate things a bit, at least for the better. this new version coiffe that for pine tree state, only it ' s also charming in it ain way. information technology has a new cast, a contemporary feel, and, for the beginning metre in awhile for a springy - action - walter elias disney picture show, a tone that isn ' t corny or condescending, but just right. the moments that would otherwise seem corny be actually affecting in a safe kind of room. and for the 1st time since the original plastic film, the kids really know better than the foolish adult. the story is basically classic by now, repeated almost as many times as akira kurosawa ' s " the vii samurai ": a pair of twin (played here by lindsay lohan, just like they be played by hayley mills in the original) comprise separated at birthing by their divorcing parents. one, annie, is sent to hold out with the mother (natasha richardson, resemble her mother, genus vanessa redgrave, more than i had ever noticed) in london, where she live with her parents and her devoted, foppish samuel butler (simon kunz ), as she works as a swingin ' fashion couturier. she get up refined and classy, but too with a keen knowledge in sport and poker game - playing. the other, hallie, is sent to northern california with her male parent (dennis quaid) to live on a vinery with their shammer - maid (lisa ann walter ), and grows upward rugged yet trance. they both come across at the same camp, one that annie desire to go to to become more rugged. they feud because they look all - excessively similar, and are thus in pie eyed competitor, which outcome in some nasty pranks, which winds them in seclusion together in a individual, out - of - the - way cabin. in that respect, they become acquaintance, then learn about eachother. once they know everything, they concoct a strategy to switch places and then the one tin meet the early parent, whom they ' ve only heard of. they learn about eachother ' s lives in detail, they fix sure they look alike (which requires hair cutting and, notoriously, ear - piercing - a tantrum which is like the kiddie adaptation of the hypodermic needle scene in " pulp fable " ), and when the end of summer comes, they swap and hope for the best. vachel lindsay arhant doesn ' t necessarily replicate the acting style of hayley mills in the original. but she comes away just as appealing as she perform once. she do, though, impart a couple new thing: she makes the california twin a little more sympathetic and the london pair a bit more point blank and clubby than the snotty and right original, respectively. she also adds on an american and british accent to each one, with one cook the other dialect throughout, and if you really take notice, you can see that the fake ace ' accents aren ' t exactly stark. she ' s also incredibly appealing, not simply cute, which be especially notable since this is her beginning feature film, and we know how ill famed minor actors be, peculiarly in their first films. she makes a great protagonist, and information technology only helps that the supporting cast embody as appealing. dennis quaid, in fact, hasn ' t be this likable in astir a decade - his big dumb smile and near cocky attitude is what has hit him a notable actor in the past, not scarcely that helium ' s mr. meg ryan. ditto natasha sir ralph david richardson (except that she just hasn ' t ever be this likable period ). the 2 micturate a winning couple, maybe not thusly winning as maureen o ' hara and the late brian keith in the original, but they still work for this film. instead of the bickering that ensue in the original, the film adds another dimension and another angle to their characters that was amiss in the original: during the first step credits, we see glimpses from their courtship on the qe2, where they fall speedily and madly in love with eachother, and when back together again, the film ' s more smarmy tantrum come off as actually sentimental, but in that great way, not the migraine - inducing way as in many such films. this all brings this new " parent trap " to a level of entertainment that hasn ' t really existed since, well, the original movie years ago, even my money the good lively - action - walt disney film of all time. this is because it has a form of tidings and wit that makes such plot points as an otherwise stock villainous love interest subplot (a atomic number 79 - digging sharon lucy stone type, played by elaine hendrix, who ' s deliciously tormented by the similitude afterwards on in the celluloid) a treat instead of a bore. like the original, this film exceed all the crap that information technology very well could be (lawsuit in point: " it take two " starring the olsen twins) because it treats the tike as the smart ones, and the adult as the silly unity, non the other way around. and because, above everything, it knows precisely how to be charming without bite hit more than it hindquarters manducate. however, in comparison with the original, information technology could live a bit better. sure scene work substantially, but not nearly as well as they work in the original. i liked the way the parents fought all over past dilemnas and so fought ended falling in honey again better than i liked watching deuce one time flames getting back together over a bottle of wine - somehow, feuding is always more cinematic and please than mere reminscing, a lesson extracted from the howard war hawk / cary grant films of past times. and as much as this film transcend bare cutedom, compared to the original, this film almost drowns in cutedom. the original, though not gritty, be far more than conventionalized and precisely as worthy for adult audiences as it be for young audience. as such, this remake english hawthorn never be nearly as great or classic as the original flick, but it at least knows how to treat its source material with self regard and respectfulness, and how to create well nigh the same upshot without bordering on plagerism or petty irritation. 