" reb without a suit " is such an of import photographic film in american history because information technology be a true analysis of youth in america that everyone of all ages can relate to. everyone flavour that they are different in some way, that they don ' t belong in some position and " rebel without a causal agent " successfully demo on screenland these general emotions. no matter what contemporaries you belong to, these tone are present. this is why james dean is admire by america, because in this plastic film he represents united states all and his actions are natural action that we would also execute. in our mind, we barely try to do the right thing just like doyen ' s jim stark does. non only does " rebel without a movement " display these cosmopolitan emotions for all to relate to but it also read that america have suffered a uniqe pattern in its social construction. each generation look at its past generation without a strong connector. this is because times exchange and in response people exchange. no subject how popular you were at one time, as your generation grows older, newer breeds look at you in a different lighting. this is why utter and his friends never could work a strong human relationship with their parents. even if their parent insist that they were too malcontent and troublesome in the past, the teens could non believe this. in one humorous vista, stark, his girlfriend judy (natalie wood ), and his pal plato (sal mineo) make believe they follow adults. they habituate upper class british emphasis and in their conversations they make it out to appear that kids are no well and should constitute ignored. this view shows that what was formerly cool in a past generation be the complete opposite in another. speaking on behalf of my coevals, ane feel that dean have lose a lot of his coolness from our linear perspective as the age feature grown by. the only ones who seem to still celebrate him are those member of his generation. same go for brando, redford, even deniro. i can only imagine how vaguely matte damon, ben affleck, and brad pitt testament be see at the mid compass point of the twenty first one c. will dean even be remembered when these newcomers live block? any film that sparks this sort of idea be certainly a milestone in american film. even if " rebel without a cause " has some ridiculous scenes (the biz of chicken - did multitude genuinely act this way? ), an incredible finish (how did everyone end up at the abandoned star sign at the end? ), and a silly love affair (wood declares her love for dean after talking to him for a couple hours) it still is a fabulous moving picture. the acting cost therefore believable that it be no wonder that dean was considered the prototype of cool. now, all the same, the nip follow fading. .. 