jay and silent bob strike back tin can rightfully personify subtitled " kevin smith ' s great striking " for the film is comprise of numerous references and character from smith ' s earlier work including, shop assistant, shopping mall rats. chasing amy and dogma. so, represent advised: bone upwardly on that cinematic quartet in gild to achieve the maximum delectation from ian smith ' s latest outing. kevin smith must be a very likeable person because several good variation took a ton of chaff in this feature, nigh notably miramax, the studio whose subsidiary, property films, is jay and silent bobsled ' s distributor. others deserve accolades let in ben affleck, matt damon, directors gus van zant and wes craven and the mighty george lucas. this is a laugh - filled, afoul - mouthed road moving picture show with jay (jason mewes) and silent bob (smith) hitching to hollywood to sabotage miramax ' s production of bluntman and chronic, comic book characters ground on the two new jersey shirker. jay ' atomic number 16 convoluted abstract thought be that if the film is shut down, people on the internet will blockade insulting him and bob, even though it is not him and bobsled the the great unwashed are dissing, but rather their comical book twin. no topic, the duo begin their long trek hitching drive across the country. but first they have some tips from a seasoned hitchhiker, play by george carlin, world health organization tells them to follow " the record book " - the rules of the road. of course jay ' s interpretation immediately gets the duad in trouble with a favorable nun (carrie fisher) who offers them a ride. john jay and silent bobtail contains adequate laughs that the motion picture ' s weaker aspects - which let in a lame subplot about a girl crowd of diamond stealer every bit well as a buffoonish federal park ranger played by will ferrell - can be easily tolerated. real, how can you not laugh at a flick in which our heroes are picked upward by the mystery van, and jay has a toilet - induced hallucination concerning velma and daphne. the movie ' sulfur highlight, though, be near the close. in hollywood, john jay and silent bob sneak onto the miramax lot where they crash the set and personify mistaken for extras of the latest affleck - damon picture, proficient will hound 2: hunting season. here we are secluded to a uproarious conversation between affleck and damon in which the two order down each early ' s careers and film choices. and the laughs go forward to raise. next improving is jason (american proto indo european) biggs and james (dawson ' s creek) van der beek, the doer chosen to impersonate bluntman and chronic. the pair mistake jay and silent bobtail for their stunt doubles. finally, come a star wars homage feature unity of the stars of that fabled feature. this spot will leave you howl. smith ' s obvious affection for popular culture icons is evident in the way atomic number 2 scud these scenes and handles his performers. he allows them to play information technology all tongue - in - brass. their fun comes through with the screen to the interview. it be excessively regretful that this is jay and silent bob ' s swan song. the characters have grown since their supporting role debut in clerks. but smith realizes that times have changed, and he doesn ' liothyronine require his creation to outstay their welcome. and then smith give birth provided them with just now the right kind of exit, saving the best for last. goodbye jay and silent bob. at least you ' re going out with a blast. 