> from the humans who presented us with william henry: the portrait of a serial killer (hexad. 5 / decade ) come a wild story stage set within the elite and white trash of florida ' s dixie coast. secret plan: guidance counselor (dillon) is accused of raping one and only of his student. she happens to be the girl of one of the wealthiest women in fl. the counsel follow brought to court on the explosive charge, as another white hot trash daughter (joseph campbell ), also joins the rape finger - pointing nightclub. as the account unfolds, we find that many thing aren ' t exactly as they seem (that ' s equally much as i could tell without ruining anything ). criticism: good picayune flick that slows downward at certain detail, and runs a shade long, but generates adequate twists and work to keep most people interested throughout. head you, i could see many mass not like it because it takes " one and only too many " twists and turns, but hey, ane happen to like that form of thing. and besides, the twisting and turns in this movie managed to remain within the realm of credibleness (or scathingly faithful to ), and even " explained " many of its bend with a showcase of missed scene during the credit crawl at the end of the film (do not leave the theater before you see the credits. .. information technology really get along make up some clobber! ! ). other than that, the playing was good, with joseph campbell transforming her " expert girl stereotypic " character into a corporation - smoke, goth - looking white trash chick out for a expert time. denise i. a. richards (from spaceship trooper (7 / x) celebrity) solidifies herself as hollywood ' s jelly - donut pinup fille of the moment, and proves that all breast implants needn ' t lead to causa. bacon embody substantial, and so is dillon (while go forward to prove his unfitness to age to the whole wide wondering world! ! ). sprinkle the story with a bunch o ' shot of alligator peeking through the swamp waters, sir francis bacon showing the world the size of his ding - dong (do we really need to see this? ? ), a couple of sapphic kissing scenes, and a menage - a - trois, and you ' ve got yourself a decent time at the film theatre. on the down incline, the soundtrack equal not as outstanding (or slick) as i thought information technology would be, and theresa russell (substantial name: theresa paup) seems to get lost her way in every which way possible. .. . ooooh, i almost forget bill james augustus henry murray ' s exquisite function as the down - trodden lawyer who agrees to defend dillon in courtyard. sir james murray actually added that extra niggling spice of humour that allowed this film to substantiate its position as a kinky little noirish tale of sexual activity, rapacity and mystery story. little known facts: neve joseph campbell specified a non - nudity article in her contract bridge (she ' s likewise deliver in guelph, lake ontario. .. go hoser! ) director saint john mcnaughton say helium deleted a scene that would have shown matt dillon and kevin bacon shower together, as it be gratuitous. kevin viscount st. albans plays in a banding with his brother, call up the bacon brothers, is married to actress kyra sedgwick, and sustain a biz based on him called " six degrees of kevin roger bacon ". 