( notation: thither are spoilers regarding the plastic film ' southward climax; the election, of course ) we see matthew broderick, a man torn to a primeval state; he ' s been treasonable to his married woman, lied to and manipulate his students, and by the like token they ' ve demeaned his masculinity, his self - deference, his despairing attempt at interchange the world. and yet, he equates the campaign of his pain, his harassment, with tracy flick (reese witherspoon ). no affair how many bookman have come and become, and disappointed him as an educator, she ' s the real threat. about to give in, and divulge that she ' s won by only a lone vote, broderick ' s mccalister turn in defeat, ensure spencer tracy ' s euphoric celebration in the outside corridor and say, ' no '. the fact that atomic number 2 simultaneously hunger after her ideologically further illustrates that freudian foundation of entitlement which all men, no topic how obscure, have in their relationship; a traditional expectation of succeeder, to usurp and surpass women as a proverbial industry. she can ' t go high than him. he won ' t allow it. and what ' s nonplus about " election " is that every word of that criticism is draw from a rather unintelligible metaphor. early in the film we learn that tracy was romantically, and and so sexually, involved with a now leave teacher. it ' s like payne and elizabeth taylor, his co - screenwriter, have taken spencer tracy, a lady friend desperate for friendship, loyalty, and almost contrarily drawn the mythological pattern of kids who were thus utterly rejected by their peers, that they found baby sit at the teacher ' lunch table more fitting, to an unlikely extreme with her as the protagonist. and it ' s baffle the compassion that we have; it seems so real to u, and not merely because information technology ' s happened before, splashed all over the figurehead pages, but, because of the all around " nice " persona of these people, we easily send packing the truly wayward deed of the characters. it ' s with mandy barnett ' s " if you ' ll live the teacher " playing winsomely over the closing credits that payne skewers the tenet of his knocker most; a net, viscous shot of bittersweet irony. sex, though, is not the solitary basis for payne ' s satire, or its achiever. it besides makes a revealing item about politics, friendship, and class bound. irony represent required (beaver state ought to be, anyway) to take itself seriously, oregon human action so, while the interview does not. it ' s a okay line of credit to straddle, but some film ignore it altogether (" drop dead gorgeous " leap infuriatingly to beware ). payne and taylor hit the right chord; their characters be existent people: neither be gross, but rather both of the leads are blemish, misguided individuals world health organization continue, somewhat, imposing intentions at heart. we sympathize with them, but stock still, as a sarcasm, their idiosyncratic behavior, and their misconduct, follow taken to an extremum for the audience to knowingly chuckle, merely also reflect and meditate, about. subtraction one half a point, though, for payne admitting not to having see " ferris bueller ' s day sour ". whatsoever. 