unity ' ve ne'er constitute a brobdingnagian devotee of jeff bridges, but i loved him in the big lebowski. the region of jeff " the dude " lebowski represent reportedly written specifically with bridge in thinker, and the fit exist perfect. the dude is an unemployed denizen of los angeles, a hippie slovenly person on a bowling squad with a soft spot for snowy russian. helium ' s enjoying a leisurely soak in the tub when 2 thugs give away into his apartment demanding to be paid for the money his wife owes. after much pleading atomic number 2 convert them they have the incorrect guy, but not before they urinate on his rug. the fellow assumes that these " collection factor " were after another jeff lebowski, a far famed millionaire who also lives in l. a. so he goes to meet his namesake to ask for enough money to supercede his rug. the millionaire refuse, merely calls him back when he discovers his married woman has been abduct. he want the dude to act as go - between for the kidnapper. dude and his friend bruno walter (john goodman) get on the task, and get caught in an intricate vane of kidnapers, millionaire, high pitched schoolers, nihilists, artist, pornographers, thugs, and league bowlers. funniness is perhaps the nearly immanent of genre, so take my testimonial as you volition: for me, the crowing lebowski be very funny. it equal an improbably successful comedy, the ratio of laughs to intended prank a great deal higher than in most films. non only are the deuce leads (bridges and benjamin david goodman) funny individually and together, but each supporting character follow a fresh comic figure. all the characters end astir as the butt of joke, but the antic equal always deserve and never contrived. each person may be a funny imitation, simply there is constantly a reverential self - banker's acceptance that let us laugh at these masses without condescension. the characters are firmly established, and they never interchange their behaviour for a quick, cheap laugh. information technology ' s non what they coiffure that ' s funny, information technology ' s who they are, which is wherefore the playing is so crucial, and so successful, in this flick. worth mentioning personify john turturro as jesus (that ' s jee - zus, not hay - soos ), the greaser bowler world health organization ' second in a lusty marriage with the game; julianne moore as the post - post - feminist artist whose work has been described as " vaginal; " steve buscemi as the aegir tagalong bowler who is constantly rebuked and ignored by teammates dude and walter; and sam elliott as the rambling, long - winded narrator. aside from the functioning, what make all the characters funny and interesting is the sharp dialogue. multitude fall back caravan of thought, they interrupt, they bluster, they repeat themselves, they ingeminate their friends. .. they sound natural. taken with fargo, the coen brother ' last film, it is evidence that the brothers be observing auditor and gifted writers. ethan coen is not just good at directing actors, helium ' s also secure at expert directing. he and cinematographr roger deakins created a beautiful domain on film. maybe " beautiful " is the ill timed word; nihilists, rug - pissers and hood are not objects of mantrap. just the bowling photography and a series of viking / bowling fantasy ambition sequence are fondly photographed, as though the buster himself were in charge of immortalizing them on moving picture. all around, the big lebowski be heavy, solid drollery. outstanding playacting, writing, charge and photography all combine to get this a smashing comic success. 