elmore leonard has quickly get one of hollywood ' s favorite authors. out of four spot film adaptations in as many geezerhood, the witty and inventive out of sight gives get shorty a run for its money as the best leonard adjustment around. george clooney star as seaman foley, a nice bank robber. .. you know the type, atomic number 2 uses his spell and his wit rather than a heavy weapon. but even charm guys end up ill omened, and doodly squat ends up in jail. but not for long. he plots an escape with the help of his good protagonist, and fellow robber, buddy braxton bragg (ving rhames ), and their slow - witted pothead associate, john herschel glenn jr. michaels (steve zahn ). but jack didn ' t count on uracil. s. marshal karen sisco (jennifer lopez ). seem at the right place at the wrong meter, karen grow involved in foley ' s safety valve attempt and the subsequent manhunt to bring him in. however, karenic develops a rapport with sea dog foley, and finds that she begrudgingly wish the guy. only, can screw prosper on opposite sides of the law? beaver state can karen straighten out out jack before he break too far in pursuit of just one lowest crime. clooney, world health organization stimulate own a string of whole, just never stellar, film roles, delivers his effective performance to date. atomic number 2 blends into his role here perfectly as the risk taking jack foley, who ' s unforced to gamble everything on the luck that karen sisco power be his honest beloved. jennifer lopez does an excellent business as substantially. she actually experience a foxy role than clooney, as a woman who stimulate to equilibrate her emotions with her sense of duty. she and clooney develop good chemistry in concert. the film boasts a superb corps de ballet. steve zahn give a hilarious performance, and buy about every prospect he ' s in. don cheadle live appropriately minacious as a violent ex - sting who may surgery may not personify team up up with foley. albert brooks is enjoyable as a white collar criminal who talks too much for his own goodness. out of the cast, only dennis farina seems underused as karenic ' s ex - law officer don. steven soderbergh gives the motion picture sharp and stylistic focussing. with an affectedness for frost skeleton, he delivers a unique take on the film ' s action at law and know scenes that places out of hatful a notch above workaday crime films. a recurring serial of flashback makes the film seem more complex than information technology really is. devoid of its ship's bell and whistles, out of passel is actually a fairly straightforward crime news report. still, in that location are only a few spots in the pic that seem bare, and they pass quickly. with chic dialogue, good character, and an excellent cast, out of sight well smoothes over the raspy spots in the plot and delivers on both the action and romanticistic fronts. 