it ' s non often that i laugh so hard at a motion picture that my head suffering. but that ' s only what pass off to me at uhf, unearthly aluminium yankovic ' s big screen first appearance. uhf is a television parody a la plane, and corresponding airplane, the motion picture show be extraordinarily stupid. but it ' s dumb in the best way a flick tin be dumb: it ' s thusly whacky and outrageous it ' s hilarious. the movie stars weird al as george i newman, a world class nerd with a overactive imagination, the type world health organization fantasizes helium ' s indiana jones and who uses air hostess twinkies as blistering canis familiaris buns. george iv is basically a loser; his castle in spain and fresh - alec mental attitude perpetually prevent him from hold onto a job for more than two weeks. but george finally gets a luck to funnel his creativity into something productive when his uncle wins transmission channel 62 in a salamander game and makes him the world wide manager of the struggling uhf television post. george revives channel 62 with innovative programing: appearance similar " bike of fish " and movies like " conan, the librarian. " as the station ' s ratings rise, it amount into competition with channel 8, the moderate vhf web - affiliate. as r. watt second. fletcher - - line octonary ' s sick - natured, hard - nosed owner - - veteran soldier stage and film actor kevin joseph raymond mccarthy is flashily squalid; he really hams information technology up with his snorts, grimaces, and frown. uhf satirizes anything and everything to do with television, including game appearance, tabloid talk show, children ' s appearance, dizzy news show women, and movies - - everything from rambo to close brush. the funniest prospect, the one that made my principal spin, is a commercial for spatula which have to be seen to be believed. like most film in its genre, uhf is hit or omit. for every muzzle that works, at least one sibilation. for instance, eldritch al ' s mock tv of " money for nix " by dire straits is only mildly funny and bring the film to a grinding halt (although information technology does have some nifty data processor spiritedness ). only the funniest bits in uhf be so hysteric that we posterior forgive the ones that fail; we know another catgut wrencher is on the mode. in fact, uhf hits the mark often enough to make information technology the most effective airplane - case movie since. .. well, since plane. much of the quotation go to weird al ' s exceptionally inventive script and to the flick ' s winsome mold. weird al appear a little corpse at the root, but because atomic number 2 ' s not afraid to look silly, he ultimately has a lot of fun with his character reference. the real standout be michael richards as stanley, the dim - witted janitor who become the emcee of his ain nipper ' s show: " stanley spadowski ' s wendy house. " stanley ' s off - beat, mixed - astir personality be a boastful striking with the interview and crap him an over - nighttime star. he be an lovely mixture of near - natured innocence, high - vim enthusiasm, and puppy - dog prettiness. and above all, he ' s a good janitor world health organization adores his work. another highlight is a vintage cameo by the uncomparable emo philips. the cast as well features gedde watanabe (the taiwanese extraneous - central student in sixteen candles) as the karate original who host the striking serial, " wheel of fish. " also on base for the ride is fran drescher, world health organization plays pamela finklestein, transfer 62 ' s roving newsman. unfortunately, as weird al ' s lady friend, victoria falls jesse jackson is wasted in a function that call for nothing but whimpering, whining, and sulking. her character is extraneous and should throw been either further integrated into the story surgery cut from the hand entirely. while uhf represent not an absolute moldiness - go out, information technology ' s definitely the ticket if you ' re looking for a wild and zany, whacked - knocked out comedy. the movie make up undecomposed enough to see in the theaters, but information technology may puzzle out even better on television, the very medium at which information technology pokes fun. 