go ' mho is a gloriously tricky hip machine. managing director liman (world health organization also photographed go) and screenwriter august celebrate the drug / mouth off scene in l. a. , preferring to take (comedic) snapshots of troubled youthfulness rather than review them. after more than ninety minutes of pill - popping, tantrik sexual practice, car chases, and attempted slaying, go yet have a well chosen terminate. this is the sort of film that gives member of the dove foundation splitting headache; as go wound down, iodine anticipated an anti - pill - bug out - occasional - tantrik - sex - car - salmon portland chase - seek - murder sermon that (blessedly) didn ' t arrive. a louisiana tarantino ' s pulp fiction, go is comprised of three separate but related to taradiddle. the basics are as observe: ronna (polley) is a bitter grocery store shop clerk present constructive eviction world health organization turn to drug dealing for extra dinero. her co - worker, simon (the improbably nominate askew ), equal a clubber from u.k. ecstatic astir his maiden trip to vegas. zack (mohr) and adam (skirt chaser) are soap opera house stars escape a career - threatening conviction by help a funny cop (fichtner) in a drug bust. perhaps because the innovative body structure of tarantino ' s not - one dimensional masterwork is by now old hat, the id - fueled go entranced me but rarely surprised maine (with the exclusion of that mind - reading african tea! ); pulp magazine fiction crank down roads unforeseen, but we see go ' s wheels turn from its first flash chassis to the last. torontonian polley (of the odoriferous afterlife) refused to make out publicity for this picture on the foundation that she was " not pleased with " her number as the ailment - fat cashier. in go, she render, hands - downward, her best performance to day of the month. here ' s an (overrated) actress who agreed to appear on the poster, but not support her team at the junket or in interviews; this sort of arrogance is cliche for meter. polley, as anyone who has read of her political agenda in the canadian press bequeath tell you. if she doesn ' t desire to be the ingenue of the here and now, she should have said " no, " not run low. but i digress. go is a fun film, so chipperly reprobate one and only tin ' t avail merely turn dispatch his moral judgment for information technology duration and enjoy the ride. in that sense, it ' s a departure from liman ' s last film, swingers, which at least lectured against self - absorption in the form of vince vaughan ' s trent and his subtle comeuppance in the tale ' s clever epilogue (which has been aped by mcdonald ' south for their latest commercial grade ). i wish i cared more about work ' s character: similar the techno euphony they listen to, the circle of syndicalist on display here are at once absorbing and vacuous. when the lights came up and stung my eyes, information technology was difficult to call back what about information technology think of maine. yet entertain pine tree state it did. go is lite and foamy, featuring obligate if not endearing work by polley, timothy olyphant (scream ii ), and especially fichtner, whose homoerotic behavior is milk for effective laugh. fichtner is a character actor best hump for playing backstabbers (in rut, armageddon, and others ); his previously untapped mirthful abilities shine in x. unlike a great deal of the photographic film, fichtner exist unpredictable. 