the film starts out with a creepy opening episode to which has the immediately classic and creepy scotch by author / director / manufacturer john carpenter world health organization in my nous be a brilliant director, he really is. helium drop a line this movie, he directed this film, he produced this film and he made the to a fault creepy crawly score to this celluloid. i call back atomic number 2 be and always will be famed for this graeco roman which after 21 years has not lost it ' s popularity operating room it ' s ability to scare the wits out of people. i think atomic number 53 have seen ' halloween ' over 100 time and each time i regain something novel and brilliant, and each clock time i am pit still though i have sex what is go bad to happen. i own three unlike versions of the moving picture: a vhs regular version that do with a limited edition twentieth anniversary deoxythymidine monophosphate - shirt, a boxed edition vhs in a hardcover showcase digitally re - mastered with the original theatrical widescreen presentation, in a nifty plastic picture decorated box with a numbered snow - globe. in other language i am completely and utterly obsessed with the film. it has changed horror movies forever and spawn six sequel with only 2, quadruplet, and 7 be truly just. it likewise spawned several brassy impersonation of the film that were offensive in some ways to a straight hallowe'en fan. since ane pick up astir halloween being released on dvd in a limited edition of xxx, 000 written matter, i knew i have to buy one no matter what! i did and piece to me it ' s the right dvd always fabricate with the brilliance of the film. no words commode identify the dvd. in ' halloween ' michael myers be a evil person whom killed his babe in cold lineage 16 days ago in 1963. now in 1978 grown up and in a genial infirmary michael myers escape to go backwards to his hometown of haddonfield, illinois, followed by his past physician surface to air missile loomis. the person michael is targeting be laurie strode world health organization is played by jamie shelton jackson lee curtis in her film debut. why is he stalking her? contain out halloween ii it explain it all. on this wicked night on october xxxi, 1978 laurie strode and her two friend are go to have the time of their life, which is try to stick around alive. the unharmed film is filled with terrifying moments near coming from scarce seeing michael myers take the air. nick palace who played the shape in the first movie make an incredible job, and no other person in any early halloween flick can do what he suffice. what st. john carpenter did in 1978 is make a priming coat - breaking new motion picture show, with scares, wit, and style. the movie cost flawless if not consummate. no other flick surgery sequel has dwell up to this one, and in my opinion never volition. ' halloween ' will be like ' psycho ' and yet be super pop even almost 40 class afterwards. i barely hope someday ' halloween ' bequeath be released in a new dolby soundtrack with the 4 redundant scenes on the dvd version. ' halloween ' isn ' t just another piece - and - die horror flick, information technology ' s an intelligent, dismay and best film experience ever make. see ' halloween ' and be scared. .. . so sentry it again! reviewed by brandon herring october 7, 1999. 