imagine this scenario: you and any of your family phallus are scudding done one of those foresighted, excruciating cross - commonwealth car trips, far from the urban center and into the deserted rural routes. so far, the trip is idyllic when, short, your car malfunction and you are stranded in the midsection of nowhere. it be non an well off situation, but a perfectly plausible i, the panorama in which crack up musters it ' s throbbing suspense and skillfully executed tensity. it is non gentle to cobble a distinct and gripping thriller nowadays, but breakdown doesn ' t fuckup into rudimentary plot holes or platitude and it educe a virtuoso, titillating climax that by it ' s finale, immerse a viewer with total absorption. the plot of land is moderately reminiscent of 1988 ' s the vanishing. kurt russell and kathleen quinlan respectively play jeff and amy taylor, a massachusetts couple en itinerary to california for a brand new line. when they stop for gas somewhere in the waterless sw, jeff equal face by a pugnacious driver, world health organization later, will personify an of import thespian in the plot department. minutes after after that, their brand new, strikingly red, jeep grand cherokee accidentally stops. jeff cannot detect the car ' mho problem, so atomic number 2 allow amy to take a ride with red faced (j. t walsh ), a heedful motortruck driver who will convey her to the nearest town, where jeff volition meet her at a local diner. it be fluent for the film to turn into a pseudo - suspenser, but instead information technology prefer for maximum fervor. jeff manages to re - start the car himself, merely when he arrive at the dining compartment, she is nowhere in mountain. disconcerted, the coffee store ' s bartender informs jeff where to search for his married woman, a townspeople astir twenty miles from here. there, trouble arises. and i shall not divulge anything else, since that would make up spoiling the play of what ' s head. there are many involving, tight aspect in partitioning but the last climactic period which include a magnificent pursual with three cars and a huge truck, will have you sense as if your legs are made out of pure foam. it is a joy to be part of a classic encounter of adept vs immorality, and rooting for the proficient guys, in this case jeff. kurt russell is ace of the few top - notch hollywood thespian which doesn ' thyroxine overblow his performing, and gradually gains trust on his role as it progresses. so you can simulate his alteration in breakdown is letter - perfect tense. suffice information technology is to say atomic number 2 undergoes a transformation, from a somewhat man, to a guy rope frantically pursuing a loved unmatchable. not many intimately - pay off role player can deport these case of performances, but russell is one of them. as an everyday adult male, he take out it away super convincingly, what also surprised me more was his rigorous physicality, which atomic number 2 effectively practices nigh all throughout the films ninety three minutes. although the film be blotted with a twain of prodigious action sequence (very well done) yet the tightness is return by the subtle luck this man be present with. present with an enigma about his wife ' s whereabouts, the pic come through by conveying the states in naturalistic territory with authentic character, include the cryptic villains, who in essence, make the movie what it is. what ' s most telling however, is the feature film debut by writer / director jonathan mostow. mostow, hitherto directed the showtime thriller flight of a shameful angle, alleviates the contrivances and generic of the script by gingerly pursuing the flight of the plot, efficiently countenance the tone and the mood of the fib generate that nail - biting suspense sought for in a well - made affair. contrary to most american thrillers, atomic number 2 doesn ' thymine rely on visual flair, but on aesthetic and substance. after breakdown, he should gain vast ill fame. the villains in the moving picture aren ' t your procedure out - of - this - existence idiosyncratic psychos that are harming for no particular aim. the baddies in breakdown, all easily pretend, are normal, seemingly euphemistic townspeople who beneath their trustworthy bed, conduct an amoral business of subversion and slaying. the movie smartly portrays these serviceman as loathsome cracker, and, of all things in the existence, information technology comprise becoming kind of easy to rout for villains (jon voight in eunectes murinus) in today ' s movies. worth a special mentioning is j. t walsh (who previously worked with kurt earl russell in executive decision) as the leader of the crew, atomic number 2 renders a scrumptiously disgustful performance, temporarily step ko'd of the minor roles helium is know for. alfred hitchcock used suspense - - and action - - not exclusively to excite, but as a way of aiding his hearing ' s captivation in his narration, which were slowly realizing valet de chambre ' s biggest fear. breakdown yields exactly that. it resplendently taps into the nous of an ordinary man, acting similar an average human beings, looking like an ordinary and some sort of superhero. despite one or ii flukey minute even hitchcock, i conceive, would o.k. of breakdown. ( 1: xxxiii ) 