after be hypnotized, a man believes in that location is a wraith in his house. the reassessment ii humbled - tonality summer horror plastic film have become surprise fiscal successes this year: the blair witch project and the sixth sense. each has made well concluded $ one c gazillion in north u.s.a., based on a combination of strong word of oral fissure and clever advertising. if a film ' s box seat office proceeds were found primarily on information technology calibre, stir of echoes would join blair and sense in grossing far more money than expected, for it is as scarey, if not chilling than the former two. writer / theatre director saint david koepp have devote artisan entertainment, the folks world health organization dole out blair witch a second creepy hit. the story sustain going after tom witzky (bacon ), an average blue - collar pop, produce mesmerise by his wife maggie ' s (erbe) babe lisa (stephen arnold douglas) at a political party. while the hypnosis blend in as expected to the political party - leaver, it triggers something in tom ' s head. things begin to shift around him (wink reddish igniter permit off a unusual hum, for example ), and atomic number 2 struggle to stay in control of his own dope. where these experience take tom, maggie and their boy jake (header ), who tom think might have some answers, make up bolt down a dark path that volition scare and disturb you. saint david koepp continue the activeness localise; the majority of the action takes place at tom ' s firm or just dispirited the street. by hold matter at home, koepp is able to proceed without having to resort to any clumsy segues (montages of driving down road as we move from single city to another etc. ). unfortunately, the dread and spookiness of stir of echoes personify frequently interrupted by moment of levity. humor can take the tension off from a scene faster than any cheapjack special effect surgery poor acting. several tense moment suit completely diffused by a few misplaced jokes. too, thither are a couple of plot developments that are leave alone unresolved, though to mention them would be to devote too much away. kevin bacon handles the duel task of playing an everyman and a human losing his saneness admirably. his total want of understanding of what personify happening to him is credible, as are the reaction from his wife maggie. kathryn erbe is given a role meatier and better written than that of most " married woman world health organization can no longer handle her husband " portion. while it is still a supporting part, her maggie is moving as she watches both her husband and her son enter what she calls " a private club that single ' m not invite to ", where they whisper about thing all day long. as jake, zachary coping equalize the performance of haley joel osment in the sixth sense, but gets less screen time. both fry manage the same trick, making the audience fawn extinct by their apparent acceptance of the way thing are. buff of tony blair and sixth sense will almost surely love stir of echoes. it combines the apprehension of blair, a creepy closed - in feel thanks to cinematographer fred murphy and bang up performance by the whole cast, specifically bacon, to give the fall its first real chilling moving picture show. if only they receive let upward on the unnecessary curious bits and tweaked the patch a bit more, this could have exist one of the year ' due south good. 