it ' s ironic that the best films in cinema account be invariably the original director ' s cut of the motion picture show. films such as alien, the abysm, the wild bunch, blade offset, and terminator two are all prime exercise of a film producer ' s integrity, subsequently chop up up or mucked with by the studio. the advent of the videodisk format has provided a to a greater extent accessible style to get these original cuts to the world and provide to film freaks like myself the ability to go farther enraptured by the extension of such hellenic films. the dvd release of the original international version of luc besson ' southward 1995 masterpiece the professional, which is known as fifty? on around the earthly concern, is a prime example of how a just film crapper become an instantaneous classic as a director ' s cut. for years, ace have heard of an " outside " interpretation usable only in laserdisc format, which has eluded me for yr. i still bought a laserdisc musician from my uncle don river for 100 bucks just to watch sure directors ' cuts - let in lambert? on. simply after myriad searches in laserdisc stores, i could never happen it. until now. the film follows the story of fifty? on, take on by jean reno, a professional hit man for an italian pack crew run by danny aiello. he exist next door to a ferociously sovereign 12 - year - old girl named mathilda - played by then newcomer natalie portman, whose father is involved in drug and curve cop. ace clarence day, a crew of the cops - lead by gary oldman in an over - the - top performance - kill her total family while mathilda be out buying grocery store. take pity on her, l? on hides her in his apartment when she returns to save her life. mathilda learns of fifty? on ' second strike man professing and decides to follow in l? on ' s footsteps as a " dry cleaner. " she and then falls in love with him and manages to reawaken emotion within l? on he hold kept lock aside as part of his profession. at this item, the differences in the american version and the outside version really kick in. the international version contains an extra 24 minutes of footage that pertains directly to the relationship of l? on and mathilda, footage that american censor take for " too explicit. " i assume that american censors feel that defining fibre development is too much for american audiences to handle. the best part of this extra footage is that gives better intellect of both mathilda ' sec and l? on ' s motivations appertain to later action involving oldman and his work party of sorry cops. there ' s still a previously unseen cameo by the great gallic player jean - hugues anglade - star of queen margot, besson ' s pelican state femme nikita, and kill zoe. with these additional scenes replaced, 50? on and matilda ' s relationship brings you emotionally closer to the film and draws strong bond between the fictional character that exist murky in the american version. the most ironical thing about the international version of the flick is that with the inclusion of the missing scenes, the film become primarily a heavy, worked up drama punctuated with self aggrandising action scenes at the beginning and the end of the film. the moving picture punter speculate the serious drama of gallic cinema but is laced with pieces reflect the savagery of american cinema. my advice to everyone out thither is to throw away your copy of the professional, shed polish twenty buck, and plunk up this newly restored cinematic masterpiece. theater director / author: luc besson producer: luc besson, claude besson starring: jean reno, natalie portman, gary oldman, danny aiello 