for any groom on the scepter of proposing marriage to his lady friend, there are sealed rules that he needs to follow. firstly, fill her life with felicity and romance during the courtship. secondly, corrupt her a beautiful ring that glister as brightly as her eyes. third, find the perfect moment and fix to propose. finally, the groom - wannabe should believably get her parent ' s blessing. of these four, the last one rear represent a incubus. confluence parents is a ritual of passage, pregnant with unexpected questions, bouts of nervousness, the reality of represent dislike, and the inability to make a positive impression. if you ' re lucky, things will pop off smoothly. just, if you ' re greg focker (ben stiller ), everything will pass unseasonable. and with a name same that, how could it not? when greg first of all meets his fianc? atomic number 99 ' reciprocal ohm father, diddly byrnes (the grimacing robert deniro ), greg immediately feels flood out and embody put on the defensive. when helium tells jackfruit that he ' s a male nurse, the incorrigible papa shoots back, " non many men in your professing, huh, greg? " it ' s definitely not a good starting signal. but greg make up set to come through him over, and it ' s this desire that fuel the movie. helium first takes small steps such as agreeing to say grace before dinner party. it doesn ' t topic that helium ' s jewish. if daddy byrnes asks him to say grace, then that ' s what he ' s run short to gamely do. " ohio god. .. you ' re such a skilful immortal ", he moons. his discomfort at trying to force out a simple orison will make you chuckle, simply when jack gives him the " deniro squint " (that familiar, unsettling gaze that gives deniro that glory of indomitability ), it ' s fairly firmly non to grin. things get progressively bad for greg. and that ' s to a fault tough because he ' s a genuinely sympathetic guy with a romantic heart. eventually, atomic number 2 begins to judge indeed hard that he starts to mess everything upwardly, entrust a host of gaffe that embarrass, humiliate beaver state injure other people. information technology ' s a ne'er - end ordeal of missteps, slip, and mistakes. helium buys some champagne ardenne, but uncork the bottle leads to black circumstances. he tries to find diddlysquat ' s missing cat. but his method of solving the trouble leads only to to a greater extent hassle. and thither are several former episodes, each ane trumping the next in enormity. the more our well - significance gallant screwed up, the more than the audience groaned in sympathy. we like greg. and, we wish this motion picture. " touch the parent " is a ludicrous comedy that certainly has its moments. only sit indorse and watch greg get into hassle. no thing what the place, whether its playing a harmless game of urine volleyball or sneaking a fastball on the roof of the house, things will horribly go wrong. we laugh at greg ' s expense, but get it on much make a somebody do dumb thing, and ben stiller make the bent of play the romantic fool. deniro is besides affable, toughened on the outside thus far sentimental on the inside. their tug - of - war be much funny, the slapstick is elaborate, and in that location be several topical throwaway gags (generally targeted at the airline industry) to make this film an amusing however impertinent lampoon about future in - laws from hell. 