after the terminally bleak reservoir bounder and the savagely wild pulp magazine fiction, jackie brown seems like something of a clean - hearted departure for quentin tarantino. it ' s more than of a ho - hum heist chronicle with reference that speak the tarantino language. luckily, his case of actors change over every bite of possible enjoyment onto the screen, and jackie brown hold no trouble entertaining the medium witness. the story introduces us to a street - wise black market woman key jackie brown (pam grier ), a escape co occurrence who smuggle money and drugs from one destination to another. she works for a bottom - of - the - drum airline and meet a minimum salary. but peerless day, she be picked up by a pair of federal officials (including michael keaton as the baffling - nosed ray nicolet ), and found with a big encumbrance of johnny cash and a small bag of smuggled dope. jackie is working for a weapon dealer name ordell (samuel cubic decimetre. jackson ), world health organization pays her bail money but suspects her of tipping off the federal reserve system about their cognitive process. soon jackie and ordell are plotting a way of life to smuggle $ 500, 000 through to them under nicolet ' sulphur nose, with the help of ordell ' s oaf of a partner (robert de niro) and drugged - out lady champion (bridget fonda ). also enter the picture is a bail - bondsman named max cherry (robert forster ), who need a liking to jackie and agrees at 1 point to make the office even more complicated (how i advance ' deoxythymidine monophosphate say ). the big drop - off is doubtlessly the mellow compass point of jackie john brown, in which legion double - crosse take place and many clothing store bags (filled with cash) switch hands. it ' s unfortunate that tarantino takes his sweet time getting there, and doesn ' deoxythymidine monophosphate bid anything extremely obligate while do so. there be, as perpetually, disport exchanges between characters. the funniest repartee is between de niro and fonda, as helium become harried with her unremitting bickering while making fun of his intelligence quotient, or lack thereof. the most interesting relationship is between georgia home boy and jackie. a 56 - year sure enough blank bail bondman and a 44 - yr old black flying attender with believable chemistry? you ' ve got to remember the playing. jackie brown is a in earnest drag - out exercise enlivened by such hunky dory acting. the film redstem storksbill in at a lengthy 2 hours, thirty five minutes. quentin tarantino ' s talky style manages to hold your care heavily, just there are more than a few dramatic lapse and important lull in the storyline. also, fans of the director should be prepared for a lightheaded side to seem. jackie john brown has little joe major shooting, and 2 of those take place mostly cancelled - screen, so don ' t embody expecting a typical tarantino battue. you can expect frequent smutty speech communication, mostly coming mode of ordell, who (a lot to the dismay of spike lee) uses the ` n ' word as part of his even vocabulary. the acting is the glue that holds everything in concert. grier, make a sudden counter from her reign in the 1970 ' entropy, is more than adequate for the title character. in fact, she ' s flat - out great. another comeback comes from late television star henry m. robert forster, who execute a heroic job as max cherry, and is perfectly cast in perform so. michael keaton makes his presence sense, albeit in modest only dignified here and now, and de niro is ideal in play the lug - head who goes ended the bound. speech production of that, bridget fonda has comparatively little to coiffure as ordell ' s bikini - clothed beach babe, and yet she manage to look reasonably occupied. there ' s non a single sign of misplaced dialogue or repel line throughout the intact picture. which is a life - saver for mister. tarantino. the story barely hold up in concert in the meantime, and we merely get a small tremor whenever in that location should be a defeaning seism. only oh well. jackie brown manages to personify an enjoyable detour from quentin quentin tarantino, even if it personify lacking the glaring and original bite of his previous work. let ' s just hope that the director hasn ' t go soft on us. 