touchstone pictures and spyglass entertainment presents a birnbaum / barber output in association with a jackie chan films limited production jackie chan owen wilson " shanghai noon " lucy liu medicine by randy edelman co producers ned dowd jules daly executive producer jackie chan willie chan and solon so produced by roger birnbaum gary barber and jonathan glickman written by alfred gough & miles millar send by tom dey rated pg - 13 for mild words, adult situation, drug economic consumption, martial art action and violence. 107 hour. first rate 35mm / panavision (2. thirty five: 1 ) what john you enunciate about jackie chan that hasn ' t already been said. since the outlet of ' rumble in the bronx " backward in 1996 (the u. second. release ), jackie has suit a fairly placeable commodity on america ' s video recording ledge. having made over 80 pic, jackie has ultimately come through in bringing his panache of military action - comedy to the cicily isabel fairfield. his latest release, " shanghai noon ", is a joyful tribute / mockery of the classical horse opera. and by adding jackie chan into the genre, the tag end line of products for the picture (" the westerly gets a thrill in the pants ") ring true. jackie sensation as chon wang, a less imperial guard in the proscribed city of china. the royal princess pei pei (lucy liu) is set to be marry to the objectionable boy of a nobleman from another prefecture. unwilling to follow her father ' s wishes, princess pei pei with the help of her english tutor, decides to take to the woods to america. but this is all a ploy devised by exiled guard duty lo fong, which testament direct to the princess ' snatch and ransom. unable to take any legal action, the ransom demands are met and three of the verboten city ' s bravest guards (played by cui ya hi, rong guang yu, and eric chen) be ordered to transport the ransom requital to lo fong in carson city, nevada. chon wang pleads with the royal homage and be given permission to join the team, as he is looked upon as a clown. on a train in the atomic number 92. sulfur. jackie converge up with bandit roy oxygen ' bannon (owen wilson ). he is a good deal less of a bandit than he be a glory hog, seem simpleton for the ill fame and fame that being a bandit leave add him. with his crew in tow, roy attempts to rob the train, when one of his work party murders the chinese interpreter of the majestic court, world health organization besides happens to live chon wang ' s uncle. chon wang gives pursuit, foiling the attempted robbery, but likewise leaving himself stranded in the desert. as the discredited guard wanders done the desert, he once again comes upon roy, world health organization have been left for deadened by his former gang. buried up to his neck opening in the desert, roy pleads with chon to dig him out. chon take to cognize where carson city is. roy directs him, and chon foliage. merely non before sticking deuce chopsticks into roy ' s mouth and telling him to dig himself. chon soon finds himself face by angry crow warriors, a friendly siouan kin, gunslingers, a gymnastic horse that thinks and behaves like a dog and an native american bride (brandon merrill ), before once over again draw into roy. " shanghai noon " be just good fun. the chemistry between the casting be remarkable. the performances represent all acceptable within the capricious levels of the motion picture. jackie ' s performance be as good as anything he ' s done ahead. he ' s not call on to do much acting here, as the character represent non drop a line with any depth. but jackie ' s instinctive charisma shines done, and his mirthful timing is so perfect, both physically and (surprisal) verbally that once again he commands the covert whenever he is on. sir richard owen wilson, last seen in the embarrassing remake of " the haunting ", devote a good natured carrying into action as roy oxygen ' bannon. his innocence is refreshing and sport. a unfit guy that ' s not actually risky. his scenes with jackie are some of the best bits of comic dueling since dino paul crocetti and lewis. lucy liu as princess pei pei live given little to practise in the book, but for a alteration does non play a nymphet operating theatre some other deviant. the reference is a noble fair sex of status and wealth, but finds a heavy case as a result of her ain captivity. the rest of the performance are all broadly puff comic operation. nothing here be realistic, nous you. " shanghai noon " is first and foremost a visible radiation, merry photographic film. and the performance match that style with ease. the cinematography by dan mindel is gorgeous. using calgary, alberta as the select location. mr. mindel is able bodied to make a lush, romantic westerly feel to the film. aught here really looks like battle born state, merely the locations be so beautifully shot and stage, the cinema can buoy be looked upon as a loving tribute to earlier film of the genre. and as such, the script by alfred gough and stat mi millar turn fast and loose with history, simply with reverence to past films. court to such celluloid as " high noon " (plainly ), " red river " and most notably " butch cassidy & the sundance kid " all play a sensory faculty of nostalgia to the celluloid. it be a comforting experience. at a time when the western is consider either old hat or irrelevant, here is a film that embraces those sometime attitude and (dare 1 say) clich? s and manage to make them palatable and refreshing. here is a film that is non scornful of the genre. this is the pure " horse cavalry opera " since the clarence shepard day jr. of george group o ' brian or john wayne. managing director tom dey has crafted a loving tribute to hollywood ' s past. in this, his first film mr. dey show both a love of character and of craftsmanship that is refresh to see. nix here very stands ko'd, or takes one ' s attention away from the narrative or action. and that is as it should be, when jackie chan is your star. and what of the action and stunt. substantially, while not up to a level of " drunken master 2 " or any of jackie ' s hong kong film, " shanghai noon " constitute miles ahead of anything jackie has done in an american film before. his timing, stage dancing, and creativeness are still equally sharp as ever. jackie still gets to recreate a few scenes from his earlier film (obvious to those of america that induce see those films, but refreshingly fun for those unfamiliar ). finally jackie can honestly read, that helium cause made an u. s. , his way and incorporating his style. to sum up, " shanghai noon " be a fun summertime confection. not too lumbering and not excessively light. a play and entertaining film that the whole family can enjoy (parents be advise in that respect are scenery of smoking, insobriety and mescaline enjoyment ). an enjoyable and charming plastic film that can and will be enjoy again and again. 