voices. .. .. trey parker, lusterlessness isidor feinstein stone, george iii clooney, minnie driver. " south common: big, longer and uncut " is undoubtedly crude, loathsome, mean - spirited movie, that make out hit as a politcally correct movie too. if your canadian, a strong christian, fat, gay oregon anything else, you will represent appal. merely when you watch this movie, there is no dubiousness that you will express mirth. based on the wildly popular funniness primal tv display, south park stars cartman, an adiposis, foul - utter kid, with attitude, and a sweet side of meat. kenny, a pathetic tike world health organization gets bolt down in every episode, and talks with his coat hood covering his head. stan a regular, sometimes irksome kid who has problem with women. and kyle a lonely jew world health organization talks to his poop. the movie opens with a funny, but messageable song, that all of the multitude of south park sing. cartman, stan, kenny and kyle are rattling activated to see the new terrance and phillip (beavis and butthead types) picture " nooky of fire ". just when the kids get up to the movie to get the tickets, they learn the movie is rank roentgen, which of course substance that anyone nether the age of 17 cannot get in without a parent or sound shielder. the tyke do not understand this, and they give a homeless man to buy their ticket. while in the movie, laughing at the flick, terrance and phillip curse word repeatedly entertaining the kids. they kids then go away out and cuss themselves, catch in worry and causing kyle ' s mom to get going against the mpaa. while serve this kenny learns a thing oregon to, by proving to cartman he can light his farting on fire. kenny does so, die, and goes to hell, to find out that satan and saddam huiessan (homosexual lovers ), make up about to take o'er the world, if terrance and phillip die. > from here on, nothing to a greater extent should be pronounce to keep the rest a surprisal. but trust me, this isn ' t your regular due south park tv show, and should not exist seen by anyone nether fourteen or more than. this moving picture contains extreme profanity (over cxxx " f " words and a appeal of others ). but beyond being bad in a tasteless type way, south parking area: big, longer and uncut hold many messages that be embedded inner it. only i stakes you will not leave the moving picture, for at least laughing one metre or more. and relish yourself. take it from me, south green: bel, l, and u, isn ' deoxythymidine monophosphate as good as you ' five hundred hope, simply it embody good for some laughter. 