" the celebration " is 1 of an elite kind of moving picture show that is wholly absorbant. you know, where you sit down to keep an eye on information technology, and no matter what you ' ve heard about it before, you just can ' t help simply constitute all take out into its narration and shocked by every single turn that occurs. i choose films same these because these be what the best kind of films are like. i don ' t really feel there are to personify any real " rule " for cinema; a film tin act anything, equally long as it makes information technology study. but i suffice ask that all films hold 1 thing in common: they make experience. when i check a pic, no matter what form of film it cost, i require to be able to take sealed memories along with maine. " the celebration " be great because information technology ' s chock total of those. information technology creates a earth so completely realistic that everything that hap is as memorable as the slight instances of life that catch your attention and stay with you for the rest of your sprightliness. and then information technology makes things scarce a tad bit farscial, just to make sure you ' re make up attending, which you are because what transpires is just so goddam interesting that if you were to ever feel bored, then you ' ra of your tending span needs a bit of a tuning - up. the story takes place at the profligate abode of an aging patriarch (henning mortizen ), world health organization has just turned sixty and is give a company thrown for him. all his friends and class turn astir, and for the first half hour, we get introduce to everyone, simplistically and realistically (no aggravatingly condescending lay for the tv camera deals hither ). the eldest son, christian (ulrich thomsen, looking a bite similar a young malcolm mcdowell ), constitute the first to follow seen in the photographic film, walking to his father ' s domicile. his brother, michael (thomas bo larsen ), drives by, pulls over, greets him, then kicks his family out of the car, hale them to take the air to the the three estates, scarce so christian can equal comfortable. we so meet helene (paprika jan steen ), their sister, a woman who always seems to be stressed - out, who invites the device driver of her car (gbatokai dakinah ), an american, to to come join her at the company she ' s going to. once they ' re all in that respect and settled in, the political party begins, and as usage, the firstborn son has to make a words to his dad, so christian stands up, at the school principal of the table, and reveals the film ' s punchline: his father raped all his children at a young age. but since this is a family / friends affair, his confession becomes more hated than the supposed truth, and is simply brushed off despite his efforts, and what transpires be sorta like hun springer crossed with jean renoir, and information technology ' s all awfully interesting to watch. twists pass, and soon the film bear taken on a nearly - farsical nature, simply still seems realistic because the people postulate really feel alike they could reach such ends. the most ill famed thing astir this celluloid, which accept been getting the nearly notice, though, be that the managing director, thomas vinterberg has shot it in a completely sticky fashion. as a member of the danish filmmakers clan, dogme ninety five, a radical that has vow to oppose " the auteur concept, make - up, illusions, and dramaturgic predictability " so that they may " purge flick so that once again the inner lives of the persona justify the plot of land. " iodine have not seen " go bad the wave, " the other notable film by a member of this group (lars von trier, to be precise ), but " the solemnisation " works finely in this department. it feel similar reality, similar you ' re actually watching real hoi polloi and not histrion, and as a major cursor, has be shot on video. as a termination, it look more same the menage movies you never dare shot of your phratry than an actual film, but always wanted to. we see key moments in people ' s lives that they wouldn ' t dare show to the world, and it captures the farscial clowning of life then accurately and acutely that this style, as ironically - showmanship as information technology real is, works perfectly for the nature of the film. the key, though, to this cinema, and the reason it ' s not simply a cool danish import, is because this film is not about revealing the true statement as a great deal as it be about the way of life people react to such an volatile truth. throughout the movie, we see a completely recognize debate complete the truth and the effects it has on the lives of those who have con to live with lies, a debate so three - dimensional that it could easily blow oliver lucy stone and his the - verity - at - all - cost reasoning out of the water. of course of instruction information technology was not right for the father to rape his tike, and of course, they couldn ' t have crusade back and then, and of course this make created scarring suppression inside them. and yes, it ' s thearapeutic for one to release the truth year subsequently, when they know information technology could easily destroy the one world health organization emotionally destroy them to begin with. but then again, the father, after all, is not a wholly bad guy, and we can picture the emotional complications that arise thanks to a performance by mortizen which is just hence great and touching that while we do believe that he could have raped his children years earlier, we also see a gentleman who has also learned to survive with what he ' s exercise, and mystifying pile, feels rightful guilt that is only now beginning to surface. the final view, demand mortizen and everyone else, is utterly devastating, thanks to him and thomsen, whose performance is utterly flawless and every bit emotionally complex. everyone else be flawless as well - the actors never seem to be stepping into the shoes of their fictional character every bit much as they fare walk comfortably in them. the actor operating room writers have not made the mistake to judge these character in the slightest: there are no whites or blacks but or else all gray, exactly similar life history. as such, " the celebration " crataegus oxycantha be the unrivalled truly bizarro cinema of the class: a workplace of art so spookily close to reality that it ' s utterly disturbing and utterly fascinating. 