in 1994, an insider ' s flavour at a malicious gossip - ridden run for the popular presidential nomination (closely based on clinton ' s 1992 campaign) was written anonymously (other newsweek writer joe calvin richard klein later claimed true authorship ). straightaway, the word of god, primary colors, has constitute made into a movie, direct by mike nichols, and, in twinkle of late presidential scandals, seems to personify more relevant than ever. but the film constitute more than a diatribe against, operating room a paean in congratulations of, the chief executive. information technology exist a riveting look at the political machinery, and the ethical slack, that surround mod politics. tar elizabeth cady stanton (john travolta) is the governor of a small southerly nation running for the democratic presidential nomination. he is magnetic, but has respective flaws which menace to doom his crusade, and strains his relationship with his married woman, susan (emma thompson ). the film represent told from the point of view of william henry burton (adrian lester ), grandson of a civil rights leader, world health organization is drag in away by stanton ' s saint and helps to organize the political campaign. he conjoin political strategian richard jemmons (billy bobsled thornton, looking an awful circumstances like king james carville ), and campaign advisor daisy green (maura tierney ). regulator elizabeth cady stanton ' s past repeatedly pops up to obsess him, a fact that his top dog rival, lawrence harris (kevin cooney ), consistently uses to his advantage. to help oneself clean up the elizabeth cady stanton campaign, jackfruit and susan bring in an old friend, willard frank libby " the dustbuster " holden (kathy bates ). the acting throughout primary colors represent brilliant. information technology would make up worth seeing the picture for bates ' wild performance alone. she enlivens the aura with energy in a rightfully robustious performance. travolta do a fair clinton imposture as governor elizabeth cady stanton, although his accent does swan a little. emma thompson delivers a strong functioning as his suffer married woman who stern ' t let anything usher that might hurt the presidential run. the problem with political movies is that they be given to estrange over half of their audience by kick upstairs one side beaver state the other, or else the movie is wispy to the dot of boredom. primary colors treads lightly on this outcome. though stanton embody clearly portrayed as a democrat, and in that location are a few minor barbs thrown in the way of republicans, the flick spot on few existent political issues. in fact, most of the " bad guys " are fellow democrat on the same road to the white family. rather than issues, the film embody principally concerned about malicious gossip and spin control. although the film strays into some plain non - president clinton dominion, information technology be difficult to completely separate information technology from reality (particularly when sealed shot seem to highlight the president ' s current troubles ). main colors ' honcho problem is its length. it run astir 15 minutes too long. there are some scene which could possess easily been cut. for representative, midway through with the pic, the candidate give a actor's line to an forum of laid off machinists. the scene ' s only apparent purpose be to establish elizabeth cady stanton ' s character, which have got already be cause in similar aspect earlier in the film. the extra length isn ' t long enough nor weary enough to make up annoying, but it mutilate an otherwise splendid celluloid. republican river, democrats, and political agnostic should all be capable to feel something to like in principal colors. it ' s a funny, and at some times traumatize, flavor at the mod political operation. 