capsule: the humans will come to an closing at midnight. everyone knows information technology and must take a leak a final repose with the last hours of their lives. this is an intelligent science fiction film with no special effects, barely personality and musical theme. , eminent + 2 (- four to + iv ) - it is the last night of the planet and several different masses are oppose each in their ain means to the end. the moving picture covers 6 pm to midnight. the main character be patrick play by david mckellan who also wrote and directed. - reminiscent of on the beach. but a great deal to a greater extent so of a story richard matheson wrote, " the last twenty four hour period. " ( p. southward. on rereading the 1953 matheson, this film is almost a loose adaptation of that storey. the similarities may follow simple coincidence, but they are legion and they are very striking. ) - us release english hawthorn be knotty. the rubric is lackluster and non - memorable, though very appropriate when you know astir the moving picture show. likewise provincial americans may non care astir the end of the world coming to toronto. they probably would sense information technology would not affect them. mayhap a pbs release would be possible. - patrick ' s family possess adjudge information technology christmas and are ache that the (adult) nipper will not spend the whole eventide with them. - grocery store stores mostly looted. it look though that one of everything is allow. - some citizenry continue business as usual, some need gender, some react with faith, some rioting. some multitude be in total denial. - much comedy, much drama. - real canadian cast. - it does non bring forth dark. it is just constantly daytime. - radio acting " final nighttime i didn ' deoxythymidine monophosphate get to kip at all. " how appropriate. - david cronenberg as a kind of bland functionary coach at the gas troupe. genvieve bujold as french instructor call in former student. - science fiction film with no special burden, toll about ii million dollar. - the person you have be thrown unitedly with by chance becomes the about significant person to you for the rest of your lifespan. - wherefore would it make up so precisely at midnight? what about other clip zones? what is the nature of what is destroying the world? 