in tim burton ' s ` sleepy hollow ', in that respect be a mysterious headless horseman who decapitates occupant of the small town of the same gens. he rides a beautiful black steed and carries an imposing sword that callous the wound of his victims with an immediate swipe. burton ' s update on washington irving ' s classic tarradiddle of ` the legend of sleepyheaded hollow ' offers u.s.a. the mystery of the horseman, when the screenplay should have just settled on the aspect of the horror. writer andrew kevin go cart (` vii ') throw in possibly too level headed a dosage of sherlock holmes, simply the visual intervention of the film is absolutely entrancing, as burton offers foggy locales and detailed costume that represent gorgeous and stirring to examine. as ` sleepy hollow ' open, we ' rhenium greeted with a juicy cameo from dino paul crocetti lev davidovich landau, who won an oscar in richard burton ' s ` ed wood '. landau toy a prominent citizen of sleepy hollow, world health organization, on a fateful go cart ride through the forest, is decollate by an unseen horseback passenger. after two more than murders frequent the residents of the quaint piddling town, constable ichabod crane (johnny depp) is sent in to investigate. landlord baltus von tassel (michael gambon) explains to crane that the heads have been sever from the carcass and cryptically taken in each separate case, and that they believe the murderer is a dead hessian trooper (played briefly by a marvelously jarring christopher walken) who has risen from the grave after being decapitated in the westerly woods. stephen crane is not a gentleman's gentleman of great superstition, and embody find out to root out the human culprit with his assortment of gizmos and gadget (things i was not surprised to recover in a tim richard burton movie ). first and foremost, ` sleepy holler ' equal a fun revulsion film. as with virtually all burton moving picture show, we are treat to a wonderful mark by composer danny elfman, world health organization has once again poured excitement and imagination into an atmospherical soundtrack that accentuate the gothic mood perfectly. the horse fancier f / ten are stylish and telling, particularly in perfectly conflate battle sequences involving actual player. but wherefore did i enjoy ` sleepy hollow ' every bit much as i did? although enjoyable, it live non the legion beheadings and the plentiful gore that forge left and good.. it was the unclouded comic signature that sir richard burton applied. the movie has the fragrance of a candy orchard apple tree, usually channeled done depp ' s wonderful operation as the lovable geek ichabod crane, who is no more longer a mild - mannered school teacher simply still attains his fearful qualities. this is certainly not the only change that ' second been get. as the film go on, information technology suit ostensible that walker is more concerned with the mystery story of the slaying than the murders themselves. the momentum is slowed considerably once crane begins piece the closed book together, because for the interview, information technology ' s not an military issue we particularly wish to make up solve. it ' s more effective for the headless horseman to be an elusive demon than an knotty demon with an ulterior motif. still, we are still captivated by the breathtaking expert particular and burton ' s keen middle to capture our attention. the costuming is exceptional, and the dialogue follow crisp and in force throughout (information technology ' s recognizable that the script was refined by prize - win playwright tom stoppard ). the supporting cast exhibits to a greater extent people of colour and playfulness than many. a blonde christina ricci is in all right form as von tassel ' s daughter katrina, and an unlikely romance between she and ichabod be amazingly consistent. walken, michael gough (world health organization appear in burton ' s ` batman ' films) and miranda richardson comprise all enjoyable in tackling their disjoined part. i reckon the strengths behind ` sleepy hollow ' lie within the key triad: director burton, constable depp and the headless horseman world health organization hunts him down with remorseless truth. all of this is non to be taken seriously, of course. ` sleepy hollow ' is a munificent, horrendous and on the whole amuse reworking of a definitive tale that many people cherished as tyke. if you ' ve develop a decent head on your shoulders, you ' ll have the proficient sentience to gallop off to the theater and savour information technology unity last time. 