what ' s shocking about " carlito ' s means " is how good information technology be. having puzzle a bit of a bad tap for not being a big box office striking like pacino ' s previous film, " scent of a woman, " and not having as strong a performance as helium did in that one (atomic number 2 had just won an oscar ), " carlito ' s way " was destined for underrated heaven. that ' s what information technology personify: an underrated gem of a movie. and what a shame because pacino and de palma both do amazing jobs with it, and turn it into a great piece of a pulpy character study. " carlito ' s direction " deals with, well, carlito brigante (pacino ), a puerto rican ex - drug top banana, who gets extinct of a farsighted jailterm when his snow - addicted, curly - haired attorney (sean penn) points out a effectual technicality. of course, carlito cost actually awoken in prison house, and has decided to go directly, yet if he ' s really a criminal at heart. carlito, like barry lyndon, is a gentleman who is trapped by fate at every turn, and put up ' t escape into something he be not. carlito ' s attempt at a clean, legal life are thwarted at well nigh every twist. when he first drive out, a friend of his stop upward leading him into a heavy shoot - out, where he have to down a couple people to survive. atomic number 2 ' second constantly getting beleaguer by the government to see if helium ' s doing anything illegal, and his lawyer finds himself neck - oceanic abyss in a pile of shit, call for him to try and serve him verboten, which includes him perform some prison breaking. carlito, similar ratso rizzo, require to go to miami (since, according to pic logic, that ' s where it ' randomness at ), only needs some funding. being a legend, he be apace able to get a squeamish job run a big saltation club (this is the 70s, by the way, and since some of this takes place in night clubs, we make to discover all sorts of 70s classics, include several k. c. and the fair weather band tunes - my personal favorite ). helium gets a bodyguard (the dandy luis guzman, at his skilful ), and is soon running a pretty good business, even if he ' s constantly attracting underworld young thugs, like benny blanco " from the bronx " (john leguiziamo ), who is more than once manoeuvre out to be a young version of carlito. on the other side, the symbol of promise and leslie townes hope, is gail (penelope ann miller - what encounter to her? ), his lady friend from before prison. she ' s a goregeous ballerina, and a stripper, and soon carlito is trying to get back with her, and require her with him when atomic number 2 finally leave for miami. while this relationship equal ne'er fully defined operating theater anything, we get a signified of love between them, and they have some truly interesting scenes between them (she never gives him address or locales - he always has to give chase her down ). all of these elements clash unitedly at the destruction, in a brilliantly executed, emotional flood tide, which is inevitable. when i say inevitable, 1 entail we see information technology at the beginning and and so backtrack, putting a great twist on information technology. for certain, it ' s going to eleveate some of the tautness, but it gives the film a draw of deepness, as carlito is witness trapped by destiny. what ' s amazing is the big pursuit chronological sequence (amazingly done by de palma) receive a lot of tension and thrills. like " apollo 13, " we bang what ' s go to happen, but we ' re still shiver by what take place in the middle. it ' s too really worked up, thanks to a great script by david koepp, and amazing performances by pacino and milling machine. de palma is famous (surgery infamous) for peck of violence in his films. his earlier flim, " scarface " (which starred pacino in the pencil lead ), throw a ton of it, specially at the destruction (and a nasty chainsaw prospect towards the beginning which i ' m still non over ). merely diamond state palma actually reigns in more quieter scenes. to me, the best aspect in the film is when carlito is on top of a building, looking down into the way where gail comprise arrange ballet. this is the most bright coiffure, and most emotionally stimulating scene in the intact film, and belike the good in de palma film history. with a gorgeous soprano duo in the background, and rainwater pouring down onto a trashcan lid covering carlito ' s head, and a saddened, remorseful spirit on pacino ' s face, it ' s a tear - yanker (well, for me, i dunno about you. .. ). the acting from all live great, especially from the three leads. pacino was panned for his performance, chiefly because his stress wasn ' t puerto rican enough and, well, information technology wasn ' deoxythymidine monophosphate as " strong " as his academy award - winning theatrical role in " scent of a woman. " well, his " aroma of a woman " performance comprise great and all, but information technology be zip rattling only, as comic kevin pollock said, a " foghorn leghorn effect. " in " carlito ' s way, " helium ' s emotional, and strong, despite the fact that atomic number 2 ' s remorseful over his intact life style, which he cannot change. i felt more for carlito brigante than i exercise for the tango - dancing, insult - throwing blind guy rope in " scent of a woman. " as i enounce, genus penelope ann miller is great, and she and pacino in reality bear very good chemistry. and they ' re scenes represent well - spell, with some good clever dialogue which adds some interest group to an other than bland family relationship. and sean penn is amazing as the coke - addicted stinkpot lawyer. every scene he ' s in, helium get great energy, and still measures up to the sizeableness that is pacino. in smaller roles, john the divine leguiziamo and luis guzman are great. " carlito ' s direction " is one of those films which you heard astir briefly, but when you finally learn it, you ' re perfectly blown away. information technology ' s a wonderful photographic film, a extremely underrated short masterpiece which was shelve after it didn ' t do so hot. but trust pine tree state and check information technology out. it ' s a great little plastic film, and proof that the residential critics and mass populus are non forever mightily. 