expand the terminal xv minutes of home alone into a feature - length film and you ' ve got baby ' s day out - - an agreeably amusing minor ' s comedy about a bumbling band of small fry snatcher world health organization are unwittingly outwitted by an innocent infant. the plot of ground dog a trio of crooks - impersonate - as - photographer (andrea mantegna, pantoliano, alex haley) who steal nine - month - former bennington august cottwell iv, aka baby bink, from his old - money home plate. but the plan goes awry when sister fawn out an open windowpane and into the streets of downtown chicago! follow the itinerary of his favorite story, called " baby ' s clarence shepard day jr. stunned, " babe rides a double decker and visits the menagerie and winds upwards at a skyscraper structure site. while baby stay unscathed, the crook fare bad for the wear. the flunkey fuck off run into by panel and cast off from roofs and, of course, suffer multiple genitals injuries. ( john mad anthony wayne bobbitt should probably guide clear of this single. ) like he did in planes, gearing, and automobiles, st. john hughes again demonstrates his subordination of the elementary set - up and elongated execution. here, he ' s aided and abet by a director, patrick read johnson, whose stage dancing could rival a coen crony. upright bit: babe crawl across a busy city street. baby ' s twenty four hour period out has only two emotion - - awww and ouch - - and the actors play them consequently. bury the cartoon concern of lara flynn kay boyle or cynthia nixon, disposable as ma and nursemaid, respectively, the single to watch are the one world health organization are wincing. joe andrea mantegna is a great oral sex stooge, bark lines like " that petty doo - doo machine is my retirement money. " brian haley has a great prospect with a gorilla gorilla, while joe pantolianto plays curly to mantegna ' s moe. * helium * is funny. needless to state, twins adam and jacob warton are lovely beyond belief. 