in 1998, director brett ratner and his star, jackie chan and chris tucker, breathed new life into the buddy - action picture show genre with the cross - cultural " rush hour " - to the line of about $ 250 million. you don ' t mess with success, so the squad be backward again, and better, in " rush hour 2. " the combo of the terrific physical talents of chan and the non - stop motor oral cavity of tucker make for an ethnically strange duet in " rush hour " that trifle considerably to audiences around the world. the formula act upon then well, in fact, that the sequel was inevitable. unity ' m never thrilled with the idea of a follow - upward to a successful original since they seldom adjoin the previously set expectations. surprisingly, " rush hour ii " wastes no clock time getting down to clientele and turn out to embody better than the flick that spawn information technology. the playscript, by jeff nathanson (utilizing the persona developed by nellie ross lamanna in the first motion picture show ), wastes no time getting to the point properly from the first. terrorist have bombed the u embassy in hong kong, killing deuce american translators, and master inspector lee (jackie chan) is turn over the job of solve the crime. at the same time, his booster william james carter (chris sophie tucker) arrives on the island for some much needed r & r and expects his champion to spend some time and evidence him the mess. or else, lee drag carter into the case and the twain get involve in stopping a conspiracy to fake hundred of million of us dollars. the makers of " rush minute deuce " live work at a distinct advantage over the original. we, the viewer, comprise familiar with the ii jumper cable lineament and the already - existing alchemy that chan and tucker developed hence well the first time around. that chemistry cost a mellow power point (and believably the saving period) before and, nowadays, the pair wears their friendship alike a comfortable suit. little clip be wasted in getting to know the key player so the screenplay take advantage on those thing we care best in " rushed hour. " first and foremost to me, in " rh2, " be the immense pleasure in watching jackie chan ' s artistry in fight choreography. the 47 - year old martial art sea captain hold a renowned reputation for do all of his own stunt study and, here, he does non disappoint. chan ' s use of props when combat regretful guy cable keep as atomic number 2 powderise his opponents with whatever item comes to hand, such as a tripe bucket. his moves look every bit as good as they ever did as helium fights four or five nemesis at once on bamboo scaffolding, on the tail ending of a yacht, in a hong kong massage parlor and, for the finale, in a las vegas casino. corresponding harold lloyd operating theatre buster keaton, chan takes pride in putting his physical ego on the line in pursuit of his artistry and follow a delight to keep an eye on. chris sophie tucker reprize his role as the motor talk la cop, carter, world health organization teams, again, with lee to put down the bad guys. when helium is unceremoniously extract from his vacation to help his colleague and champion with the big instance, he still looks to have some playfulness. when lee cash in one's chips into a karaoke measure, the lair of chief bad guy ricky tan (john lone) and his hoods, carter takes the spotlight on stagecoach with a credible michael michael jackson riffian. the comic made the move from the improv microscope stage to the big crt screen and, with jackie chan, has a franchise to hang his coating on to ante up the bills. the combo of chan ' s flying foot and fists with tucker ' s fast mouth make a duet to a greater extent endearing than riggs and murtaugh in the " deadly weapon " films. the support cast is here to move thing along expeditiously. whoremonger lone, as ricky suntan, is a suave scoundrel world health organization be the real power behind the throne of american bigwig steven reign (alan magnate in a walk through performance ). lone doesn ' t chew scene operating theater make believe pronouncements to " get lee and carter, " but gives the chief unfit guy rope elegance. zhang zi - lolo (" crouching tiger, hidden dragon ") continues to display her soldierlike arts skill as ricky ' s taciturn henchlady, hu li, who carries on an on going battle with carter. ( carter hold a trouble, through most of the film, with hitting a woman, but this fall by with their eventual one - on - one melee at the conclusion. ) roselyn sanchez is knockdown gorgeous (and resembles sandra steer) as undercover agent isabella i molina - she doesn ' t add very much to the equation but comprise grand to check. director ratner and the original " spate hr " product team have assembled a bunch of skilled crafter to work behind the photographic camera. cinematographer matthew f. leonetti has had a long career of blast natural action flicks and gives " rh2 " the fluid tv camera apparent movement the genre film motivation. production designing by terrence marsh spans continents and have the good look, whether information technology be in a hong kong karaoke stripe or a high wager las vegas casino. the rest of the technical school constitute of the same high quality. 1 ' m surprise to even say that " rush hour ii " is the well nigh entertaining of the summer blockbuster picture. it takes the ripe of the inaugural film and kick jurassic dino butt in its play, frolic and degenerate pace and constitute the best mainstream thing out, indeed far, this summertime. i give it a b. 