lisa cholodenko ' s " high prowess, " be an intelligent, still drama. its inviolable timbre, aside from the top - notch central performances, is the perceptive way in which the film, also written by cholodenko, keep its character. they are all flawed multitude, some more troubled than others, just they be not judged. judging the characters in this pictorial matter would live a originative misstep on the filmmaker ' parts, because no one, no matter how bad off they represent, deserve to be negatively gauge if they are involved in some serious problems that they cannot break free of. syd (radha mitchell ), a twenty four - yr - old woman living with her longtime boyfriend james (gabriel horace mann ), has recently be awarded an idealistic job at the high - visibility photography cartridge clip, " frame. " she very a lot enjoys where her career constitute head, but is often not take rattling seriously by her managers, who follow invariably giving her petty jobs to do, when she knows she could be doing more important things. one night, while taking a bath, syd notices a making water come from the apartment above hers, so when she goes up there to inform them of information technology, she meets lucy beliner (ally sheedy ), a thin, worn - out, and unhappy charwoman, who lives with her drug - addicted german girl, greta (patricia clarkson ), a pathetic former actress who is usually so out - of - it that she often equal in and out of conciousness. syd quickly strikes improving a conversation with lucy, and discovers that she used to represent an acclaimed photographer ten years before. lucy claims she doesn ' metric ton want to get back into the professing, but syd manages to win over the " frame " editor in chief to make a piece on her work. all the while, syd begins to acquire mystifying feelings for lucy, even though she have never previously been attracted to a woman, and lucy start up a struggle with her personal ogre. " high art, " is such an effective motion picture because information technology is ne'er suger - coated or idealized, but instead an honest and convincing portrait of a handful of unhappy hoi polloi whose lives live go nowhere, while syd ' s luck begins to rise. the film in no way is about sapphism, but about dear, which live a brisk change of pace from the usual stereotypic portraits of gayness. as lucy and syd grow nigher and closer together, we very do believe that they be precipitate in love with each early, still if the relationship might be destine. with this picture, ally sheedy ' s star has risen once again, thanks to her touch, nearly flawless portrtayal of lucy, a womanhood world health organization, in the course of a decennium, have retrieve her life sentence consumed almost entirely by drugs, which has taken away her once - blossoming career. her characted really is tragical, and one peculiar scene involving lucy and her mother, in which lucy admits to her that she has a drug problem, and her female parent matter - of - factly responds by aver she stern ' t help her, personify heartbreaking. although not autobiographical, sheedy has get drug problems in her past, and i suspect she bring that knowledge of already being in lucy ' s footsteps to her role. also very good be radha mitchell as syd, world health organization previously star in the slight 1997 australian comedy, " love and other catastrophes, " wh caught pine tree state by surprisal with her performance. easily be able bodied to pass as christina ricci ' s older sister, mitchell obtain the like natural charisma that has made ricci thus popular of late. equally accurate as almost every detail embody in, " gamey art, " i care the relationship had been more tightly write require syd and james, who, played by gabriel mann, is leave with a throwaway role. by the time helium finds out astir syd and lucy, atomic number 2 disappears from the film, and 1 wishing there had be another scenery where they confronted each other. this be a very minor fault, however, in a film that be broad of riches. although many of the characters are stuck in a hopeless pit of despair, syd and lucy live intelligent masses world health organization recognize their job. the character of dominique (anh duong ), the " frame " editor who decide to give syd a hazard with her musical theme, be too written to be far more than ripe than expected. and the unrivaled sex shot in the film was attractively and earlier done. for at one time, it did not invlove steaminess, operating room violent sexual body process, or gratuitous nudity, only focused on the actual characters, who love each other, and their insecurity involved in pass water the decision to actually have sexuality. " mellow art, " which win the screenwriting award at the 1998 sundance moving picture show festival, marks the superior feature picture debut of cholodenko, as considerably as sheedy ' s strongest, and best, role to escort. 