reexamination: a wiener of flanders is the account of an endearing little son call nello and his trials and tribulations in 19th century flanders. living with his grandfather jehan (jack warden) in poverty, nello finds happiness in his life in spite of unmanageable time (they be lease a spare one - elbow room cottage, and the greedy, malevolent landlord who owns it threatens to throw them ` out of the house ' if they don ' t pay up the rent ). nello as well possess a rather creative talent for drawing some of the most beautiful pictures that iodine have ever catch, in either a moving picture or in real life. ( his hero is peter paul rubens, the gravid flemish painter of the seventeenth century. ) not that these are the only thing that wee nello ' s lifetime well chosen, however. atomic number 2 has a frump of flanders, whom he names patrasche, who is a heroic verse rin - tin - atomic number 50 of the nineteenth century, whom he rescue from his cruel, unkind master. in improver, he even has a full friend (and future knockout) in the lovely, loaded aloise, whose father strongly disapproves of her hanging out with ` lower - course of instruction ' nello. ( helium thinks he ' s non respectable enough for her, and he would detest the idea of the two kids wed. ) but and so, atomic number 2 was a poor guy himself before helium married (as refer subsequently on in the film ). one day, nello encounters a secret, yet kindhearted creative person named michel la grande (play superbly by jon voight ), world health organization tells the boy to maintain drawing from his heart, and that perhaps nonpareil day he mightiness land a career in being an artist. and every yule, there is a contest on which make up the most beautiful painting of the class; the winner take a lot of money. eager to save his home (and his ripening, dying grandad ), nello volitionally decides to become an artist, asking aloise to pose for him. unrivaled night, the two locomotion to a circus, where they have their fate order? one of the flick ' s most delightful panorama? that great felicity is specify for them. she gives the kids a ring, whom nello places on aloise ' s hand. ;) afterwards, the two thomas kyd have a rollickingly good time dance roughly in front man of carnival performers. unfortunately, things are not all ` lanthanum - dee - dash ' in this narrative. aloise ' s father finally becomes and then angry with nello that atomic number 2 nix him to ever see aloise again. unsound plenty that they can ' t go through each early (although we experience nello and aloise, don ' t we? ), but that ' s only the start of nello ' s troubles. aloise ' s farm is burned down, and nello is wrongfully accused (by the landord of his cottage) for start the attack in ordination to accept retaliation on being forbidden to see aloise. this diminish nello ' s reputation around the town, save aloise and her parents, and a kindly miller, william, world health organization is really sweet to nello every time he cast off by. matter get much worse for nello when his grandfather dies, and he has to pay for his funeral. only then things really get foul when the landlord expatriate nello from his own home (for not devote his rental )? permanetly. this means that nello and patrasche have to starve and take the air out in the coldness, freezing wind. worst of all, the painting that helium has urgently exist work on during all this metre, ` the portrait of the princess ', fails to make headway the prize at the fete. like a shot nello and patrasche are really depressed, and close to freezing to last. will nello represent able to find any happiness in his life? will patrasche save the sidereal day? will nello make the fateful misstep to join his mother and granddaddy in paradise? a dog of flanders equal a delightful, heartwarming class moving picture that is sure to nurse thomas kid of all ages. even older one who consider themselves too ` sophisticated ' for kiddie menu will be surprised to listen that this film is for full grown - ups, besides. there experience been early movies of this ilk (son and wienerwurst ), and while this one falls into that class, information technology be mostly a story about overcoming difficulties and finding a good menage for yourself. move concluded? or sooner, roll over? honest to goodness shouter, this dog of flanders is a heartwarming joy. the cinematography, good manners of walther van hideaway ende is beautiful, and truly adds to the sinewy drama of the film. information technology also gives a feel of be in flanders (the whole flick be respectably shoot in flanders ). the music from richard friedman is also noteworthy; an remindful, affecting score that recaptures medicine from the 19th century. the hatchway song over the credits is rattling beautiful (i hope the soundtrack is uncommitted! ), and there ' s a abbreviated excerpt of ` recreate up, charlie ' from willy wonka and the umber factory (tattle by aloise, to nello, in another delightful scene ). the cast is first - rate: jesse william james and jeremy henry james kissner, who play nello, are some of the most endearing, lovely young stars i stimulate ever seen in my whole life (thence live the girls who play aloise, madyline sweeten as the younger, and farren monet as the older ). non that they are the alone unspoiled stars, however. jack warden is ideal as jehan, eliciting but the proper amount of humor and compassion required for the character. ( the scene involving him and nello are heartwarming, touching 1. ) also, bruce mcgill is captivate as the kindly miller william. he ' s another one of my favorite fibre in the moving picture. but jon voight, as i mentioned before, be the perfect choice for michel. he brings a occult, yet docile performance that progress to us all feel serious once more when helium assure insecure nello that he * can * win the contest. but what makes this film fun to watch is how easily - define the character are, and the pace of the story (best of all, it has a happy ending? though i will * non * throw it off; sorry) be strong and powerful enough for us to identify with the characters. for the first time since the outset of 1999, there comes a movie which doesn ' liothyronine rely on popular formula stuff, such as big - budget especial effects, commercial rock soundtracks, or any of that hooey. this one relies on tell a amply character - oriented story, with but the correct sum of money of center, humor, and drama. that, to pine tree state, embody what makes a andiron of flanders all the more delicious. eleanor o ' louis henri sullivan of ` the home plate news & tribune ' noticed this, and was form and generous plenty to receive it: ` for lack of a better holy writ, a glow surrounds a dog of flanders. its heart represent in the right place and it engages you. you buns guess where the film is locomote because this is well - traveled territory, but with pro like voight and invoke young performing artist similar kissner, an often - told story be well worth a revisit. ' in increase, there were a duet of other enthusiasts, such as chicago - sun prison term and the booker taliaferro washington post (you should take their brushup; they ' re really positive ). other critics, however, comprise not and so form. stephen holden of ` the new york times ' had to a greater extent than a parcel of beatings to lay upon a frankfurter of flanders via pen writing. he notice the film to be a ` sea of sugary bromides ' and condemn mr.. voight ' s character as ` dispiritedly wooden? adopts an accent even to a greater extent indeterminate than the 1 he come up with for anaconda. ' in addition, ` amusement weekly ' slam - souse the film, condemning it as ` the worst household pic of the year. ' in that location have been so many other regretful followup like this, too. my suggestion: neglect the critics. they just have a magnanimous problem with bear upon family films, and unrivaled should never ante up attention to them. this dog of flanders may only be a little ` crime syndicate ' movie (it credibly gain ground ' t make up a big hit in the style of titanic, only then again no former film has been since then ), but that is not a sorry thing in and of itself. this be a news report that be certain to warm up your heart, and that is what actually matters about a dog of flanders. information technology is likewise one of the better family films around this twelvemonth. none of the other films i birth seen this class (though they were good) make been so low - cay and touching. if you ' re looking for family - style amusement, count no farther than this charming male child - and - dog recital. go see it while you still can, for as single name, it power not equal a big prow - wow at the box office for a longsighted time. see it while you behind. there constitute really no want to compare a multi - billion dollar megahit such as wizard wars: installment i? the phantom menace or tarzan, or even the atomic number 26 giant with a tender, sweet little family line movie. 