sam (matthew broderick) cost an astronomer in a little american town and engaged to teacher linda (kelly preston ). he embody head over heel in love and lindas sudden departure to new house of york city to exist with her new lover anton (tch? ky karyo) comes as a complete surprise to him. but as we all know love is unsighted and so sam leaves for unexampled house of york as intimately to win her book binding. he incite into an abandoned house across the street from anton ' s apartment and set up a camera obscura to watch them. suddenly anton ' s ex husband maggie shows upward, only she does not need her former lover back. on the contrary, all she wants to perform be vaporize him. she may enounce that she doesn ' t want to kill him, but the theory doesn ' t bother her to a fault much either. after all, masses conk out every day. in venom of their different motives the two squad up and fall for each early as thing move on. the story sounds like something we all birth seen a million times. only we haven ' t. griffin dunne brings us the most witching drollery since " while you where catch some z's ". the photographic camera obscura adds a " special something " to the motion picture show and micturate it an special romantic drollery. everything about the flick is double dyed, from set design to casting. the dialog are inspired and the touches of black humour add a sure sharpness. 1000000 ryan, known from " when harry encounter sally " or " sleepless in seattle ", surprise in a role that may finally help her get rid of her mellifluous slight girl mental image. she impress the spectator as a maneating biker girl. yet to a greater extent surprising embody the fact that the viewer believes her, a great deal more so than in final years " braveness nether fire " where she played a gulf war pilot. matthew broderick is the goodnatured and somewhat naive surface to air missile world health organization has worry live with reality. the spectator can recite that atomic number 2 doesn ' t only watch the stars merely too tries to reach out for them. he has difficulty keeping in touch with reality. after all, who would leave everything behind to tail a lost love? his naivet? that we don ' t question for a second throughout the movie clashes with maggies exaggerated wish for retaliation. she would do anything to harm anton. she doesn ' t hesitate to utilise sam for her design and gain him understand right from the beginning that nothing will encounter between the two of them. that makes the scenes when they innocently share a bed, have potatoe chips and find out the activeness across the street alike a saturday dark show on idiot box yet funnier. tch? ky karyo is perfect as anton. he be, considerably, repulsive. that ' s all there is to pronounce about him. you can ' t really manage to pity him, even after all his mischance. atomic number 2 not merely took sam ' s bride away from him, he is also a french chef. worlds jar, i. vitamin e. the usa and french republic. this can only expire wrong. even if maggies retaliate schemes are at meter scandalise, you precisely can ' t sympathize with a man who plays " je metric ton ' aime. .. moi non plus " on his tape deck of cards. not everyone is enamor by the french charme that linda and still maggie fell for. sam certainly isn ' t. too bad for anton. for him things have a turn to the worse. " addicted to love " exist one of this year ' s near pleasant surprisal. 