theatre director david fincher has such an centre for item which is very rare in hollywood these days (terry gilliam comes to mind as another unity ). celluloid be one of the unspoilt art figure because non only can you tell a story, but you toilet use the camera to catch the little detail and give it mean something. but most director seem to go for activeness with the slightest apothecaries' ounce of a story. so whenever a director expend the camera to its full electric potential, the motion picture most automatically deserves a good review. and when they add a fascinating level to it, you have nearly perfect entertainment. fincher ' s the secret plan be no elision to this. the secret plan is one of the most interesting and complex motion picture to come verboten of hollywood in a long time. fincher hasn ' thyroxin made a film since " seven, " his box office and critical hit which hold outlook and go nonpareil of the best picture show ever. so it be astir time helium made another film. and what a ride information technology is. the biz international relations and security network ' t rather equally knock down as " seven, " but in some ways information technology is better. overall, the game could have used a little more than clarity, or a little more uncertainness. it walk a line of work of insanity and reality, only it never goes either way until the really closing. the issue is satisfying enough for the forego events, and it build a lot of sense once everything is arrange directly. alas, unlike " the usual suspects, " we are never give enough information to figure come out for ourselves what equal happening, whether information technology be reliable or false. notwithstanding, this likewise gives the film a frightening aspect which the game uses to the fullest extent. the game is told all from its primary character ' s point of view. nicholas van orton (michael douglas) be a gamey - strung and isolated man of affairs. he survive alone in his gargantuan mansion, divorced from his married woman elizabeth, and is celebrating his forty eighth birthday; the same age at which his founder committed felo de se at, in the like mansion. for his 48th birthday, conrad (sean william penn ), the greyback of the house, gives nicholas a gift security to crs: consumer recreation service of process. " it will make your living fun again, " his brother promise. as questioning as nicholas is, he is somewhat intrigued, and bother by the want of info - - something this businessman hates. seeing a hoarding in an office, atomic number 2 decides to chew the fat the mysterious company. jim feingold (james ii rebhorn) greets nicholas and guide him through with the sign - upwards process, which consists of psych - tests, physicals, worked up response, and other mind games. " each game is suited to each somebody ' s emotional and psychological needs, " explains feingold. one sidereal day, nicholas gets a call from chromium and they explain that he run out the tests. even more intrigued and at present somewhat angered at the time he spend signing up, he starts asking around to take care what the great unwashed can tell him about the troupe. what he doesn ' t realize is that the game birth already begin. the headphone call be just the maiden of many strange events to be thrown nicholas ' way. how helium finds ko'd that he embody involved has to live see because it embody amusing and fun and visually impressive. the point involved in fincher ' s shots is unbelievable and almost requires a second showing just to appreciate the crusade that went into them. with " seven, " fincher had near every individual shot mean value something. atomic number 2 also has the unique power to make you look at exactly what helium require you to. compared to " septet, " though, the game be abstemious and comical. because of this film ' s sentiency of humor and self - consciousness, zilch can be taken quite seriously. so don ' t try to make much sense of what goes on in the game, because it doesn ' t desire you to. what does make sense follow the final revelation of saint john the divine - - when everything becomes apparent and clear. if taken as information technology is, the game ' s ending makes complete common sense. but if you adjudicate and critique every minute detail, then you go yourself into plot trap and incredibility. perhaps that equal the rationality i tail the film. while attempt to remain naturalistic and plausible, the plot is as well unbelievable to create any real tension on screen. we don ' thyroxine really care if douglas ' grapheme lives surgery not because information technology isn ' t believable. the ending take you to have believed anything that take materialise previously, but if you suspend disbelief and take the film as it is, you bum accept the game as an emotionally and psycholically disturbing thriller. michael douglas gives a grand performance as nicholas. douglas has play lonely businessmen before, but here he add together another story to his performance. his character, who equal normally level - guide and relies on facts, is forced to believe nonentity. can atomic number 2 believe the waitress atomic number 2 bumped into? what about his sidekick who get him involved in the game in the first property? douglas impersonate this aspect of his character extremely well, and gives one of his best performance (yet honest than his " fall down " part ). the support cast is essential in this moving picture, and molding was critical. sean penn is always expert, and he gives up to now another believable performance as douglas ' brother. deborah kara unger (from " crash ") personify the waitress he bumps into, and her performance cost extremely unspoilt. in fact, she about steals the motion picture from douglas. st. james rebhorn portrays his fibre very well, and adds some confusion and desparation to douglas ' predicament. another good performance comes from armin mueller - stahl (from " shine ") as the record book editor. but view that douglas is in every single prospect of the game, atomic number 2 non only commands this cast, but makes this removed and lonely character come up to colourful life. the game is rated radius for language, violence, some gore, and some nudeness and drug. what is substantive for this cinema to exercise is the writing. john brancato and michael ferris have woven a confusing and compelling screenplay with witty dialogue, and some rattling funny moments. this screenplay will probably get an academy award nomination for best original screenplay because it do well nigh exactly the like thing the usual suspect ' did. nonetheless, the visuals of the biz be enough to make the witness enjoy the vexing plot of ground. and if you can stimulate yourself to conceive everything take place on the blind, you will be thoroughly entertained by one of this year ' s good motion picture. 