sick: the life story and decease of bob flanagan, supermasochist by fernando vallejo asterisk bob flanagan and sheree grow. interviews by kathe burkhart, kirby dick and rita valencia. acquire and directed by kirby dick. running sentence: 90 mins. this motion picture is not rated. the key themes of " sick: the life and death of bobsleigh flanagan, supermasochist " are pain and lovemaking, and its subsequent effect on a person ' s aliveness. its protagonist, dock flanagan, who expire at the years of 52, suffer from cystic fibrosis, a mortal disease which debilitates the lungs by saturating them with wooden headed coat of mucus, preventing him from normal respiration. the picture show be about much more than recouperating (oregon essay to) from this disease. an barefaced, fantastically triumphant docudrama, " purge " chronicles the life story of flanagan and his vicious, unthinkable acts of sadomasochism conducted with his mistress of fifteen years, sheree rose, world health organization amazingly provide much of the footage for the film. flanagan ' s idelogy cut through the realms of defiance and turn transcendental, similar to terry zwigoff ' s brilliant 1994 " rat ", which also explored the dysfunction of an artist by painting not a sympathetic portrait, just a realistic unity. both crumb and flanagan revelled in their defects. but flanagan was not only if a man content on enduring the pain via lungs, he bring down acts of pain on himself at a very young age, courageously defying god (he was an irish catholic) and twist his body into a work of art, which he ravel in museums and lectures. behold these works of forcible art. among them is a metallic element ball inserted inner his anus, and, - - the virtually disturbing scene of the 10 - -, nailing his member to a dining table. flanagan represent a man of great intelligence, wag and humor, as well as take over a sense of frankness scarcely seen in modern filmmaking. non only do he approach his disease with humor, peforming burlesque acts in front of an consultation, atomic number 2 was also revitalise by his approachment. most with cystic fibrosis make not make information technology past their earlier xx (there ' s too a subplot imply a female lover who knew death was awaiting her. ) merely the most outstanding thing astir " gruesome " is flanagan ' s human relationship with sheree. brimming with honesty, sensual stimulant and unapologetically lamentable moment of pain, their powerful chemical bond lifts " sick " into a uncommon cinematic high, where we forget we are in an auditorium and become a part of these hoi polloi. the last place scene, where we ascertain the hero murmuring the last words to his wife in a hospital layer, as helium skin for his last moments of life, is raw, tender, hideous. it goes a step beyond cinematic closeness. 