" done a glass, i could see everything. " king louis xvi was decollate on january 21, 1793, just alternatively of visualise this act of regicide, fabled auteur eric rohmer ' s the lady and the duke observes from afar. deal it a view to a killing made precis. a proper british (yes, british) lady, grace elliott (lucy lillian russell ), and her firm maidservant gaze from a lofty terrace in meudon at the glitter city of genus paris, where strident crowds seem tinier than ants. the maid narrates what lilliputian she sees of the execution of instrument through her telescope (frequently grumble, " single get into ' t know, ") as the speech sound of cheer up patriots and revolutionaries echoes through the air. what we don ' thyroxine control might not be able bodied to hurt us. just close your eyes and think of england. during times of gyration, the aristocracy crataegus laevigata feel a false good sense of calm in their parlor halls, discussing tumultuous events terminated glass of sherry until the wall undermine in on them. adapted from elliott ' siemens memoir, journal of my life during the french revolution, rohmer ' s latest artistic tour - de - force english hawthorn seem far removed from his domestic comedies (tales of the four seasons, etc. ), a period film mark during the most violent changes in french history. resisting the temptation for terrific - scale theatrics, much of the lady and the duke is astir muted, decisive moments between members of the cultural elite group as they make up one's mind how to go forward as the world implodes. grace elliott make for an unconvincing agonist: a headstrong, snobbish blueblood, single unprepared for the machinations of history that sweep her along. a foreigner who accepts the french king as her own, grace ' s lifetime seems defined by fancy dress and lively political disputation with her former lover, the king ' s hot - blooded cousin, prince philipe, duke of orleans (jean - claude dreyfus ). the time are changing, though, and the gears inch e'er nearer toward violence. during the september massacres of 1792, she is encountered by a advance of rioter brandishing the principal of the duke ' southward sister - in - law on a post. rohmer makes a harsh transition from tranquil, older fashion, almost stagy sitting room scenes to the fop of an angry mob. in doing so, he reach what braveheart and the patriot could not: the face of death. when grace visualise her friend ' s disembody head on a pole, rohmer ' s attention drifts from the social variety to one cleaning lady ' s reaction slam, laden with hot tears. grace finds herself taking in a fugitive from justice from justice, sheltering him from the rabble. through her relationship with the duke, she seeks a recommendation for this unrivalled militant ' s escape. blessing doesn ' t even understand her own actions (and the duke reacts in stunned disbelief at how she places herself in such peril ). she endures persecution from maxmillien marie isidore de robespierre and his gang of thuggish equalizers, constant police monitoring, theatre searches, still a brief imprisonment for harmless international symmetricalness. maintaining her stiff upper backtalk and pampered life (her disdainful attitude to the servants never change ), she becomes a heroine done circumstance. the events themselves be intrusions upon her person, her home, and therefore her economic value. gentry proves a methamphetamine house, one that can barely withstand the sturm und drang of stones. the duke exist called to vote on the king ' s punishment, and despite his hours of unhurriedness with friends and advisor, talk means naught in the face of bloody activity (or futile inactivity ). the episodic structure creates a wobbly, jarring withdrawal from the events of the french revolution, which serve as metaphor simply besides disconnect likely consultation identification. lazy viewers (and critics) whitethorn besides complain that knowledge of french chronicle constitute required for enjoyment of the noblewoman and the duke. that ' s tomfoolery, but bring up the valid criticism that rohmer ' s characters now and again turn didactic. rohmer ' s imperfect merely assured push toward the future remains steadfast and notable for casting a conservative eye upon the past while taking bold steps forward into an uncertain future. what may arouse interest in the lady and the duke exterior of foreign film enthusiasts with literary and historic passions is rohmer ' s use of cutting bound digital technology as a means of exploring the theme of ruse as prophylactic net or coping mechanism. the actors were filmed against a bluescreen, then range against paint backdrops recreating the vastness of eighteenth century city of light. this refreshment calls attending to itself in every shot, a technicolor dream of notional buildings and wide - open street. information technology looks as phoney as titanic, but different james cameron ' s slaughter, the peeress and the duke toy with the notion of false security in those walls of stone. wherefore? they aren ' t tangible. the very foundation rohmer ' s characters support upon is false, and in their groundlessness they mustiness find themselves, in all their unsubstantial glory. screen at the 2001 new york film festival (characteristic coming before long ). 