single surmisal information technology ' s a credit to jackie chan and the general likeability of the dealership that hasten hour ii could non be ruined even by the nauseating " comedy " of chris tucker. i ' chiliad a fan of jackie chan in exactly about any medium, and this movie lets him non only do his impressive - as - ever martial artwork schtick, but show away his comic timing every bit well. information technology would have worked well if helium was the only name above the championship. the plot is your introductory martial arts flip clothesline for stunts and special core. this time around, the malevolent smugglers are lead by ricky tan (john lone ), who makes his luck by shipping counterfeit money into the joined states (i ' mib still not sure how you rear make a fortune doing that: is there a place where one can commute fake bills for real ones? ). the alone way to say the phony money from the genuine article is to set it on fire and see what color information technology burn. of course, it ' s up to hong kong detective lee (chan) and trash - talking lapd detective st. james the apostle carter (tucker) to take the tough bozo out and the authorities, to the extent that they still survive, stay out of their way. rush hour ii turns the tables on the first film in that hither information technology ' s carter who gets the two of them into trouble and lee side who winds upwards having to fix them come out. i guarantee that my military rank would make been at least a half of a level high make anyone other than chris tucker been cast as the foil for jackie chan. helium refuses to shut up. not only did his voice feel similar a jackhammer on my head, but his jokes just aren ' t funny, a pathetic mixed bag of sub - equivalence eddie murphy fasttalking blather and wannabe chris rock blanched - man - black - man jokes that idle words upwards being more offensive than laughable. i realize that in a moving picture like this some of the biggest laughs come from letting the actors advertisement lib beyond what the script dictate, but didn ' t anyone realize how irritating sophie tucker ' s ceaseless ranting and raving exist? if this is all the comedian has to put up and then i don ' t care to see any more of his film. luckily, chan makes for a marvelous unbowed man, and he redeem the fledgling comedy entirely. it ' s not oft that i actor can therefore completely hold open a movie, but there is no other name for what atomic number 2 fare; whenever he ' s on screen, hurry time of day 2 comes to nearly breathtaking, often hilarious, life. a lot of it hinges on the dubious note value of how cunning it is to watch chan render to be a " player, " but who cares? i can cerebrate of few high concepts that are funny. the movie ends with outtake that, as common, show that chan isn ' t perfective, and that information technology does, so, take him a few endeavour to get some of his unbelievable stunt to attend seamless. chris tucker botches some lines as well, and his mistakes cost rummy than anything he suppose in the whole movie. a circumstances of people own pointed out rushed hour 2 isn ' t very different from its forerunner in tone or style. only i liked the original, and iodine like the sequel, though a certain sidekick seem to give execute his best to break information technology. director brett ratner (the kin man) keeps it go at an entertaining pace and manages to go along the laughs coming despite the fairly miserable hit to miss proportion of the trick (i speculation sometimes the shotgun approach works ). it ' s not great jackie chan, merely it ' s jackie chan, and that ' s plenty. up side by side: jay and silent bob strike backwards 