star warfare: episode unity - the phantom threat (1999 ) review by matt pusateri few movie evoke nostalgia, enthusiasm, and warmheartedness like george lucas ' 1977 definitive, star wars. the original blockbuster film and information technology two sequels non only evoked wonder and passion in a generation of filmgoers, just suffer profoundly entrenched itself in american pop culture. arguably, more than americans today commode explicate what " the force " or a " jedi " represent than a budget deficit or a serbian. so twenty two years after the release of the original, and 16 years since the third film, the return of the jedi, how nates any new whizz war film hold the weightiness of uncomparable expectations and anticipation? can a new storyline and a new cast of characters perchance compete with the legends of the inaugural trilogy - luke, han solo, and darth vader - all cultural ikon? against this challenge, the fourth star war flick, episode one: the phantom threat hit the screens net calendar week. and despite some early decisive reviews in the major media, the motion picture show follow neither a flop nor a disappointment. while the phantom menace live certainly not the finest film in the serial, information technology is nevertheless piquant, exciting, and visually breathtaking. it constitute a worthy sequel - er, prequel - to the original star warfare pic. the phantom menace direct stead decades before the scope of original films. as the pic opens, obi - wan kenobi (ewan mcgregor ), the stephen samuel wise old master who introduced luke to the force in the original star wars, be only a young jedi apprentice, still learning from his fellow jedi and instructor, qui - gon jinn (liam neeson ). the republic administration has transport the 2 jedi to settle a deal dispute that has developed into a encirclement of the planet naboo by a shifty barter federation. the jedi promptly encounter themselves not in negotiations, but in the midsection of a planetary encroachment, rushing to protect naboo ' s young tabby amidala (natalie portman ). later, after eventually rescuing amidala and helping her escape naboo, they represent forced to stop at tatooine to reanimate their battle - damage ship before bringing her to the galactic senate to make an appeal for doj. on tatooine, qui - gon discovers a young slave boy, anakin skywalker (jake lloyd ), who non only can help them get the theatrical role they require, only displays uncanny intelligence service, insight, and instincts. qui - gon senses the child is " unusually secure " with the force play and set out to suspect that he crataegus laevigata comprise " the unity " prophesized to " bring balance to the force. " as anyone who has watched the original star war trilogy knows, far from be a galactic saviour, the innocuous - search ix - year - old testament in time become the ruthless darth vader. complicating affair further is a mysterious hooded figure, darth sidious, is behind the business deal encirclement and encroachment of naboo, and sends out a lethal apprentice, darth maul, to receive and capture queen amidala. while amidala and the jedi fight to carry through her planet, they soon also have to deal with the deadly and persistent darth sledgehammer. if the patch sounds a flake complicated, it embody. the phantom menace not only enter an earlier coevals of characters and an immediate crisis, but sets upward the groundwork for the event that will eventually lead to the fall of the republic, the demise of the jedi knights, anakin ' s turn to evil, and the rise of the dark empire of original trilogy. but the complexness is non overwhelming. the tale moves quickly, with the lone drawback being that many questions, predictably, persist unanswered at the end of the film, set the stage for the next episode. one of the reasons the pic ' s story seem hazy is not that it is too puzzling, just too unfocussed. information technology ' s unclear whose story phantom menace is. in the original trilogy, the movies were clearly luke ' s story, with the level centering around his growth from farmboy to rise up grinder to jedi knight. but it ' s undecipherable whether this fresh plastic film is anakin ' s story operating theater obeah - wide area network ' s. if this trilogy be centered on anakin, it ' s a rickety foundation. harold lloyd, comparable many child actors, lacks the insidious acting skill of adult performers, and as a result, his fictitious character seems shallow and unimpressive. on silver screen, we go steady nothing that suggests a disconsolate side lurking underneath his little - boy look, or for that matter, any presence that would make him appear thus particular that qui - gon is willing to believe he be " the one. " the rest of the cast does all right, though they often work with some iffy negotiation by lucas. neeson is perfect as an mature jedi horse. mcgregor is well - cast as obi - wan and conveys a balance of vernal vitality and unagitated aesthesia. portman fits the part of a vernal queen well, but her channel were often very formal, commit her little room to cave in her case much personality. the biggest problem with the phantom threat exist not the plot oregon the character, just the interaction between them. individually, the characters in this novel film are no less highly developed than those in the original star wars, and the plot line is not to a greater extent perplexing than former moving picture in the serial. simply unlike the previous trilogy, lucas doesn ' t do as good of a job meet the character polish off one another. in star war, there were contiguous contrasts and memorable exchanges between saint luke and han, han and obi - wan, and leia and luke. the ensemble played off each other and immediately showed their distinct mental attitude and personalities. in the successiveness in where luke, han, and chewbacca effort to rescue leia from her cell on the death star, the audience learns a lot about all quaternary fictional character in the ways they react to the immediate problems and each other. there exist no comparable sequence in the apparition menace to flesh out the characters and their human relationship with each other. individually, they are interesting lineament with cleared need and interests, but lucas develops little chemistry operating room tension between the them. this is peradventure the most glaring weakness of this pic, and be probably the rationality it has let down many reviewers. but despite the penury for a richer dialog and stronger character fundamental interaction, the cinema is yet very engaging. many of the terrific elements of george lucas ' late film make the phantom menace both memorable and entertaining. for the first time, of course, is the remarkably rich and imaginative macrocosm lucas create. the character inspect magical underwater cities, evade dinosaur - sized ocean monsters, fight battle droids and menacing " destroyers " on venetian - looking planet of naboo, check a spectacular event, part roman - chariot race, part nascar circuit, on the arid desert satellite of tatooine, then head to corsucant, the gothic urban capital of the republic and home to the galactic senate and the jedi council. each location be elaborate and complex. lucas never fall for obscure melodic theme astir the look of his settings, he create robust, spectacular landscapes, palaces, and skylines. most of the young special upshot in his re - released special edition trilogy in 1997 were changes that allowed him to give the earlier picture the looking and feel that just weren ' t possible when the films were made. more than ever, in this new film, lucas ' universe constitute fill with a menagerie of creature, automaton with personality, and a supporting mould of alien who interact with the main characters. the good such grapheme is watto, a greedy tatooine junk dealer who possess anakin and his mother as striver. watto has a testy italian voice and a short, potbellied trunk with funnily mismatched wings that flutter like a hummingbird as atomic number 2 floats around the elbow room. of completely the computer - generated character in the film, watto is the good coiffure and most enjoyable. speaking of computer - generated reference, no revue of the phantom menace be everlasting without bring up the most controversial figure in the film: jar jar binks. with more than 80 minutes of screen time, jar jar is the actualisation of george i lucas ' pipe dream to include a fully reckoner - generated character reference into the cast of the new trilogy. jar jar, a ill chosen amphibian and member of the gungan race, literally bumble his way into the track of the jedi knights early in the film and becomes qui jon ' s inadvertent sidekick. jar jar unremarkably performs a comic - relief function in the film, lighten up scenes with his mishap and unfitness to stay out of trouble. the vivification of jolt jar is well nigh seamless, and atomic number 2 interact with the characters throughout the picture as if he equal actually on the set with the actors. however, despite the technical legerdemain that makes his reference possible, jar jarful isn ' metric ton completely convincing. he still moves and sounds too much like a animated cartoon to blend into a scenery. throughout the movie, jarful jounce ne'er transcend a " roger rabbit " - like presence. you accept that he ' s there, but you never lose peck of the fact that he is an alive character. initially, i found jar jar annoying, simply grew to savor the humour atomic number 2 total to the movie. on my second viewing of the picture, jar jar was a lot of fun and ane didn ' mt mind him at all. a second reason this film continues the ok custom of mavin state of war movies is that the film is instinct with body fluid and small scale details that flesh forbidden the world george lucas creates. despite all the pic ' sulfur struggles between good and evil, and the sedate musings about i ' s destiny and " the force, " like all genius war films, the phantom threat never takes itself too in earnest. fortuitously, lucas hasn ' tetraiodothyronine lost vision of the fact that his movie are entertainment, not high art. from the screw up shock jar, to a one - man, deuce - headed announcer team calling the action at the motion picture ' s thrilling pod - race episode, to a cameo appearance by atomic number 99. t. in the film, the phantom menace is simply a lot of playfulness, with mess of half - hidden put on and humor that can easily be miss. and at last, the phantasm threat works because, as in all his films, there be no shortage of swiftness and action. from beginning to end, there are light - saber battles, whisker - raising chase, and exhilarate duel between good and vicious. the pod - race sequence on tatooine is one and only of the almost entertaining and exciting scenes in any star wars flick, and the last showdown between obi - wan, qui - gon, and darth maul is arguably the better choreographed, most thrilling fight succession lucas has film. the phantom threat won ' t win any major academy award. it probably won ' t beat titanic ' sulfur box business office record. and information technology ' s not still the best star wars film (atomic number 53 ' d put information technology tertiary, after the original and the imperium strikes back ). but it ' s an exciting and entertaining film, far well than your typical summertime blockbuster. the film can ' t hold up upwards to information technology ' s hype - no motion picture, non still the original wizard wars, could have practice that. just information technology ' randomness still worth seeing. .. probably more than once. 