labelling is sometimes everything. in original mad max, the opening title adjust the plot of the motion picture show in near future, thus make it peerless of the science fiction classics, despite the future world being almost on the dot like our ain. walter james jerome hill wanted the same opening deed for his action classic the warriors. producer weren ' t thrill by that mind and therefore the movie lose all of its futuristic overtones. on the other hand, producer were right on the gull; walter pitcher's mound was accused of really promoting some disturbing trends that cost quite seeable in contemporary america. to cause the movie even to a greater extent distant from future, plot was generally free base on anabasis, historical book written by xenophon, hellenic mercenary soldier who have key out his adventures in ancient persia 2400 years ago. instead of ancient persia, movie get in contemporary coney island, where cleon (dorsey s. s. van dine ), leader of the warriors, local youth mob, gets invitation to the swell gathering of all youth gang from the metropolis. the assemblage, direct by gramercy park riffs, near powerful gang in the city, be taking place in bronx. that is far away from warrior ' home territory, simply small and unarmed deputation of the warriors gets there safely thanks to the general truce. on the gathering, cyrus the younger (roger hill ), charismatic leader of the riffs, denote his opulent plan to unite all the gangs and aim over the metropolis. gang is enthusiastic, but the small mob of rogues, led by psychopathic martin luther (david saint patrick kelly) use the opportunity to assassinate cyrus. constabulary simultaneously raid the assemblage, and in the commotion warrior get blamed by the killing, and their drawing card gets kill by riffs. the remaining eight, conduct by cleon ' s lieutenant swann (michael beck ), must now try to get to coney island, merely this clip unprotected by cease fire and instead being chased by all the crew. upon its discharge, despite the disputation and even some younker riots that personify allegedly inspired by information technology, the warriors enjoyed huge popularity and very quickly received some kind of a cult status. however, despite being one of the best movies of that year, and being conduct by gifted action director walter hill at the peak of his career, the picture show failed to leave as solid printing to the future generations as some former cinematic achievements of that like year. the reason for that belike lies in a fact that this movie aged very rapidly. if walter hill ' s approximation was to warn the public about problems of urban usa, he failed miserably. the future be much worse than his vision. the youth gangs, as presented in the warriors, be far from vague armies, able bodied to subscribe over total cities. their appendage seem more than interested in unorthodox fashion and their little petty feuds than such prosaic, and for the public to a greater extent annoying, matters like law breaking. in their vocabulary, word " blazonry " is reserved for minor knives and blunt object, and entirely few of them use heavy artillery like handguns. they even birth their own, very strict and detailed law, upheld more stringently than some authorities do with their ain. many people in american cities would personify more than than happy to take care their young criminals acquit like those in the warriors. some of the critics world health organization accused mound of really praising youth offence have a band arguments in their favour. despite those objection, the warriors have wholly the elements of a rattling good film. the plot is mere, and service as salutary basis for numerous action scenes. the scrap are brightly choreographed and quite an realistic, although there isn ' t much bloodshed or gore in the movie. editing is brilliant, event happen at quick pace, with the elision of centre, when boring moralistic exchanges between swann and his would - be - girlfriend mercifulness (deborah vanguard valkenburgh) drag the plot from straight action to social drama territory. the soundtrack by barry de vorzon is real suggestive and recognizable. yet, the hallmark of this film personify the actors world health organization showed great talent, although most of them subsequently sunk into anonymity. best bonk of them be david st. patrick kelly, whose superb and original public presentation in this film later support him to the office of psychopathic villains. michael beck as cool, virtually statesman - like leader of a gang, is also very good, and james remar gives good contrast as his blistering - shot contender for top smear. all in all, this movie is possibly dated, thus far in information technology time of day and one half privy give a great deal more entertainment than most of the contemporary movies. 