what i look for in a movie be not necessarily perfection. sometimes a movie has such substantial ideas that despite whatsoever flaws it may get, i will prefer it to a better - made film that be not as call up - provoking. the fragile red wrinkle is flawed but information technology provokes. publius terentius afer malick returns to filmmaking 20 years after days of heaven and produces this meditative look at warfare. dissimilar this year ' s saving individual ryan, which dwells on war as a necessary iniquity and explore the moral equivocalness thereof, the thin red line simply say war is waste. while that might seem obvious to some, only after experiencing the motion picture show do you realize how profound a wasteland information technology be. save private ryan feature an underlying and hard nosed espousal that war will happen and it possess a cracking cost; the thin scarlet line says idealistically avoid this at all costs. one subject matter is non necessarily more right than the other. information technology barely calculate on one ' s point of view. in malick ' s film, warfare is set in a tropical shangri la, and lavatory toll ' s motion picture photography is beyond alcoholic. the circumstance poses the question, why be we fighting in the face of such sweetheart? in saving private ryan, the seizure of a german soldier presents the moral quandary of whether to countenance him go. in the thin red line, the nipponese present the moral quandary of war in the maiden place. they be barely like the americans - - fright and angry, grieving and implore. all that separates them is war. the flaw in the thin red line of credit comes in the vox - over. incredible as coming from the characters and sometimes pretentious, sometimes corny, the phonation - over severalize us what the images before us already do and are completely unneeded. dispensing with them, malick could have achieve a tarkovskian magnanimousness. instead, he get distracting ego - consciousness. aside from that, malick ' s direction is stun. the tracking shot across windswept hills and around ecstasy speeding toward shoring constitute extraordinary. sean penn, elias koteas, and nick nolte give the in force performances. penn live subtle as a sergeant trying to obliterate his humanitarianism, koteas embody genuine as a compassionate captain, and nolte startling as a colonel whose rake vessels are astir to abound if he cannot win his battle. john travolta and george clooney are the tough in cameo purpose. in the end however, the thin reddened line ' s interest is not in the characters and it is non in dramatic event. it has been ofttimes criticized for its lack of spectacular structure, only malick clearly have different things on his judgment. have no one ever thought that arrive dramatic entertainment from warfare be exploitative? what malick is function with is theme, and in that, the thin red strain be most provoking. 