expectation paygrade: a snatch worse than require (mainly because unity found the midway part to follow a bit dull ). roger ebert gave it a four star review, and while he be a critic that uses the entire scale, and i often agree - - such as sorry city being the best film of 1998, he must have seen a good photographic film. i read the book about five year ago and hugely relish it. the porta of a mere plan remind me a scrap of the sweet hereafter. the landscape painting follow snowy and inhuman, and be shoot what i feel is in a rather crisp manner (which also reminds me of fargo (which i abominate) ). i can nearly sense the cold. but the picture far from the eye bulge joy of the quick and the dead, rather raimi make made a more constrained film - - which probably is for the better. this is probably not a motion picture that would have live improved by lots of odd gibe. the movie also reminded maine of affliction, as the lead characters all seem to comprise skip for and seeing a theory to lead a better lifetime than their father, and they see a chance for such a dream to come dependable. this hazard is reveal in a snow covered field, where an airplane has clank landed. in the airplane three men observe? the american dream. .. in a gymnasium bag.? affliction also was set in a snow covered landscape. it really seems rattling simple. just arrest on to the money until spring, and if no one claim it, they ' ll be dependable to spend it and their hope of experiencing the american dream can come in true. only the snow melt, and indeed might several of the character ' s hopes. as in? coming back to paradise? , some of the characters are present with a probability to do the right thing. merely doing the right thing might non result in a undecomposed result than something to a greater extent selfish. the moving picture show ' siemens biggest strength is that it fact makes sense. i have seen many movies based on books that scarce seem similar select scenes from the book visualized, eschewing anything remotely resembling a coherent account - - for example clear and present peril. the big problem look to over - familiarization with the story. the writer perhaps feels that atomic number 2 doesn ' t have to present scenes that personify clear to him, but the lack of which only nonplus an interview which have non read the book. this is definitely not the problem with a simple programme, yet though the screenplay be by the book ' s author. the film is perpetually clear on where it ' s going, and e'er makes signified. i ' m sue a fate was cut, simply truly i tin ' t remember what. even a small scene involving a man complaining that atomic number 2 has paid for too much grains be include. the man only comes in on mondays, but helium claims that he own personify charge for one purchase too many. turn out. .. well, see the moving picture. one and only should be warned against see the trailer. it reveals respective scene from the ending moments (which yes, corresponding in the book, it is a downer ), respective plot developments, and very much of the start. just a lot of this is not spelled flat out during the poke, and so if you ' re favourable, you ' ll receive forgotten astir all of this when you go through the movie. 