a welcome cinematic trend terminated the past dyad of year has been to take in the works of shakespeare to a greater extent approachable to the young audiences who are the vast majority of motion picture fan by contemporizing the bard and altering the settings to familiar surroundings. a prime example of this is 1999 ' s decade things ane hate about you, which be basically the taming of the shrewmouse in a high school. less successful be lowest twelvemonth ' s adaptation of hamlet with ethan hawke as the heir apparent of the denmark corp. here the circumstance was the corporate earthly concern of new york. now come o, a close retelling of one of the most tragical of shakspere ' s cataclysm. like x things i hate astir you, the stage is a high schoolhouse - a secret prep schoolhouse where odin james (mekhi phifer) constitute the on - court general, the basketball team ' due south standout player. julia stile, featured in 10 things i hate about you equally well as performing ophelia in hawke ' s hamlet, plays desi brable, odin ' s girl, whose father too happens to be dean of the institution. josh hartnett (pearl harbor) be on paw for the villainy, playing the scheming victor marie hugo, who sets the tragic bike in apparent movement. oxygen was actually take a couple of old age ago, just was shelve because of the columbine high school tragedy. the movie, direct by tim william blake nelson - good have it away for his carbon monoxide gas - starring role in o pal, where art thou? - and written by brad kaaya, is real dispirited. an air of tragedy weighs information technology downward from the opening scene to the mop up credits. and that is how information technology should be. of all of shakespeare ' s tragedies, othello be the near harrowing, not because of any dead body count, simply because of the psychological mayhem wreaked by iago, whose motivation in the sheer joy of his treason. kaaya ' s profane - occupy book - after all, these are high schoolhouse kids - practice offer hugo a pernicious motive of sorts. the untested man considers himself the basketball game squad ' s premier utility man who does a little bit of everything - pas, shoot, bounce - but follow invariably in the apparition of odin. asset his padre, the team ' s coach - played with a ferocious intensity by martin sheen - shower bath more love and headache on his star player than on his own flesh and origin. the hand follows the familiar line of the graeco roman. hugo begins dropping hints to odin come to desi ' s fidelity, eroding the star ' second self confidence in those atomic number 2 study closest to him, affecting both his relationship and his plot. it all ends in blood, of course, which is why the film was originally hold over. the performances in o vary. phifer cost at first cocky and ego - assured, emotions he handle with ease. he also does rather well displaying odin ' s darker position; his justificative sensitivity about be the only black at the institution, his growing mistrust of those atomic number 2 loved, his rage and the erosion of his belief organization. hartnett be suitably coolheaded and machiavellian as he weaves his venomous vane of lies and deceit, turning friend against friend, and lover against lover. stiles seems a moment stilted, but occasionally also rise to the occasion, move from worship to mix up to fear of her immature knight. the film does contain a few trip: a subplot involving victor marie hugo ' s theft of the schooling mascot is go out hang. also desi ' s actions pertain michael (andrew keegan ), odin ' s one time mate and adept ally who was give up off the squad because of one of hugo ' s machinations, is puzzling. why she would continually be seen with michael - however innocent the circumstances - when she knows her man suspect the two of chouse behind his back. it be irrational. simply these are minor carpings. overall, o is a fashionable and faithful adaptation. if aught else, it may boost some people to read the original text, and that will counterbalance the severity of this feature. 