seen april sixteen, 1999 at ten p. metre. at crossgates cinema eighteen (guilderland, n. y. ), theater # 15, by myself for free using my hoyts ' critic ' s pass. [ house evaluation: * * * i / 2: real good seats, sound and film ] do you realize that every time you find a newfangled mortal you ' ve scarce suit portion of a story? everyone sustain their ain life floor, both past and present, and every time deuce or more interact, they suit part of each others ' write up (non necessarily an important or yet significant part, but a part nevertheless ). that seems to be the basic possibility behind ` go, ' where several role ' prospect encounter all burden each other in extreme ways. in order to test this theory screenwriter john aug and director doug liman assemble a cast of characters that wouldn ' thyroxin usually be the types to have an entire film revolve around them, such as a teenage supermarket cashier, a bottom - of - the - drug - food - chain monger and two struggling max opera actors. these types of characters might not vocalise all that original, but consider that they will all be somehow effected by a strip club bouncer and his psychotic father, a mid - level drug dealer, a narcotics agent obsessed with multi - level - marketing, horny wedding guest, a lucy in the sky with diamonds lovemaker, two peewee - scarfers and a cute normal teenage girl to round out things forbidden. how they volition all come together is the unconscious process the film deal with. i ' five hundred imagine the concept to the film start out as the creators ' testing themselves to see if they could actually pull it turned and the outcome is a terrific achievement in filmmaking and the craft of fabrication in worldwide. the film starts ko'd as anything else, with minuscule indication of what ' s to amount. we meet ronna (polley ), a depressed los angeles checkout girl who doesn ' t seem to give much desire to do anything except piece of work just to pay her split. she ' s not very charming, especially to her customer, but this is wreak more often than not for laugh rather than characterization and it works. perhaps this is because she ' s non a very afeminite character, but she ' s far from masculine - a originative character indeed. thing start to progress when ronna reluctantly agrees to take the hours of the goofy, hyperactive, until now likable herb simon (askew ), an english teen into vices for the saki of the experience. this agreement initiate a three - pronged storyline as information technology let simon to go to las vegas for the weekend with his friends and in round drags ronna and her friends into grease one's palms and sell an observational drug. the mental process of which will not alone take ronna close to being arrested but besides to last. nearly the same can constitute said for two other characters, zack (mohr) and adam (savage ), who we don ' t think much of when they first of all appear as supporting reference, but after will become major players to the film ' s makeup - another mental process used by the filmmakers to elaborate on the theory of how significant insignificant interaction mightiness be. once the tempo is picked upward the film very begins to show information technology mettle. when the deed screen ` ronna ' is flashed shortly after the aforesaid turning point scene, it ' s absolved this picture international relations and security network ' tonne conk to employ the standard linear method acting of storytelling. weigh how good it constitute up until that breaker point, it ' s a long overdue modification of pace ask in film today. and so the film get down to take shape, first by following ronna and her friends on a one - night adventure that begins with a drug deal prompt by zack and adam (who were actually appear for simon ), which doesn ' t precisely go as planned, but that ' s what keeps it all so interesting. the second storyline come out at the like moment as ronna ' s story, but this time the tv camera take to take after simon alternatively. simon the zealot and his three friends head to? vegas for a nighttime on the town and in the procedure experience things they ne'er would have opine. the third spark, astir zack and adam, again overlaps with ronna ' s story tell much of the same account merely from a completely dissimilar slant. we ' re shown things we ne'er would let anticipate were going on while following ronna. and many of the events that coif take place to ronna because of zack and adam aren ' t even their fault - they scarcely happened to equal where they were when they were. i ' d really like to dissect each of the three storylines and especially how the motion picture wrap up in the end, but that would take upward too much time and space and spoil everything for those who haven ' t seen the motion picture show. maybe the greatest element to the film be its unceasing surprises and unpredictability, and non due to plot winding surgery a confusing screenplay, exactly through not bad filmmaking. still, i fundament list and canvas nearly everything the film does therefore substantially: ? instruction: trying to pick unitedly such a complex story is no promiscuous task and for a greenhorn filmmaker such as liman, it ' s a groovy accomplishment. helium doesn ' t simply depict a tale, he wrap united states up in it all, pull out u into the fray so that we experience every in high spirits and low. ? screenplay: besides being chisel with particular and creative in general, it ' s clear the hand has been inspired by many sources, with both obvious and elusive references, yet it ne'er screams ` rip - off. ' ? whole tone / mood: where other hollywood films have flunk to fetch the spell of the independent to the mainstream, this i is able to create it own gumption of the macabre. it ' s non overly - dark or twisted and the funniness international relations and security network ' t so satirical for information technology to be consider a bootleg comedy, more like ` macabre light. ' ? cinematography / art management: able to photograph both the acute and the lighthearted in the same mode. ? characterization: for nearly every type introduced, no matter what role they play in the with child painting, we ' re able to get a signified of who they are, what they ' re thinking and how they come to personify in their situations. yet when their action embody surprising, it never seems very out of synch. ? functioning: every actor sail through their role (see above ). ? paper / theory: the film doesn ' t seem to be come to with transmit any kind of political operating theatre societal messages, instead, information technology ' s more of a philosophical experiment. in fact, information technology power not have meant to do that by choice, but there definitely is something experiential to information technology all. .. . and to think that ` go ' be barely a big comedy and risky venture! ( 4 / 23 / ic) [see likewise: ` the full grown lebowski, ' ` clerks, ' ` jackie brownness, ' ` pulp fable, ' ` honest romanticism; ' too by liman: ` swingers ' ] 