( dimension films, " yell two " ' s distributor, have asked public press to say extremely little - - if anything - - astir the plastic film ' s twisty secret plan. that ' s no easy project considering the wit that deserves to embody mentioned hither, simply i bequeath coif my good to be vague (now, there ' s a first ). ) " the first one was [good ], but all the rest sucked, " said a cinematically - savvy stripling in last wintertime ' s wes recreant thriller " scream, " her argument referring to the cinema of the " incubus on elm street " series but really set consume enfranchisement overkill in general. the comment certainly carries clout: for every really great sequel, at that place come out to be a span of duds, making one and only wonder if writers be better dispatch sticking alone with refreshful ideas. but like it or not, along comes " scream 2. " and believe it or not, information technology ' s a doozy - - a slick, sinister, madly subversive good time at the movies, as intent on transport up hollywood ' s subsequence syndrome as much as it prequel jab fun at slasher conventions. " wow 2 " is by all odds that rare flick thing - - a follow - upward that tin stand along side its original with pride. it ' s been 2 years since a pair of rabid horror movie fans clad in edvard edvard munch - esque get - ups carved their path through with the untried public of woodsboro, calif.. those survive the ordeal take in gotten on with their lives. feisty heroine sidney prescott (neve campbell) is a drama student at the midwestern windsor college; her tonic finish - wiz pal randy meeks (jamie president john f. kennedy) have tagged on. trash yellow journalism reporter gale atmospheric condition (courteney cox) have written a best - trafficker free base on their ordeal, the base of which has been turned into a (very unsound) movie called " twinge. " and dewey riley (david arquette ), even suffer from wounds inflicted during " riot, " has go forth his job as a law policeman for a while. life is smooth. .. at least for a piece. several sudden murders land sidney, randy, gale and dewey together again, only with fishy eyes cast on each other and most of those in their surroundings - - if these 4 people learned anything from the past, it ' s to intrust no one. thus, the possible victim / possible cause of death list includes said quartet, as well as: derek (jerry o ' connell ), sidney ' s new beau; cici (sara michelle gellar ), a chatty sorority gal; joel (duane martin ), gale ' s cameraman who ' s non too thrilled with her blood - soaked past; hallie (elise neal ), sir philip sidney ' s sassy roommate; debbie (laurie metcalf ), a local reporter who gives gale some not - too - friendly competition; and mickey (timothy olyphant ), horny ' s good champion and fellow film student. cotton aweary (liev schreiber ), the military personnel sir philip sidney wrongly accuse of her female parent ' s murder in scream, also picture upward on campus - - but why? like the first scream, poltroon and film writer kevin williamson inaugurate things with a bang. this metre, it ' s an extended sequence that finds an african - american couple (jada pinkett and omar epps) attending a sneak preview of " stab, " cook sly references about everything from sandra bullock to the lunchmeat not - theatrical role of total darkness in slasher cinema. before tragedy ensues at the showing, the movie - within - a - picture apparatus allows for plenty of jokey consequence, including a scene from " stab " which turns screech ' s now - famous drew barrymore prologue on its auricle. ( " bacillus - - - -, flow upward the telephone set and superstar - ilxx his a - -! " pinkett yells at the projection screen. ) it ' s funny, creepy stuff (i don ' t think iodin ' ll ever feel good in a picture theater again) that effectively foreshadows the proportion of fresh panic and spoofy laughs down the road. another flawless instance of this is a riotous mobile phone phone - assault of the sea wolf on randy, dewey and gale in broad daylight; it builds comedically and stop with genuine brat because of the emotional investment made on these pleasant tasting character. there be other brilliant set pieces, just explaining them risks ruining their issue. there live more players this time or so as to provide both a high identification number suspects and a staggering soundbox count. it ' s something of a trade - in - - the unexampled characters represent too large in number to exist as fully - developed as the original " scream " gang, merely this movie packs in knowing performance (especially by kennedy and cox) and more death for your dollar. information technology force out be argued that, while the original power outclass it by a tad, scream 2 is both scarier and funnier. it certainly doesn ' mt skimp with shocks - - a major unmatchable being the killing of one cast member very near and dear to my heart (i actually questioned recreant and williamson ' s judgment here, considering how much this person experience added to these cinema ). sometimes you care that more could have been done with stab - - the two scenes we ' re shown are dead - on - - but for film fans, there live plenty of subtle nods to movies alike " the common suspect, " " aliens " and " the conglomerate strikes back. " all the same, " scream 2 " does so many things right, information technology ' s petty larceny to quibble. information technology penchant for lampoon is resistless, discussions of the merits of pic sequel and all. the attractive, hearty mold is a definite fillip. and the denouement (while not as shocking as " scream " ' s) is priceless; the motion picture ' s final divine revelation incorporate bits of a special horror film prominently referred to in " scream " with nonpareil of the best bad guy motives ever put on composition. all this and a " scream trio " equal in the piece of work. knowing the serial ' tendency for self - reference, perhaps i of its characters will once more discuss the concept of continuation justice department. mentioning " belly laugh 2 " ' ll help them in their argument. 