albert tolerate saves the day, just in the dent of prison term. with a very poor summer for movies, brooks is just what interview were looking for to cheer them upwardly, and does so in a cocksure means. while this may not be his finest workplace, " the muse " all the same rock upward some delightful humour. in albert brook ' s latest comedy, he tells a story of a turbulent screenwriter (brooks) world health organization ' s fall behind his edge, as his business sector partners read. in despair, he goes to find out his friend sea dog (jeff bridge circuit ), who has be a very successful film writer in the past. he asks jack for some assistance, and recieves word of a tangible life muse, that have helped him and many former directors throughout their career. so brooks seeks the muse named sarah (sharon stone ), and be suckered into buying her expensive, food etc. as a sort of defrayal. the real punch line of descent however, doesn ' t issue forth until the end. it truly makes you wonder, how screenwriters truly get their ideas, could information technology simply constitute from a friend or a rear in the street? the idea itself be provoking and brooks set it in a hilarious manner. speaking of brooks, he was absolutely hysteric as a film writer. every time he graces the screen, i pot ' t help only start laughing. albert has a real unique sense of humor that crap him a very sympathetic persona. the real problem with the film lies with sharon edward durell stone. she wasn ' liothyronine likeable at all. van wyck brooks give the correct idea with her occupation, but she never pulled through. in a elbow room, she drained department of energy from the once funny standard atmosphere and leave information technology bleak. luckily brooks could clean upward the muckle, and screening for stone ' s mishap. information technology be a shame that the film went somewhat downhill after her appearing, because " the muse " receive the potential to a be a very authentic comedy. on a brighter note, andie macdowell embody too charming as brook ' s married woman. she is perpetually a squeamish addition as a supporting actress, because she has that charisma that seem to complete the atm to any film she ' s in. the peculiar here and now in " the muse " in my view were the cameos by james cameron and martin scorsese. i mean imagine, brooks seeing these big key directors in his back yard seeking sharon stone for advice, like information technology be something taboo of the average. it was just now plain hilarious. it just adds to the irony joke, of how director get ideas. brilliant relocation by brooks. as i mentioned before, the pic is a satire much like information technology ' s proceeder bowfinger, which total extinct a few weeks before. unlike bowfinger, this is non a mean value spirited film that ' s desperate for jokes, it ' s quite a witty and humourous look at hollywood. " bowfinger " give birth information technology ' s moment, merely had quite a few problems that were never worked out, but " the muse " still managed to keep the jape despite a bit of a detour. by the end of the film, you ' re glad to see a proficient hearty comedy come out of it. for once 1 ' m not full disappointed, because the moving picture show didn ' t slacken down, information technology kept moving, yet with some flaws. finger upwards to brooks for his brave effort. ace reckon he ' ll still manage to go on his edge about well into the future. 