the relaxed dude tantalize a roller coaster the big lebowski a cinema review by michael redman copyright 1998 by michael redman the most surreal situations cost ordinary casual life as consider by an foreigner. when those perceiver be joel and ethan coen, the dreamlike becomes bizarre. when the biography is that of jeff " the dude " leboswki, the bizarre falls over the border into the world of " what ' sgoingonaroundhere ". the marvelous audio of " the unknown " (sam elliot) ' s vocalisation - over introduces the motion picture show. at least it does until atomic number 2 forgets what helium was going to tell and gives up. the dude (jeff harry bridges) is report as the " lazy man in los angeles, mayhap the world ", although atomic number 2 ' s non then much slothful as he is unwind. spending the lowest thirty yr with a rophy clip in one hand and a white russian in the former, helium doesn ' triiodothyronine have much of a spirit, but helium ' s having a good time. when asked what helium does for fun, he responds " bowl, effort around and the occasional acid flashback ". lebowski ' s rage live bowling. when helium ' s not rolling the nut downward an alley towards a strike, thing just happen to him. arrive dwelling house one nox, he ' s beaten by thugs attempting to pick up money that his wife owe them. even bad, they urinate on his carpeting. the job is that the dude doesn ' t have a married woman. his assailants realize that their fair game is a different lebowski when they glance around at his flat. the " big " lebowski (david huddleston) is a multi - millionaire and his dudeness life in deuce - room squalor. the next day, our ragtag hero chaffer his namesake ' s mansion attempt compensation for his besotted rug. the carpeting embody important to him because it draw the way together: not surprisingly since information technology ' s virtually the sole physical object there. when he ' s denied any money, helium picks up a replacement carpeting cancelled the storey. on his way tabu, atomic number 2 runs into lebowski ' s trophy sister married woman bunny (tara reid) who offers to perform a sexual act that, according to rumor, be one of bill clinton ' mho favorites for a thousand bucks. the penniless gallant crack that he ' s heading for the cash simple machine. later atomic number 2 gets an unexpected headphone call enlisting his aid in be the bag man to deliver a ransom to bunny ' s kidnaper. this commence the trademarked coen brothers crimes - gone - wrong sequence. the kidnappers be impossibly inept. the dude and his cronies are yet spoilt. every plan goes askew. you can almost see lebowski ' sec brainpower churning in ho hum motion as he try to figure taboo the clues. that ' s the story, but to say the trueness it doesn ' t much affair. in that location could be near any plot and the film would be just as flirt with. the narrative solely exists so we can watch the offbeat character reference and the quirky predicaments they fall into. the dude ' entropy bowling buddies walter (john goodman) and donny (steve buscemi) look similar people you ' d see on the street but, alike everything else in this picture show, they ' re not quite what they seem. walter be a vet as stuck in vietnam as the dude is in the sixties. everything that happens reminds him of a office in the nam. when a fellow derby crosses the foul blood but win ' t admit it, walter rend a gun on him until atomic number 2 marks a zero point on the score sail. donny gets cherished few word in between bruno walter ' s screaming and the dude ' s rambling. when he does, walter shouts him down with horrendous albeit seemingly unintentional bowling wordplay. donny is " out of his conference " and doesn ' t " take a human body of reference ". the photographic film is peppered with people for whom the condition " character " would be an understatement. the big lebowski ' s girl maude, an avant - garde " vaginal " creative person, paints while swinging naked in a leather apparatus like an s & molarity mary st. martin. the kidnappers are german techno nihilist rockers. bunny lebowski be a high pitched school cheerleader turned porno star. almost impressive be john turturro in his far too small role as a latino bowler. as the gypsy dancing medicine swells, we see him putting on his lavender hose. the photographic camera pans up to an all - purple skin - close bowling outfit with " christ " (pronounce with a " joule ", non an " total heat ") embroidered on the pocket. he addresses the lane with vivid seriousness and one paint fingernail. his tongue slowly snakes out and lovingly cream the radiance bowling ball. bridges bring the dude as if he had been be him for decades and possibly he has. i can ' t think of anyone else world health organization could experience do a better job. buscemi have a limited role, but he plays it utterly. the more than that iodine insure john goodman the more convinced i live that he ' s one of the treasures of our time. information technology ' s odd to think that most of the reality knows him only as roseanne barr ' s telly husband. to a greater extent like the coen ' mho " raising arizona " than their hit " fargo ", " the big lebowski " demands an unresolved mind and yet to a greater extent undecided eyes. a grade of the coen brothers follow that even with all wonderful dreaming sequence and the broad slapstick physical drollery on the screen, often of the humor is subtle and easy to miss. at that place ' s so much going on that frequently it evaporate before you fanny see it. walking ko'd of the theater, i feel that the film had something important to say. on further interrogation, one wasn ' t sure on the dot what information technology was. " if you meet jesus at the bowling bowling alley, information technology ' s non going to be what you bear "? " when the going gets weird, the wyrd decease bowl "? maybe at that place ' s no literal message. peradventure it ' s but a roller coaster rally through a hilarious world. maybe that ' s plenty. ( michael redman has written this column for twenty three years and just realized that he be so taken with the dude that he ran out of space to talk about " the humankind in the iron mask " starring that darling of 14 - year - old female child of all age. redman @ bvoice. com is the eaddress for estuff. ) 