you put on ' t want to personify similar mike. mike has been doing bad. embarrassingly big. he divulge up a captain hicks - year relationship six months ago to move from n. y. to l. a. and atomic number 2 ' sulphur all the same not over her. as a result, his jokes fall flat when he tries to ingrain, and helium ' s a comedian. well, an unemployed comedian, one of hollywood ' s little fish, and it cause gotten hence tough he ' siemens ask for an application at starbuck ' s. really, the starbuck ' s matter gets even worse. and worse. you won ' t give out to wish mike, nonetheless, played endearingly by jon favreau. swinger revolves around mike ' s one half - hearted and unenviable efforts to arrest backward in the social lilt of things. to this end atomic number 2 is enthusiastically assisted by his equally underachieving twentysomething actor friends, such as trent (vince vaughn with the pic ' s most animated performance ), who has the gift of gab bordering on the disturbing side of motivational speaking, gun - tug sue (patrick van horn ), and rob (ron livingston ), world health organization once played hamlet but now longs to work as goofy in disneyland, but doesn ' t succeed because of his lack of " theme common experience. " together they tattle astir char - how to make eye contact, which regard keep off it, and when to call thence as never to come out dire, two days be " industry standard. " after verbalise the talk of the town, they take the air the walk, prance like the cool swinger they aspire to personify, always to laughable effect. to get mike out of his blue funk, his friends persistently convince him to bring forth outside, whether it live to a quickie night trip to a seedy vegas gambling casino or a cutthroat hollywood party with the beautiful hoi polloi operating theatre a 50s swing lounge. everywhere they further mike to look for a replacement " honey " and then maintain vigil over his progress, or want of it. like balmy scatter parents, mike ne'er leaves their company without being the recipient of their confidence cheerleading (" you ' re money, mike, and the honeys know it. ") or equipped with their bizarre dating philosophies, such as an analogy of flirting with the bear and the bunny. with the stiff support of friend alike these, peradventure mike ' s not doing too badly after all. favreau as well repeat as the cinema ' s screenwriter, and he proves he have the gift for creating engaging reference and witty banter that goes beyond today ' s bon mot. there is a reassuring honesty to the friendly relationship, still when it hits its blue point and the friends commiserate. when microphone gets the gumption to look for love, you will join his cheerlead discussion section as substantially. swingers be light, unassuming fare, sweet confect you leave want to wear out your catgut with - laughing - again and again. 