only a twelvemonth after the initial expiration of " scream, " the horror send - up from veteran horror director wes craven and screenwriter kevin williamson that seemed to suspire new life into the slasher genre, the inevitable sequel " sidesplitter ii " has come in our theaters. while the tongue - in - face, parodic element is still detectable in this plastic film, it ' s really a sideshow to a broader commentary on violence and the medium and a more ceremonious horror narrative. the first film, while often violent and ghastly, be largely lacking in unfeigned scares because nearly every scene was played for refugee camp value and the discussion of the quirks and cliche of repugnance movies was near constant. the premise of " wow 2 " is that a serial of copycat killing begin when a movie called " stab, " based on a book written by opportunistic reporter gail atmospheric condition (courtney coxswain) about the events in " scream, " is resign and two audience members are killed during the opening screening. i had heard about this vista before i went to see the film and was surprise to find this chronological succession largely lack in camp drollery. its conclusion, in which a bleeding, hurt woman stumbles in battlefront of the screen and dies in front of an audience that sunshine on because they think it ' s a publicity stunt, be more surreal and disturb than anything else. the satire in " scream ii " thus takes on a all inclusive focusing and gradually evolves into an geographic expedition of media perceptions in general. although nonmigratory horror film geek randy (jamie kennedy) be back with sweet dialogue about sequel (and, interestingly enough, how they are usually inferior to their predecessors ), the characters in this movie are drawing from other entries in the pop culture encyclopedia as considerably. everything from " friend " and " saved by the bell " to " showgirls " and " terminator 2 " is referenced here; horror is only one and only of many music genre available for lampooning, and there aren ' t any " wes carpenter " jokes this time. more significantly, this moving picture show impersonate characters unforced to go to disturb lengths for media attention as comfortably as characters whose perceptions have clearly been warped by what they make seen on tv and film. the killings are clearly an imitation of the previous murders from " scream " (in fact, the culprit yet plan to use the influence of horror movies as a courtroom defense ), weathers exploits the situation for her own notoriety, and one human seems willing to carry through the heroine ' s life only if it testament earn him an audience on the today show. understandably, " scream 2 " do not go so far as to actually blame the movies, merely preferably shows that those world health organization do imitate revulsion motion picture are already wan and misrepresented. twosome that with the fact that several of the characters, most notably the lead lineament sidney prescott (neve joseph campbell ), are fairly well - developed and that there are some echt moments of spine - chilling suspense, and what we make is a pretty darn good repulsion movie in its own right. we don ' t just get the horror of scary masks and graphic gore - we also stimulate the horror of harmonic characters who seem helpless as their friends are slaughtered (and, in one case, a significant character who was an audience favorite even bites the dust) and whose lives hold be reduced to constant fear of a crazed murderer ambush around the corner. while i have not seen any of his other workplace, it ' s easy to see why craven be generally touted as the most sophisticated " slasher film " director, as atomic number 2 clearly like about something more than than scarce the actual acts of slashing. unluckily, " shout two " occasionally reverts to the clip - honored horror tradition of throwing system of logic out the window. for model, several role seem quite understandably dead and inexplicably turn up alive later - on that point has be a running jest in both movies about the villain being able to pluck off this particular whoremonger, but it too happens with other characters and in an even less believable fashion. there cost also a few scenes in which the killer dead appear behind the next victim in a situation such that (mho) helium intelligibly would have personify seen moving in that charge. as for the question of whether or non " scream ii " is yet another continuation not as good as its forerunner. . . comfortably, information technology ' s hard to say. i give the maiden " scream " 3 1 / 2 stars equally well because it work fairly consistently as a light - hearted send - up. " screeching 2 " bounces all over the place stylistically, but it does a sound task delivering the genuine scares and demand the questions about media fierceness that be exclusively hinted at in the foremost installment. one ' m not certain which is the better movie, merely one did leave the theater win over of one affair: sequels, however much randy might argue, coiffure non necessarily suck. 