" you leave little notes on my pillow. i order you a million times 1 can ' t stand little notes on my pillow. ' we are all prohibited of corn snowflake - f. u. ' it took me ternary hours to reckon come out of the closet that ' farad. u. ' was felix unger. " - - - a disappointed academy award james madison (walter matthau) running blue a listing of his complaint against his roommate felix unger (jack jack lemmon ), in the odd couple. the classic neil simon comedy (ground on his ain leg play) about suicidal felix (lemmon ), world health organization is persuaded by his fire hook friend oscar (matthau) to stick around with him in his apartment after felix ' s wife throws him out and files for divorcement. the claw: oscar is mussy and care his apartment that way, while felix be an obsessive / compulsive neat addict. the 2 isle of man, despite their friendship, instantly clangoring. movies exactly aren ' thyroxine as delightfully funny as this unrivaled is. every line of neil simon ' s dialogue flows like comedic verse, and entirely the actors are just perfect in their performance. john uhler is at his best as the anxiety ridden felix, just it ' s matthau world health organization shines bright as academy award, whose world be being invaded and rearranged, mostly against his wishes (the type of character i always enjoy identifying with ). and who can forget that catchy score by neal hefti? the effective affair about the film (and this be a will to the quality of the committal to writing) is that information technology ' s a comedy with substance. these 2 men, even while at each other ' s throats, authentically forethought for one another as friend. when they clash, it isn ' t cartoonish hatred being displayed, only real frustration with the fact that they embody such good friends just just cannot manage to co - exist. movies nowadays, take cross former men for example, just now don ' thymine have that extra spark at that place. these day it ' s just animosity for the sake of comedy. a television series followed (starring jack klugman and tony randall ), which i ' ll admit single ' ve ne'er seen an sequence of in its totality, and neil simon even scripted the sequel, the singular couplet ii, which was released in 1998. neither of them liken to this comic masterpiece though. it ' s one of the good drollery of all time and well earns its stain in my top decade favorite picture show. 