plot of land: a curious french girl grow up lonely with her father and doesn ' t rather know what she wants out of life. one clarence day, she falls upon something, and believes that her ticket to happiness may be in helping others. she set about with the mass around her, only when she suddenly falls for her own guy, she can ' t act strongly enough because of her shy and dreamy nature. critique: a clever, quirky, original gallic motion picture set in a picturesque paris, boast an endearing lead with a giant imagination, much loneliness and a footling spot of love for everyone. this be a " feel - well " sort of movie, a fairy tale for big - ups world health organization are bummed out about life. it doesn ' t pretend to be deep, it doesn ' t weigh itself down with long exposition or intricate study of its characters, it ' s essentially barely a " cute movie " in the same vein as chocolat and pay it forward, with some amazing visuals and incredibly gracious intentions (and if chocolat was in some manner able to nab an oscar nominating speech for best picture last year (a sham on so many different levels ), you might as well slap this film up for consideration also, since information technology ' s quite a bit better and much more original than the former ). one matter that this film isn ' t though, at least agree to me, is the best pic of the year (it was impart the honor of " serious " in at least 3 different film festivals so far this yr ). it really managed to laze a little bit about halfway through and it just went on for way too long (it ' s a little over two hours only it feel even longer ), with much of the second half of the movie devoted to many unlike characters, all of whom weren ' t equally interesting as the lead, and a batch of indecisiveness from multiple sclerosis. amelie herself, which got frustrating. thankfully, this film doesn ' t bog down itself down in the mouth with too much of that stuff and nonsense, and actually goes out of its way to invent modern ways to shoot scenes, to integrate moments of fantasy into its fabric and to transport the hearing inside the imagination of this kind - hearted french girl. on the whole, it ' s a lot of fun and information technology carries a beautiful content of lovemaking and support for your fellow man. the leash, audrey tautou, is complete for the purpose, and pay you enough moments of accuracy to grow her character into someone that you give care about by the end of the moving picture show. unfortunately, the rest of the cast isn ' t as well - developed, and even though most of them are pretty appealing, a couple could ' ve been leave out to save time and at least one was left stranded plot - stephen samuel wise, by the photographic film ' s remainder (what happened to the guy in the caf? who exist spying on his ex - girlfriend the whole movie? ). now i haven ' t seen too many recent gallic films, i will admit, but if this is the kind of " scene " that they ' re developing over in " lupus erythematosus pays du vin ", one wouldn ' t mind catching more of their flicks in the future (crimson rivers was another french film that iodin saw before this year, which i actually liked - ironically, that film was directed by mathieu kassovitz, who is the co - star in this film ). granted, the english subtitles got a little tough to keep up with at times (i speak and understand french also, but some of the local colloquialisms went over my head ), especially since the film ' s visuals were so intriguing that you merely couldn ' t help but constantly gawp at them, but the general idea, the background music, the peachy french neighborhoods, the very creative way of enveloping the audience into the story - line from the start, were all very easy to appreciate, and i for one was especially beaming to have seen this movie during these trying times in the reality. in fact, one ' d commend it to anyone looking for a jolly ol ' clock time at the film house, with a particular emphasis on folks with a slew of imagination, a little loneliness in their lifespan and many dreams in their hearts. and this guy directed alien: resurrection of christ? beat outta here!! note: i especially loved the way that the book detailed and showed the sexual love / hate of everyone with exact reference in the film. information technology be very original, really well shot and really nostalgic, as many of us were able to tie in to the behaviour described. unspoiled stuff! where ' s joblo come from? chocolat (6 / 10) - crimson rivers (viii / 10) - ghost world (niner / 10) - similar water for chocolate (8 / ten) - o brother, where art thou (7 / 10) - pay information technology forrader (5 / 10) - rushmore (9 / ten) - woman on top (7 / 10 ) 