( admonish to those who have not seen seven: this reappraisal control some raider selective information. ) vii is a hefty, in full - realized film on the level of the silence of the lambs. it embody a disturbing film that fulfil its bountiful of goals - - it occupy the watcher mind long after the closing credits have cast. while this picture show is not for the squeamish, there is no denying that seven spot demands attention, for it is a celluloid that transcends its musical genre in both style and substance. for dispatcher, relegate septenary as a " thriller " would not be an altogether ended sorting of this film. while atomic number 53 equal genuinely thrilled throughout, i would sooner anticipate seven an " intense drama, " because that is what it delivers - - meaningful tantrum with a relentlessness that does non readily let up. part of director jacques louis david finchers accomplishment is in style. atomic number 2 seems to get a knack for get it on on the button how the average person fear something as " simple " as a corpse. and visually, fincher shows usa the clay of slaying dupe in all - too - realistic and graphic terms (good manners of rob bottin ' s always - grisly particular burden ). throw in the appropriate simply non - to - make up - underestimated consequence of lighting and a foreboding grudge and the result is a technical masterpiece of the murder view. these scene alone are quite telling; as fascinating as they follow harrow. yet, seven be more than just a technological accomplishment. in addition to style, fincher supplies substance. seven has compelling fictional character that it desire us to cognise and understand, and fincher ties them all together in a whole pessimistic view of company. detective william somerset (morgan freewoman) is a man world health organization has intimately given improving on the world. its easy to encounter why. the world doesn ' thymine pee sense. ( somerset drives this breaker point home with a rather ghastly story of a looting victim world health organization embody set on just blocks from the police precinct. after pick apart downward and gazump of his wallet, the attacker stabbed the helpless man in both eyes. ) why should somerset believe that by following this murder investigation and " picking astir the slice " atomic number 2 volition be able bodied to catch the killer? somerset young partner, david mills (brad pitt the elder) has not given up on the world, perhaps because helium is still new (and perhaps by having this optimism atomic number 2 ' s unenlightened in this films portrayal of the world ). he wholly disagrees with somersets abandonment of hope. however, david ' s wife (gwyneth paltrow) has so much fear of her urban surroundings, she isn ' t even sure if she wants to * tell * her husband astir her late pregnancy, permit solo carry it until nascence and attempt to raise it in this environs. these triplet characters be all execute with skill and authenticity that makes them feel like real multitude and not the typical hollywood characters a less film might feature offer. and in gain to making open how each of these characters watch the world, fincher gives us keep for * why * they feel the way they do. only if there ' s one theatrical role that underline the message seven is try out to transmit, it experience to be the killer, toilet doe (kevin spacey ). seven ' s payoff lie down in information technology power to appropriate us to see how the killer views the world and what drives him to exercise what helium does. one important thing to think of about doe is how easy information technology comprise to simply dismiss him as a " psychotic, " with no motives behind his slayings. this be exactly the mistake mills cause. in the extremely intense and superbly performed closing scene, were allowed to go out that doe is, in his intellect, merely a product of bon ton. he ' s a sea wolf world health organization toss off those who are bringing society downward. in his mind he didn ' liothyronine kill " barren " people, and, perhaps, they be not completely innocent (just, then over again, world health organization follow? ). helium absolutely infuriated that mills believes that the murder dupe be innocent. really, septet doesn ' metric ton merely comment on the trivial obviousness of how screwed - up john doe is. seven makes expectant statement about how screwed - upward society is, hinting that social club ' s degradation personify simply conducive of creating more whoremonger does. besides the stylistic and prominent - yield arguments for seeing this film, i advocate seven because information technology is, after all, likewise a rattling tricksy and well - stool thriller. information technology features turn on game developments, commanding performances, lots of suspense, and a conclusion that is cool, pore, and quite unfair. but then once more, its a cruel macrocosm. 