every once in a patch, when an prodigious family movie comes along, i will seek to defend information technology by challenging parents to put their money where their mouths accept been; with all the hubbub over the lack of films suitable for children, it is remarkable how many non - disney films disappear in a couple of weeks. forthwith i see that in so doing, unity have below the belt ghettoise these films. so i be issuing my challenge not just to parents, but to anyone world health organization want to support smart, funny, energetic film - fashioning: image matilda. see it in a theater, instead than shrug and wait for it on video. see the honest picture show iodine have seen in 1996. non the in force tyke ' s film. .. the just film. full point. ground on a story by roald dahl, it tells of new matilda wormwood (mara wilson ), an inordinately bright girl whose great bad luck it is to have a pair of deeply stupid parents: harry (danny devito ), a crooked used auto salesman; and zinnia (rhea perlman ), a simple - beware bingo addict. the wormwoods just notice matilda exists, and when they do, it is only to remonstrate her for spending likewise much time scan books. when they finally do send her to school, it is to crunchem hall, a black place draw by cruel, child - hating miss agatha trunchbull (pam ferris ). just things begin to look up for matilda when she discovers a sympathetic teacher, miss love (embeth davidtz ), world health organization nurtures her raw inquisitiveness. matilda also distinguish another particular talent - - the ability to move things with her mind - - which allows her to help herself and miss dear to overtake miss trunchbull ' s cruelty. it was this spring ' s james and the gargantuan peach which inspired me to note that the in effect and most lasting story for children lean to have more than a hint of darkness to them, and you can bet that the roald dahl responsible for the gleeful ghoulishness of james and willy wonka and the chocolate manufactory has more of the same in memory with matilda. and precisely as james benefit from the dingy sensibilities of henry selick and tim sir richard burton, matilda soar on the cock - eyed direction of danny devito. devito make water black market sense of humour a key element in throw mamma from the train and the warfare of the roses, and he contributes some memorable images. in one scene, an inauspicious young woman is made an model of by miss trunchbull when she is picked up by her pig - tail and flung through the air like a throwing hammering; later, an overweight boy embody forced to eat an entire massive cake after he be caught stealing a dessert. matilda be scarce twisted decent to be a perfect fairy tale. information technology is also characteristic of the best children ' s tales that they manage to teach lesson in such a elbow room that children about wear ' t realize that they are learning them. there is a hilarious moment when matilda ' s television - addicted father snatches away the book she is read (in a loathsome joke, helium thinks _moby dick_ is adult) and forces her to watch an inane game show (hosted by jon lovitz) in which contestants are blur with adhesive and placed in a booth filled with hard cash blowing around. matilda is a story which promotes the time value of intellectual curiosity over passive entertainment, and it does so while poke holes in that most thwarting of notion for a child - - that because " unity ' m big and you ' re little, i ' m rightfield and you ' re wrong. " more specifically, it have as its heroine an intelligent, ego - confident girl world health organization fight successfully against former people ' s notions of how she should behave. information technology is no conjunction that matilda be co - written by robin swicord, who contributed the superb recent adaption of petty women. at last, matilda has that calibre i find rarest and most treasured in family entertainment: it is family entertainment in the true good sense of the word. devito know enough to make matilda degraded - paced and appealing to children, get hold of a deliciously nasty performance by pam ferris as miss trunchbull and making it the focal head of some priceless physical comedy, include a great pursuit through her dark house. the child actors are win but never obnoxiously adorable, with mara woodrow wilson make matilda a clever and highly likeable character. but there are also many, many delights for adults, including my favorite scene in which matilda uses her great power to frighten miss trunchbull by having chalk write on a chalkboard by itself while matilda ' s schoolfellow recite in sing - song fashion; there is also a deadpan cameo by paul reuben as an fbi agent adventure out matilda ' s father. i can ' t imagine anyone of any age leaving matilda impression as though his or her intelligence had comprise insulted. matilda is a film which left me glowing with near feeling. iodin testament see information technology again, and year from now i volition watch it with my children. and straight off i will halt, because somewhere near you matilda is about to begin, and there be a seat in that theater you should be in, if you have a child or ever so were a baby. 