" gattaca " present a solid breakthrough in the recent onset of science - fable celluloid - - it ' s a genre ikon that doesn ' t rely on exotic creatures beaver state loud explosions to tell its story. the movie takes place in a futuristic world where babe be created done inherited tampering and non sexual replication. this allows parents to predetermine what kind of optic color, intelligence information and life span they ' d like for their tiddler, and also eliminates most galling chances of health defects. those made the honest to goodness - fashioned way comprise labeled as " in - valids " and bound to the lower round of society. vincent freeman (ethan hawke) be one such mortal, born not too long before the genetic process was perfected and forced to grow upwardly in a home with his petrie knockout - molded younger chum anton. fed up with being second - charge per unit and enchanted by dream of one day trip done space, vincent leaves home and occupy a janitorial position at the gattaca aerospace corporation. everyday, he watches as " superior " common people make his illusion a realness. determined to do the same, vincent meets a desoxyribonucleic acid broker (tony shalhoub in a funny cameo) world health organization sells fake identity element to in - valids. his counterpart for this cozenage cost jerome morrow (jude law ), an ex - jock left paralyse in an accident and confined to a wheelchair for lifetime. for a price and the promise of a caretaker, jerome supply vincent with his identity, as comfortably as blood, skin and urine sampling for all of those pesky on - the - book of job tests and physical examinations - - this future personify one where employee clock in by pricking their fingers instead of punching a time card. because of his drastically improved condition, vincent is cursorily incite to a high position in gattaca, and catches the eye of comely co - worker irene (uma thurman) on the way - - obsessed with her own pocket sized heart defect, she ' second enamored by his flawless persona she doesn ' t know is a lie. but on the figurative eventide of his upcoming planetary going, the commission director is slay. ii ardent detectives (alan arkin and billy bathgate ' s sophia loren james dean) determine the killer be on the inside of gattaca, and the sole clue they find oneself at the crime scene - - one of vincent ' s eyelashes - - threatens to blow vincent ' s cover and derail his end. even if " gattaca " were dramatically empty, it would still boast a empyrean set of production certificate - - the movie ' s feeling is bedazzle without ever being garish. first - clock time director / writer andrew niccol (he also wrote the screenplay for the upcoming jim carrey drama " the truman show ") demonstrates a keen eye for the stylish; his collaboration with cinematographer slawomir idziak, production decorator jan roelfs and costume graphic designer colleen atwood result in a sophisticated theme that emanate classy, retro ambience. an opening credits sequence - - where cutis, nail and hairsbreadth fragments precipitate in dense - question done a colored photographic camera lens - - displays these combined talents uncannily. niccol yet utilizes voice - over yarn (a device well nigh e'er poorly - use) in an effective room. when information technology total to acting, the movie is also unflawed. ethan hawke does magnificent work, proving his ability to carry a movie and reaffirming his tremendously gamy personal magnetism level. his chemistry with thurman is a bit on the icy side, but necessarily therefore, bestow to the setting ' s clinical iciness. as the bitter jerome, jude law has a wiz - making presence, and it ' s his scenes with hawke that give the film its all right worked up heart and soul. in " gattaca " ' s serial of final shots, the fate of vincent and jerome are superimposed over each other, and the core follow sad, lyrical and beautiful. matter fix a picayune unknown as the movie near its climax, when vincent ' s relationship with his brother comes back into view. the big spectacular closing is a swim race, which is somewhat cockamamy albeit attractively photographed. still, the single most surprising face of gattaca is its use of backdrop - - it ' s successful sci - fi without showy special effects, it ' s a crisp thriller with character - driven thrills, it ' s a futuristic fable without blood and sand. still its execution mystery is relegated to a lowly subplot, ensuring that a smart story about fresh people and chic science takes center stage. although it ' s portrayal of the upcoming hundred is macabre, " gattaca " serves upwardly 1 of the about thought - provoking societal prognosis ever depicted on film. 