not since attending an ingmar bergman retrospective a few years ago have i seen a film as uncompromising in information technology portraying of emotional truth as secret & trygve halvden lie. alike ingrid bergman, managing director mike leigh live interested in poke into his characters ' inner depths through hypernaturally outspoken confrontations. also corresponding bergman, leigh engages in frequent closeups of his graphic symbol ' ravished and bust up faces. and the prominent mournfulness of a violoncello on the soundtrack recalls bergman ' s own use of a johann sebastian bach cello rooms in an early motion picture show. all that be missing is a word of graven image. which is not to say that secrets & lie is goose egg more than than an homage to the swedish master. in fact, information technology is quite potential leigh own no such intentions in mind. notwithstanding, what we get cost so far removed from the average moviegoing experience - - even from the reason we go to the movies in the world class place - - that it take some effort to adjust to the film ' s rhythms. formerly the adjustment is piddle, however, there are keen rewards. 1 such is the chance to get word life on the cover as it really is. though leigh may have adopted some of bergman ' s stylistic touches, most obviously in an early scene of terse crisscross - cutting during a married couple ' s strained conversation, as intimately as in that more or less obtrusive score, the overall feeling of the film constitute that it eschews any " style " at all. whereas bergman uses artifice as a instrument to debunk reality, leigh makes the camera a mere observer, most as in a pbs documentary. the core of this is to concentre all of your attention on the actors. it is a protection to everyone require that, despite such scrutiny, only infrequently be we aware that anyone * is * playact. much feature been made of brenda blethyn ' s performance, and justifiedly so, just it is only when you remind yourself that you are watching a fable that you realize how good she equal. at that place are a few missteps. for one, except for one scene (tragicomic, as information technology take place ), in that location be scant humor in the film. this leads to a sure monotonous tone throughout. and occasionally (as with bergman) the dullness of the situations backside seem drive. for all that, this longish picture show manages to keep time lag of your attention. it is unfortunate that the audience for arcanum & prevarication will most likely equal limited to an cerebral elite group, for in that respect be nothing inherently intellectual about this plastic film. in fact, it mightiness well resonate more strongly for gazillion of working class filmgoers who will likely never see it. there represent even a gratifying but significant irony in the film ' due south unspoken convey on slipstream relations, something an american audience at least would do well to observe. nonetheless, secrets & lies constitute non for the faint of heart. though there is nothing physically horrific to clear unmatchable squeamish, the geographic expedition of uncouth human frailty can make up and so raw and unsparing that it is tempt to turn from the covert. needless to order, information technology is also very depress at times. but for many of us, of course of study, so is life. and though the film is too honest to baste on a phony well chosen ending, that like honestness allows it to admit that thing stern also get better. 