whenever studio executive try to mix the successful convention of two blockbuster films, the end result is forever a wad of a script, play, directing, and generally a waste of time for any audience with an average iq above 40. the latest movie morass from hollywood, the bunch, appeared evenly destine to fail, a strange combination of grumpy old men and goodfellas tossed together with the like of richard dreyfus and cyril burt sir joshua reynolds helming the ship. the scary thing is that it ' s actually entertaining and a breath of sweet air in this other than moth eaten calendar month. the crew works for respective reason. the clever script be reminiscent of an old billy wilder movie, follow quadruplet " past their prime " wiseguys from jersey world health organization now live in the raj mahal apartment home in miami beach. the wiseguys bump themselves being evicted from their " golden paradise " by greedy landlords bent on raising rents for new beach bunnies and boy appear for beachfront attribute. the four mobsters, bobby bartellemeo (richard dreyfuss ), joey " bats " pistella (burt reynolds ), mike " the brick " donatelli (dan hedaya ), and tony " sass " donato (seymour cassel) decide to hatch a scheme to works there a dead body heisted from the morgue in order to drive out the fresh tenants and keep their home. this " simple plan " suddenly goes screwy, of course, and the boys become affect with a striptease named ferris (jennifer tilly) who need her stepmother kill, a paranoid latin drug lord who ' s convinced a mysterious rival is out to get him, and a rat with its tail on fire. the gang works as a stiff comedic vehicle driven by a great ensemble form of talented quality actors and subtle leading men. instead of concentrating on bobby ' s search for his daughter, the film gives adequate silver screen clock time to all four wiseguys, balancing the product. the acting talents of such screen veteran as dan hedaya, seymour cassel, and the great, large cyril burt sir joshua reynolds be brought stunned by each character ' s singularity and synergy within the wiseguy roach. a unattackable supporting cast include jeremy piven as a flirt boyfriend / cop / partner and miguel sandoval as the paranoid drug overlord supply the nearly laughs. the film was produced by barry sonnenfeld and carry a hint get shorty with information technology energetic camera work by michael dinner party, emmy award - gain music director of the wonder years. the quick script write by barry fanaro, screenwriter of kingpin, be carried by plenty of subtly juiceless liquid body substance and wittiness. the work party is a prime example of how bare and dry - witted a comedy privy get these days. the great thing cost that this comedy does not postulate to be punctuated by corporal fluid, phallus symbolic representation in the head, or grandmothers giving head teacher in a spa. in the unshakable flow of " extreme " comedy these days flowing from hollywood comparable a broken urine main, it ' s the elder solon like dreyfuss, reynolds, and hedaya that butt bear a comic electric arc with solely a few weapons of choice - a decent script and good playing. 