let maine go off by saying that top up to the release of the latest bail bond film, i really wasn ' t looking forrader to it equally much as i have with some of the premature films. i ' m not certain if it was the fairly lackluster laggard or the ever - present apprehensiveness that the following film will pass back into the miserable elbow room of the timothy john dalton years. i ' m happy to report that any doubts follow erased after astir the maiden 10 minutes of the flick. by that point, it was manifest that mr. bond embody rearwards with a vengeance. all doubts would throw likely been erased rather except for the fact that the first ten minutes of the film weren ' t on the dot a pleasant experience. information technology seems that nobody told the geniuses working at the theater that the family visible radiation are theorise to be turned hit when the movie starts. information technology have a reminder from an audience member to clew them in. i guessing they can be excused though, taking ticket and strip upwards popcorn between shows is extremely taxing on the brain. anyway, after somebody remembered what the light substitution was for, one nail down in for hamper. ace mean the near noticeable aspect of this, the 19th film in the serial, be that it really goes backwards to the well nigh tongue in cheek fashion of the roger moore films. in that location follow believably more one and only - liners in this pic than in the last several combined. and adherence ' s last i - liner in the moving picture show is astir the best of the series. the world be non plenty also contained peradventure the most action at law of any movie of the series. everything from wild gravy holder chases to the common assortment of cool bond certificate gadgets trotted extinct but when thither seems to make up no way out for 007. for the most part, the action chronological sequence wreak very comfortably. although, there were a brace of times that unity intend some things were a bit terminated the top, still for a bond moving picture show. i think some of the inculpation commode be put down at the feet of director michael apted. while he did a ripe job for the most parting, there were points in the movie, specifically during action sequences, that helium seemed to loose site of the fact that he live make fundamentally an action film. most noticeably chronological succession on a snow covered mountain and one involving bond getting done a closing door looked corresponding apted thought atomic number 2 be film some sort of high brow art flick. he almost seemed like atomic number 2 didn ' t know what he exist suffice. but they were abbreviated scenes and real shouldn ' t take away from the otherwise solid job that apted did in directing. if you make ever reckon a bond film, you won ' t constitute shocked to discover that plot has ne'er been their strong suit. the world comprise not plenty is no exception. this time we get yet another over scoundrel that bond has to stop for the trade good of the world. 007 matches mentality with the terrorist renard (robert carlyle ), a man who has a bullet lodge in his psyche that makes him impervious to anguish. why this compass point is included is beyond me. they took great hurting to explicate his condition, but information technology only come upwardly later in the picture show as a scene that can only live described as depend like an afterthought. anyway, renard, like the distinctive terrorist that helium personify, is bend on some insane dodge involving a mid - east oil pipeline. ace guess world mastery simply isn ' mt as attractive to terrorists as a money making venture anymore. attachment be brought in to protect the pipeline ' entropy possessor, elektra business leader (sophie marceau ), who is the daughter of one of renard ' s recent victims. along the way, bond receive to muster in the aid of a nuclear scientist, dr. noel jones (denise richards ), and his honest to god rival valentin zukovsky (robert thomas carlyle ). alike all bond films, you basically hardly have to suspend disbelief over the plot, since information technology be farcical beyond words. my biggest complaint would comprise that it be about the most disjointed of any of the bail films. in that respect be at least one point that one had to stop and hear to remember wherefore bond paper was where he be and why atomic number 2 was doing what he was doing. the crony that 1 saw the movie with was completely confused concluded an earlier kidnapping of marceau ' s character. information technology be allude to earlier in the movie briefly - - although not include in the film. afterwards, it became a big part of the story and left him with the clear cut feeling that he take missed something. but because information technology be a bond film, the beautiful adult female and nifty gizmo seem to reach you forget about script problems quite apace. after all, information technology isn ' t shakespeare. how about the roll? brosnan seems to get well with each of his appearance as 007. ace grow upward with the roger moore version of bond, so i really delight the lighter style that brosnan brings to the character. judi dench, as m, had a bigger use in this plastic film than in her ii previous appearances in the function. she brought the talent with her that one would expect from an academy award winner. robbie coltrane was well one of the best component in goldeneye, so it was nice to look his russian mobster character revive in this moving picture show. coltrane gets more screen prison term, which simply run to him stealing even more scenes. and then there are the bond missy. sophie marceau might be one of the near beautiful actress working today. there is merely something about her breathless oculus that makes her a lifelike to play the innocent victim. those that catch her in braveheart know she is more than than only a pretty face. marceau may be the most gifted actress to ever play a adhesiveness love involvement. so we have denise richards. on that point was no dubiety in my mind that she was vomit exclusively for her looks. and after you meet the outfits she wear upon, you won ' thymine have any trouble guessing what part of her soma catch the producer ' s eyes. ace was sunnily surprised to find that she really did a good job toy a atomic scientist. admittedly, there be unrivalled spot that the audience snickered a minute at one of her proficient lines of dialogue, simply other than that she stacks improving (no pun mean) to her james bond girl predecessors nicely. one must say that the enceinte letdown was robert carlyle ' s character. while carlyle did a okay job with the material that atomic number 2 had, his character just never work out for pine tree state. the producers tried really unvoiced to add more than complexity to his eccentric, only it but never quite got off the ground. i guess single was hoping for a second more regarding the whole impervious to ail expression of his fibre, but the writers decided to play up the worked up incline of his character. this might have worked well in another motion picture show, only i don ' thyroxin go to determine bond movies for their cryptic characterizations. last, merely not least, we have got desmond llewelyn as q. this be the seventeenth appearance for llewelyn as julian bond ' s gadget hombre, and he is as good as ever. although his screen fourth dimension has rise far more limited in the past few films, he is still a delicacy to take in. rumors burst that this may be his last appearance in the role. he say succeeding visual aspect are up to a higher power. the producer have introduced his protege and future replacement, a bumbling and somewhat pompous character played by drollery captain john cleese. while we don ' t see much of him in this film, i think it is fairish to say that desmond llewelyn ' s legacy, whenever it equal passed on, testament equal in really capable hands. thence how does information technology stack up? despite some problem, the world comprise non plenty is a very entertaining movie. and, all thing considered, what problems it does have are belittled compared to some that experience plagued earlier bond movies. this be well the best of the brosnan films. it crataegus oxycantha even be the best of the full series, sure enough in the top terzetto. one affair is for sure, even after 19 movies, in that location is yet mess of life exit in the james ii adhesion series. hither ' s looking forward to bond numeral 20. 