the party be one and only of those classic slapstick clowning that leave leave you, at times, cracking up. the moving picture show takes situation, for the most theatrical role, in real - time during an exclusive eventide party that is attended only when by the biggest epithet in hollywood. hrundi v. bakshi, play very well by simon peter marketer, is a struggling actor world health organization only came to america from his homeland, india. hrundi try out stunned his acting endowment, but it seems that he only isn ' t cut come out of the closet for the job. on the hardening of his current film that atomic number 2 star in, hrundi seems to pretend everything go for the worse. during the motion picture photography of this film sic in the 1800 ' s, hrundi manages to nettle the theatre director (herbert ellis) in any way he can. this includes a pitiful act job in many scene, wear an underwater sentinel in one scene, and accidentally detonating a monumental set. many of the hollywood producer and big name want hrundi out of the business forever. and when the director create a personal phone margin call to mr. clutterbuck (j. edward denali) pleading for hrundi ' s ejection from hollywood, everything is pretty much over for hrundi. clutterbuck writes his figure down on a piece of newspaper to insure that hrundi will ne'er again work in hollywood. simply when this objet d'art of report turns out to be the guest list for clutterbuck ' s undivided party, hrundi is invited, and certain chaos be bound to fall out. of class, as predicted, hrundi make lots of trouble. each scene in which hrundi encounters a situation, usually unity that he buttocks ' t handle, is nigh always very humorous. and each scene with hrundi and the drunken waiter, who be alone screaming, add to the comedy in a cracking way. the company can be compare to many other films of it ' s type, specifically the trio of naked gun movies and the airplane movies, but the party is a delightful movie that incorporate rattling well played out clowning into credible situation. information technology besides include a number of memorable scenes (can anyone say " birdy num - num "? ). if you ' re in the mood for fun and gratifying slapstick comedy, check verboten the party. it ' s not going to be matchless of your all - time favorites, simply if you enjoy this case of humor, you ' ll enjoy the company. 