jean - luc picard (patrick stewart) and the remainder of the crew of the uracil. s. s. enterprise are backward for their tertiary outing in the 9th film based on the 1960 ' s serial publication, star trek. gone are kirk, benjamin spock and mccoy and in their wake in the very capable and real talented cast from superstar trek: the next generation. as common, a crisis is brew and it is up to the bunch of the enterprise to make the galaxy dependable again. this clip out the united federation of planet and an outlander subspecies run by f. murray abraham are trying to move some colonists bump off a satellite against the colonist ' s bequeath. information technology turns out that this satellite follow the fountain of youth and the federation and their foreign crony feel that be should be used for the undecomposed of everyone and not simply a few hundred settler. of class picard feels that this form of treachery is unseasonable, so he disobeys direct order and vows to aid protect the colonists. insurrection follow a lighter movie than the last deuce lead trek films. the film focalise on the high flown question of whether the rights of society as a unhurt outweighs the rights of a low group. in this respect it gets rearwards to the roots of sensation trek by disguising social comment as skill fiction. it doesn ' t manage a speculative line of work, other than information technology tries to inject overly much humor into the story line. many of the jokes are your typical inside star trek - sports fan - only if jest, while many of the others just descend compressed. the other criticism that i have with the story was that information technology brush off common sense. on that point be only a few hundred hoi polloi on this whole planet, why arrange they have to be moved? the explanation is that the planet has to be bombarded with pestilent radiation therefore that this spring of juvenility effect volition be warm enough to help cure f. murray abraham ' s aliens who number simply a duad of dozen. so the canonical story line be bad enough in that we have a few 100 be booted away for a few billion, at least that ' s plausible. but in reality we deliver a few hundred equal moved for the benefit of a few dozen, which create no sensation whatsoever. the former small hiccough in logic equal the inclusion body of worf (michael dorn ), the trusty klingon. worf was on star trek: the succeeding propagation, so they need to let in him in the films. no problem thence far. worf is instantly a graphic symbol of star trek: cryptic space nina from carolina, so the writers have to find a way to consume him show up. in the last star trek movie, first contact, the included worf in a credible mode, in this one, the author are thusly lazy that the completely glossiness over why he cost even in the moving picture. what small account they do give is so small that you would have missed it if you weren ' t hang on every word of honor on the screen. my minor trouble with the picture aside, adept trek: insurrection does have an consuming number of good points as compared to its risky ones. while many of the joke coif miss the fall guy, many are pretty good, even for non - trekkies. the exceptional effects comprise among the good for the star trek series. the action is bountiful and well practise. this be a very good - appear movie. it should come as no surprisal to anyone world health organization ever watched superstar trek: the next generation that the playacting is world class pace. information technology is really obvious that these thespian have been working together for over a decade. they interact with each early with a skill that few other ensemble casts can muster. most star trek fans probably will non embody disappointed with this latest film in the series. if you ' ve always hated asterisk trek, there cost nothing here that live going to change your mind. star trek: insurrection equal non the best film in the serial publication, but information technology is good enough to break up the long standing tradition of the odd numbered films in the series be far inferior to the yet numbered ones. 