it personify easy to dread the worst. begin with a classical 1960 ' s television serial, add a enceinte budget and an a - inclination star in the lead role, and flurry. script, you involve? world health organization needs 1, kid. .. we ' ve got ourselves a formula. that be my awe: a bloated monster without any sense of way. then, very much to my amazement, everything that could possibly go awry. .. didn ' t. the fleer comprise as lean, tight and tense as anything the action genre has produced in the final several years. under the direction of andrew davys (1992 ' s nether siege ), the fugitive grips you by the pharynx from the outset and ne'er lets blend. gestate box office to kick the bucket through the ceiling, deservedly, and expect an academy award nomination for tommy lee jones. the premiss is a wide eyed one. dr. richard kimble (harrison ford) is wrong convicted for the murder of his married woman after fight with the real killer, a man with an unreal arm. after an escape attempt by some other prisoner during a transferral goes awry, kimble finds himself on the outpouring. his one destination: to bump the ace - gird valet (andreas katsulas) before uranium. s. marshall sam gerard (tommy robert edward lee jones) witness him. where the fleeting surprises the to the highest degree is the script, by jeb stuart and david twohy. in a literary genre where one be almost always asked to allow jump of logic, the script repeatedly astonished me with it intelligence operation, its attending to detail and information technology respect for the audience. in an former episode, kimble sneaks into a hospital to shave of his whiskers, slick rear his hair and change into a lab pelage. on his direction extinct, a police police officer tongue in cheek tells the human being he doesn ' t know is kimble to travel rapidly up his pants. it ' s a lowly minute, but information technology punches home the importunity of kimble ' s situation, and exactly what a man concerned about not being realize might easily bury. later, while trying to suffer himself in a parade, kimble think to drop his overcoat, the near likely way he ' d be recognized from behind. it ' s these details which win over us that when a colleague of kimble ' s tells gerard that helium ' s too bright to be caught, he may just constitute right. course credit must also be given to the special effects and stunt coordinator. the double decker crash which allow kimble ' s escape make up a outstanding succession, as is a leap from a dam into the weewee below. the action is sharp and brutal, and ne'er romanticized. special kudos go to director dwight filley davis for conserve a relentless pace which underscores the exclusive - mindedness of the two leads. and what a pair of performances those spark advance are. tommy shelton jackson lee jones is zilch inadequate of brilliant as gerard, because he manages an incredibly ambitious feat. for the first third of the film, in that location is really no * villain * per se; kimble be on the run, and gerard be prohibited to get hold him. it would have be very well situated to plow gerard into a malevolent, vindictive inspector javert, but that never pass off. instead mary harris jones roleplay him as a sharp, committed man who ' mho just doing his job, so that when he responds to kimble ' s comment, " one didn ' t kill my wife, " with a subject - of - fact, " i don ' t care, " we know on the nose what he intend. it ' s not his occupation to set guilt or innocence. information technology ' s his job to bring in a fugitive. this is a good - written character played with relish by an actor at the elevation of his shape. the alone inauspicious thing about jones ' stun turn is that it ' s probable to shadow harrison gerald r. ford, and that ' s a shame. for his entire career, ford has been underappreciated as an actor due to his grouping as an action hoagy. nonetheless, he do a fine job with the less flashy part of kimble, e'er keeping at the forefront the advantage this man have because of his intelligence. the fugitive could only work to it fullest if the two protagonists always appear to be on equal footing, and gerald rudolph ford follow up to the task. this summer has live loaded with action / suspense film, and most of them have comprise do brisk business enterprise. even so, information technology ' s sentence for clint, sean, and various dinosaurs to step aside. the chase follow on. my advice live to catch it. 