" seven " be one of the best mystery picture i ' ve always seen. it ' s super intriguing and suspenseful, just it ' s also quite playfulness. it ' s a serial killer enigma, only you don ' t tending so much astir make the sea wolf pay every bit much as promise they just catch the killer. the tale is a cops - on - the - trail - of - in series - killer whodunit. person is hit people world health organization are offenders of " the seven deadly sin. " a fat piece (gula) was forced to eat himself to death, a lawyer (greed) is slaughtered by his ain fertile monomania. .. single could extend on but revealing any more would give away altogether too much. what pee this film so unique is the characterization of the " in effect guy " which makes the unobserved villain appear so vile. brad pitt lead is quite a fantabulous as detective david mills, the cocky rookie. however, morgan freeman cost yet better as detective william sommerset, the stephen samuel wise veteran on the verge of retirement (and he doesn ' t get toss off by the destruction ). there is a great mother wit of comradeliness here which often provides for a breath of comic ministration. this is telling because the mood be hence tense, and the fact that information technology can be down - play as well as information technology be here (let alone at all) is quite an an accomplishment. the setting takes place in present day new house of york urban center merely the art direction is capable to give the city a feeling of the evil, chilling situation many believe it to comprise. the production intention make up superb, in the spirit of " batman " and " the vaporing, " this film embodies the gothic climate. the way the words fade in and stunned, along with the freaky nine inch nail medicine really supply a lot to the story on a subconscious level - even the credit are chilling! the killer ' s victim induce no connexion at all, and thus mills and sommerset don ' triiodothyronine have much to go on to lick the eccentric. they can simply hold off for the next murder to occur which makes for tremendous suspense. we become just as tense and worry as the police detective because of this midst atmosphere of the unknown. not that many films have such an interesting and intriguing screenplay as this. the only problem i have with the film cost the way in which manufacturing plant and sommerset cost lead to a defendant. let ' s just say information technology seems a little too " whodunit movie, " or overly commodious in early row. when they are chair to a suspect by the figure of john energy, a terrific chase scene ensues. this is a distinctive thrilling element, but it works utterly here because of the cognitive operation of the story. if anything, this motion picture be the epitome of twist endings. 1 don ' t have to narrate you manufacturing plant and sommerset finally catch the criminal, but the room in which this happens is surprising. there is a scene of scheme philosophy between the killer and the detective, and yet though he ' s obviously harebrained, his personal magnetism make for some good points. what ' s even more surprising live the utmost few scenes themselves as the suspense comes to a terrific climax as the celluloid ' s resolution comes downward to a question of what justice really cost. " seven spot " personify non just a film about criminal offense, but about the evil within man. king john doe felt atomic number 2 was arrange society a favor by rid it of " scum. " but as justified as he cause himself seem, we must ne'er be tempt by such twisted apotheosis of justice. 