i suppose an literary argument could be made that toy history is unitary of those films that didn ' t want a sequel. beloved by kids and their parents, prize equally by mainstream america and geekish pic buffs, that first movie remains a landmark of recent history, the one that burst give the possibilities of computer animation and demonstrated through wild invention and giddy chutzpa just how self satisfied the disney animation machine had become in cranking out fluffy razzle - dazzle amusement full of formula storytelling and banal songwriting. if disney was block at being beaten at its own game (toy story was a smash hit of unexpected proportions, and one that caught the merchandising end of the business concern unaware as demand for action figures far outstrip provision ), it didn ' t show, and as distributor and part - owner of the property, at least information technology had a piece of the action. toy story 2 represent greenlighted as a direct - to - video task, disney ' s touchstone tactic for milking a few more than bucks out of hot franchises without expend the effort of develop a right feature photographic film. as someone world health organization doesn ' t conceive sequels are necessarily a risky matter (granted, they usually are a bad thing, but that ' s because they ' re made for the incorrect reasons ), i had to wonder what in the world they be thinking. luckily, disney claimed to have been thusly knocked - out by early life tests that they let pixar go replete - speed before with a theatrical sequel. golden thing, overly - - corresponding the first movie, this one is a joy to lay eyes on on the big sieve, and technically, it improves on its predecessor on just astir every level. ( from a occupation standpoint, the end credits show that the new creations are copyright by pixar, while the previous film ' southward elements embody shared between pixar and disney, a mark of the production home ' s raw cachet in hollywood. ) visually, the main shortcoming of this fully computer - generated picture show is that human figures cost even so rendered relatively under the weather, make them look a little creepy. fortuitously, that eerie unreality fits in perfectly with the view of the movie, where the hugger mugger humankind of toys is more prompt, and arguably more attractive, than the world of the humans world health organization hem in them. as before, the story is predicated on the premise that the toys scattered around the sleeping room of a little male child diagnose andy - - and, so, all the toys scattered around the bedrooms of all picayune children - - come to sprightliness in the child ' s absence. while the toys scuttle about and chatter endlessly among themselves, the real joy of a toy dog ' s life is to mean something to it owner. one of the subjects of this unexampled moving picture show is the sadness of toy that have be break or abandoned, result on a ledge to gather dust, and another is the sort of aroused limbo inhabited by toys that are mere prizes of covetous collectors. nigh often, those toys are packed away in dark quad, secure from sun and humidity, and much they ' re non even removed from their packaging. imagine what a fleck that would put on your shoulder, and you ' ll understand the attitudes of the gatherer ' s item that establish upwardly in this movie. sheriff woody (voiced by a note - perfect tom hanks ), the longtime favorite among andy ' second toys who was challenged in the previous go - turn by the arrival of trashy - new - thing action name buzz lightyear (tim allen ), suffers an injury early in the film, when andy tugs too hard on his arm and pulls a seam apart, revealing the stuffing inside. this accident catalyzes some uneasieness among the toys, who know besides considerably that a upset plaything is often a forgotten toy, and a disregarded plaything is one that loses it reason for universe. those anxieties are crystallized when andy ' s mamma tears through his sustenance room, collect sure enough toys for a yard sale. and there ' s an ironic twist to the fib, as woody winds up being steal by an esurient toy collector world health organization needs exactly that quaint cowboy figure to complete a seth that he hopes to trade to a japanese toy museum for a sizable sum. the rest of andy ' s toys, who owe him quite a debt, resolve to rescue him. that this film manages to turn a box marked " 25 cents " into a symbol of doom, or to take its screed against the retention of collectable toys by wrongheaded profiteers fire for a metaphysical quandary, is a testament to its skill at metaphor, seamlessly translate the hope and fearfulness of our real humankind into that of the toys. operating on this level of generalisation, toy story deuce tackles some mighty weighty issue without once preaching operating theater veering into pompousness. ( the worst single can say is that turned on newman seems to have set aside his sappiest lyric in years for sarah mclachlan, who stops the movie cold by singing it at precisely about the halfway mug. ) sometimes 1 think toy tale 2 tries too hard. thither ' s moderately less of the place - of - the - pants loopiness that energized the beginning film, allowing it to storm and excite on a close - constant basis, and more philosophize about toys, collector, the nature of happiness and the meaning of aliveness. while that conduct to fewer bellylaughs, it does make way for more elaborate humour and an uncommonly ambitious reflexivity that asks the toy dog to consider their own position as commodities that incite in and out of fashion. ( just wear ' t ask wherefore andy ' s favorite toy dog is based on a tv series that was cancel in 1957. ) where else in mainstream movies do you get such an awesome here and now as the nonpareil where buzz arrives at aluminum ' s toy barn to find it stocked to the gill with his doppelganger, bombination lightyear activity figures? forget the ego - congratulatory science fabrication of the matrix - - this is a profound mind - toot for buzz, and the hearing share his humility and wonder at the slew. here, as in the roughly concurrent fit where woody catch tape of the howdy doodyish children ' s tv show that develop his lineament, we see our protagonists come aspect - to - face with god. in sly ways, so, toy storey 2 can be read as a moving picture about fatality rate, a metaphorical consideration of aging and dying. importantly, the picture show ' s very first successiveness concludes with a dismal shocker that let our open up - nighttime crowd in a near - katzenjammer. and toward the end, when bombination and woody speculate on how long they get before andy grows up and put away his old toys, nonpareil of them observes, with an alacrity both inspirational and heartbreaking, that it will be fun while it lasts. so toy story two unite the tradition of children ' reciprocal ohm stories, largely drop of late, that say something real about the inevitable joys and tragedies of world. what ' s really striking be that both toy story films (and, to a lesser degree, pixar ' s a bug ' s life) make up kids ' movies with wit and sophistication to shame most of their ostensibly adult counterparts, not to refer whatever piece of tot - friendly eye - candy is imputable from the disney ambition factory any given summer. information technology puts one in psyche of the glory days of grub daniel jones and the old gang at warner bros. living. i ' chiliad non sure lasseter and his pals at pixar will ever operate at rather that level of purely visual invention - - they love traditional narrative too much - - merely, boy, it makes me wonder what they might come up with following. - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - directed by john lasseter, colin brady, ash brannon, and lee unkrich written by lasseter, brannon, peter docter, andrew stanton, rita hsaio, doug neville chamberlain, and chris webb filming by sharon calahan starring (voices) tom hanks, tim grace ethel cecile rosalie allen, and joan cusack united states of america, 1999 theatrical prospect proportion: single. lxxxv: unity - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 