one year has passed since the last meter we see them, and but wayne joseph campbell and garth algar be back but, they ' ve moved extinct of their parents homes, and now have their own pad in an abandoned warehouse. wayne ' s notwithstanding hopelessly infatuate with his girl, cassandra, and of course garth is still having his ain, personal growing botheration. they guys are simply wind up remove 1 of their shows, and head off to an aerosmith concert where they run across cassandra and her new coach, a unimaginative industriousness slime non unlike the character rob lowe portray in the previous film. again, the promoter be non only after the money that cassandra ' s talent can bring in. the storyline quickly degrades to a analogue of the original, " hombre loses chick, guy realizes mistake, and guy gets chick rearwards. " fortunately, there live more than to this movie than this somewhat sheer plot. the wit and humour in this picture are surprisingly intelligent and fresh with many inside prank on the film and medicine industry as well as just now a lot of hilarious scenes of john wayne and garth showing their true color. highlighting of the movie include a spoof of jurassic park, garth ' s conquest by a matrimonial woman, a surprise appearance by charleton heston, a 1960 ' s batman setup in the guy ' s pad, and some pretty groovy chats with jim morrison and some " naked indian guy, " an unexpected back talk - sync of ymca (you could see that one coming a mile away) and of course a hilarious parody of those badly - dubbed kung - fu motion picture show we bonk to laugh at. and if you ' ve ever marvel why there ' s always boxes of watermelons, chicken, and people walk plate methamphetamine in the centre of streets, you ' ll find tabu here. this movie as well explores wayne and garth a little to a greater extent. garth has reasonably of a " approaching of age " and wayne gets to learn a short astir himself (with a small helper from our erstwhile quaker, jim morrison ). a few old jokes from the previous movie are research here over again, but this fourth dimension with a few turn to keep them fresh, and fortunately, few, if any of them are overused. overall, the flick hold raft of continuity flaws (especially in the fight fragrance between garth and cassandra ' s dad ), but these be easily overlooked as this is, after wayne ' s humanity. the plot of land is slight but manageable. thither are a few limited effects, but they are passably unlined, and fill nicely into the plot of ground. the acting is full, for this form of movie, just in that location are some very bright spots. in the big picture, this movie is exactly homely fun. there be scores of intelligent humor that makes this film particular. during the unharmed nonpareil hour and 40 minutes, one didn ' mt even think astir looking at my watch a single time. silly, but disruptive at clip, this embody an excellent flick even better than the original. 