cinematically speaking, gordon parking lot ' original 1971 _shaft_ is not a not bad film. a bit slow at times and more than a little fierce around the edges as it builds to information technology climactic explosion of red action, this spirit up but formulaic yarn that initially brought ernest tidyman ' s " black private dick that ' s a sex political machine to all the chicks " to the full grown screen hardly stipulate as groundbreaking filmmaking. yet nearly xxx years after its original release - - and long after the literary genre information technology spawned, " blaxploitation, " died with that decade - - the 1971 _shaft_ remains an extremely entertaining watch, never having altogether escaped pop culture consciousness. the reason for this is the like unity that explain the film ' s connection with moviegoers far beyond the target african - american hearing: the title eccentric of john shaft. while the fact that the unattackable, smart, virile, and superbly suave shaft be black is the elementary factor for his historic and cultural significance, his encompassing - based appeal stems from an idea that exceed backwash: he is comfortable, confident, and proud about who he be, and anyone who give a problem with that could simply kiss his ass. this fact also explains why john singleton ' s y2g revival of john shaft be equally enjoyable as it personify. much like the motion picture that started the franchise, this _shaft_ ' s plot doesn ' triiodothyronine score breaker point in the originality department, but the energy level and smooth attitude distinguishes information technology from received offence thrillers. wayward to what has been reported over the past few months, this _shaft_ be not a remake of the original film, but more than of a subsequence / spinoff. the star audiences know and love from the original film and its first two sequels (1972 ' southward _shaft ' s_big_score! _ and 1973 ' s _shaft_in_africa_ ), richard roundtree, once over again plays john shaft, who still lead a private investigation firm in newfangled house of york city. withal, the focus of the plastic film lie on his like - named nephew (samuel l. thomas jackson ), who, as the film begins, comprise a pig whose take - no - crap demeanor constantly leaves him at odds with his superiors. when a inner young man named walter wade jr. (christian bale) accused of a brutal, racially - motivated slaying is allowed to be let go on bail bond, a disgusted shaft leaves the force and decides to take subject into his own hands as a p. iodin. but that ' south easier say than do, for also standing in the way of calamus and his room of justice be peoples hernandez (jeffrey wright ), a dominican mobster world health organization is hired by walter to scratch out waitress diane palmieri (toni collette ), the only eyewitness to his crime. peoples - - or, sort of, wright be also the self aggrandizing obstruction in jackson ' s way toward control this film. masses is more of an usurious comic character for most of the working time, and wright is crazily singular during these stages. however, he isn ' triiodothyronine so funny as to make the character come off as goofy and buffoonish, and peoples ' eventual good turn to more serious villainy is seamless and believable (which probably would non have constitute the case have helium been play by original casting option john leguizamo, who bowed out before filming ). it ' s no easy task to slip a film from the thomas jackson (who be his common captivating, charismatic self here ), but that ' s exactly what wright does - - and makes it seem effortless. then again, with such a talented ensemble surround him, it is not excessively surprising that jackson ' s telling lead turn doesn ' t rather tower concluded the rest; he is strongly complemented non solely by wright but all his other co - stars. bale make already raise his power to play an uppity killer in _american_psycho_, so information technology only travel along that his carrying into action as a similar, less exaggerated character would be spot - on. collette lends the pic some convincing and welcome dramatic weighting as the panic struck, conflicted diane. busta rhyme brings some good laughs as shaft ' s brother rasaan. registering not as strongly - - but through no fault of their own - - are vanessa thomas lanier williams (as tough narcotics nail carmen vasquez) and a dismayingly underused roundtree; they only are given little to do in the script credited to richard price, singleton, and shane salerno. ( jackson also has piffling to " do " in a gumption; some thrown away footage during the curtain raising credits aside, his shaft doesn ' t even bear one gender scene. ) that singleton once once again prove his ability with actors is an particularly good affair since atomic number 2 ' s non really an action theater director. this is not to say that he make a spoilt job with the legion gunfights and the requisite foot and auto pursuit. they make a motion considerably (as serve the movie as a unit) and be reasonably exciting; information technology ' s just that there ' siemens nothing terribly inventive about them. these set piece are operational in the way the handwriting be: they work well enough, but they ' re unsurprising and schematic. but if there ' s anything that a _shaft_ movie exercise well, information technology ' s make the familiar look chill - - and this _shaft_ keep that custom alive. from the slick championship sequence - - scored, of course, to isaac rutherford b. hayes ' ever - infectious oscar - make headway theme song dynasty, which singleton wisely sprinkle throughout the film - - on, the film look great and easily sweeps the looker into its world with its industrious bluster. still a common visual trick such as employing fancy wipes for scene transition non only tactile property unforced, it feels necessary. expressive style doesn ' triiodothyronine exactly make for a great flick, just when it comes to _shaft_, that ' randomness of little consequence. what matters above all else is make a good meter, and the a la mode _shaft_ should exist just the beginning of many fun rides to be have with this regretful mutha - - shut your mouth. 