information technology hold been three long years since quentin quentin tarantino stunned the cinema world by claiming the cannes film fete ' s palme d ' or, a $ 100 zillion - plus box office crying, and an oscar nomination? all for his sophomore outing, pulp fabrication. since and then, the talented film lord has been virtually invisible, turn up briefly as a atomic number 27 - director of the wildly uneven quatern elbow room and the screenwriter of the gory vampire - fest, from dusk till daybreak. in between, he has moonlighted as an " actor " with various decidedly unmemorable performances. now, with much fanfare and prevision, quentin tarantino birth returned with his third directorial effort, jackie brown. and, while this motion picture, adapt from elmore elmore john leonard ' s novel, rum biff, offers solid amusement, those expecting another bravura out from tarantino will leave theaters disappoint. for the most part, jackie robert brown is a reasonably ordinary law breaking movie. the story, which commence out slowly, develops into a voluminous affair, with double - cross and threefold - hybridisation. and the movie is litter with casual tarantino earmark: witty dialogue, unexpected gunshot, ' 70 pop tunes, and close - ups of womens ' bare feet. yet, for all of that, the product be something of a disappointment. the sheer, in - your - typeface exuberance that marked reservoir dogs and specially pulp fiction is lacking. the mostly - straightforward chronology of jackie brown doesn ' t match up favourably to the non - linear panache of tarantino ' s previous endeavor? an approach that add up tension and edginess to the narrative. and there aren ' t closely as many lusciously offbeat conversations this meter around. on that point ' s a samuel l. old hickory soliloquy astir guns, a jackson / chris tucker logical argument regarding the merits of hiding in a car trunk, and a jackson / robert de niro exchange that recalls some of the jackson / travolta material from pulp fable, but that ' s astir it. jackie brown ' s lone " innovation " be its presentation of a all important chronological sequence from three unlike perspectives. this isn ' tonne exactly an original technique? it has been done legion times before, most magnificently in akira akira kurosawa ' s rashomon and well nigh lately in edward zwick ' s courage nether flack. however, while in those two picture (and others ), there be a logical plot reason for the multiple points - of - sentiment, tarantino ' s sole purpose for using it appear to be because it ' s unconventional. had the scenes in question been show from only 1 of the ternion advantage, nothing would have been lost. as a result, this aspect of the moving picture is little more than a curiosity. for the 2d picture in a row, quentin jerome tarantino is essay to come to the career of a ' 70s icon. this fourth dimension around, rather of saint john the apostle travolta, it ' s blaxploitation fairy pam grier (slick brown has get jackie brown ). in one of many nod to the nigh famous segment of grier ' s vocation, tarantino uses a ' 70s song to play along her first appearance during the opening credits. there are besides several instance during jackie brown when the director offers a sly wink towards certain rule of the blaxploitation genre (although grier ne'er make any butt - kicking ). grier is jackie brown, a flight of steps attendant who set out caught transporting drug and money into the joined states. she ' s working for gun dealer ordell robbie (samuel cubic decimeter. michael jackson ), merely she keeps her mouth shut under questioning, despite insistency from ray nicolet (michael buster keaton ), a union official. no longer sure whether or non he can trust jackie, ordell arranges for a bail bondsman, max cherry (robert forster, tv ' s " banyon ") to post the necessary $ x, 000, so plans to germinate jackie if she proves disloyal. jackie pass ordell ' s test, even so, and soon the two of them follow plot a way to smuggle $ 500, 000 of ordell ' s money into the united state department without tipping off the feds. soon, just astir everyone embody after that money, including jackie, max, ray, ordell ' s perpetually oversexed and drugged - out girlfriend, melanie (bridget fonda ), and his correct - hand man, louis (henry martyn robert de niro ). unsurprisingly, the most memorable performance is turned in by samuel lambert. jackson, but ordell isn ' t near as invigorating or oblige a part as jules from pulp fiction. in plus to looking marvellous, pam grier is as well quite an good, although hers is non an academy award - calibre performance (although she might get a nomination ). robert forster and michael keaton are solid in their tough - guys - world health organization - rarely - smile role. bridget henry fonda be around for three discernible intellect: to calculate sexy in a bikini, to provide a little misrepresented comedy, and to meet tarantino ' s invertebrate foot juju. henry m. robert de niro make up criminally underused in a portion that could have been work equally well by any dingy - looking, middle - aged doer. the film, which clocks in at several minutes over the ii - and - a - half hour mark, is probably overly long for the stuff, but the plot is convoluted plenty to keep atomic number 92 guessing throughout (although the takings live a letdown ). quentin jerome tarantino keeps things moving on nicely, with a heavier dose of humor and less violence than in flesh fable, but, on the whole, this movie seem more like the body of work of one of his wannabes than something from the director himself. when information technology comes to late antic films (like the grifters and bound ), jackie brown is a 2nd - tier cause. information technology ' s an entertaining digression, but non a chef d'oeuvre, and certainly not an academy award contender. 