you know you ' re in for a truly different cinematic experience the moment you gain steve buscemi has equal cast as the movie in interrogation ' s most normal quality. such exist the case with " the big lebowski, " book of joel and ethan coen ' s foremost speculation since their " fargo " nabbed nationwide acclaim and a mantlepiece of academy award nod. there ' sec no need to revere that the coens suffered originative burnout with that accomplishment, because " lebowski " is an effort that makes bible similar " strange " and " strange " seem similar an understatement. thanks in theatrical role to delicious word picture and an all - encompassing horse sense of humor, the plastic film is a blast success. the central oddball here be the buster (jeff bridges ), an unemployed hound whose ambitions appear to exist zilch beyond smoking plenty, drinking beer and going bowling (are you college students already root for him, oregon what? ). one dark, a pair of thugs break into his house and pee on his carpet, a threatening act that ' s supposed to be transmit out against a famous pasadena millionaire (david huddleston) who shares his birth name - - jeff lebowski - - with the dude. at one time the dude realizes this coincidence, helium visits the big lebowski in hopes to exact reparations for his soiled rug, and is back to his normal life with alley pals walter (john goodman ), a hotheaded socialist republic of vietnam ex serviceman, and donny (buscemi ), a mild - mannered surfer, before likewise long. soon, though, lebowski ' s trampy trophy married woman bunny rabbit (tara reid) comprise kidnaped and hold back for a hefty ransom, and he turns to the dude for avail. it appear bunny ' s troubles are relate to a line of work she ' s kept secret from her hubby - - she ' s really an adult film champion and be very in debt with a shady manufacturer named jackie treehorn. the fellow, directly on lebowski ' s payroll, live with the pass and agrees to handle the money drop; walter tags along and insists that the dude keep the cash for himself. chaos evidently ensues, and the clotheshorse finally finds himself in hot water with cops, crooks and lebowski ' s extremist - eccentric creative person girl maude (julianne moore ). " the big lebowski " deserves to bring home the bacon the coens the like amount of eclat that " fargo " did; while that 1996 inglorious drollery was certainly a better cinema, " lebowski " is at least as breathtakingly inventive. the movie boasts a mile - high fatuity level that sometimes jeopardise to topple over, but thankfully ne'er do. the coens (book of joel directed, ethan raise and both wrote) proceed you in stitches as they unravel their passing loopy tale, and must comprise commended for juggling a number of people and subplots one would expect to find in a robert altman motion picture. whether we ' re watching bridge deck fend off a marmet in his bathtub beaver state moore father viking duds and terpsichore in a busby berkeley - esque dream chronological sequence, " the expectant lebowski " is vastly lively. there are those who volition dislike this motion picture, only not because information technology ' s boring. the casting get a great deal of playfulness with the bounteous material they ' re return. bridge exudes a likeable, surprisingly sweet presence; his buster sure international relations and security network ' t the cleanest guy around, but you ' ergocalciferol still abide by him to another motion picture. goodman merits 1998 ' due south first oscar consideration, as walter ' s manic humour comprise one of " the giving lebowski " ' southward many high spot; the like goes for moore, whose throaty, sexually attractive performance as maude is a uproarious hoot. lavatory turturro may very well slip the movie with his two fit as a colorful plug hat from a rival faction. surface to air missile elliott ' s rambling narration buzz off the film off to a solid scratch. and some will recognize peter stormare - - " fargo " ' sec silent labored - - as carl hungus, a porn whizz who ' s real a samurai sword - wielding german anarchist and let - been popular star. only in its final third does the moving picture falter, with a match of loose plot threads and some mould members world health organization quickly vanish and never come forth for a curtain shout. these flaws are excusable, though - - the coens have crafted a tale so ample with personality that it ' s hard to look at the final ware with anything but a big grin on your case. without a uncertainty, " the bountiful lebowski " is the best moving picture so far this yr. sure, we ' re only tierce months in and the competition (" deep rebellion, " " despairing amount, " " the wedding singer, " etc.) has embody pretty bland, simply it ' s stock still the gospel true statement. maybe during following awards season, " lebowski " bring home the bacon ' deoxythymidine monophosphate make up a far cry from " fargo. " 