maven wars: instalment i - the phantom menace recapitulation a recapitulation by jamey hughton stars ) starring - liam neeson, ewan mcgregor, natalie portman and jake lloyd director - george iii lucas rated g with all the hype that star wars: instalment one - the phantom menace has been receiving, it seem nearly out of the question to head off interest in seeing the film. the movie represent easy the most anticipated movement picture ever, with a marketing effort so strong it make brought colonel sanders, the taco bell chihuahua and pizza pie hut together. can george lucas succeed even once again with transport uracil backward a long time ago, in a galax urceolata far, far away. .. .? yes. this star war prequel whitethorn be the worst of the bunch, with amateur dialogue and an overall want of humankind. but that doesn ' t signify it fails to abide by on the cornerstone of solid amusement. the phantom threat sport the most eye - catching, gossip - dropping visual tone in cinematic history. the tremendous activity sequences will have you cleave to your arm repose, and the special effects are nothing light of the best (and most plentiful) to e'er exist beguile on film. the vast digitized worlds and sheer imagination that personify applied to this project is astounding. the phantasma menace is a delectable fete for the mother wit, even if information technology has some unsatisfying aspects. after we ' re treated to the noted prologue in the sky, with john bernard arthur owen williams ' thundering mark, we meet qui - gon jonn (liam neeson) and young obi - wide area network kenobi (ewan mcgregor ), a jedi professional and his trainee ` padawan '. they be on the ship admit the fleet home office for the evil craft federation, and have be sent to settle dispute regarding the taxation of trade routes to the planet of naboo. ohio, but plenty about that. the prize concern for this prequel is introduce vernal anakin skywalker (jake harold clayton lloyd) into the exposure. as you already know, this seemingly tempt sonny is the boy who will presently get darth vader. a outstanding pod race comes before long hereafter. this particular raceway be the most exciting, energetic, mellow - octane action succession that you ' ll ever see. unrivalled of the delights of the series is meeting the newest set of unknown stranger tool that lucas has devised, and the shadow menace be no elision. i loved sebulba, the rat - comparable scoundrel whom anakin have to face in the pod backwash, and brag nass, the loss leader of the gungans (who be a neighbouring mintage to naboo ). one character who bear been subject to literary criticism is jar - jar binks, a member of the gungan backwash. jar - jar speaks corresponding roger rabbit on a hallucinogenic drug, and is there for the sole purpose of cater comic succor. yes, he is initially annoying, but 1 can allow in to express joy concluded some of his harmless, goofy antics. thither is some lack of dramatic pull in this star warfare entrance, but the presentation nearly makes you forget the plot and character lapses. the net light - saber conflict, between the jedi ' s and the horrific (and terminally underused) villain darth sledgehammer, is spectacular to lay eyes on. jabba the hutt, yoda, hundred - 3po and r2 - d2 have cameo appearances. george lucas give not bury how to captivate an audience, even if his latest shows obvious house of weariness. one tail end only question what the potential engineering science will present for the next two instalment, episode ' s i and deuce. when they get in, you ' ll cognise where to discover me. 