" final night " could have an " aka " dog on the end of information technology that says, " information technology ' s the remainder of the world, and we feel fine ". " last place night " is about only that. the net dark of planet earth ' s creation. the world be going to end at exactly midnight, january 1st, 2000. how scientists were so accurately capable to predict when this ruinous event would occur is never explained. nor is the event itself. throughout the full motion picture, no account is given as to why this is chance. in manage this, mckellar (world health organization as well wrote and directed the film) seems to be prove to transcend the writing style. he ' s attempt to hit a picture about people, and how each of them deals with their last night of life. the photographic film contains no science fiction element, which set aside the witness to focus on the touch and actions of the characters. mckellar is for the most part successful in his attempt to rise above his textile. the film is set in toronto, and follows several citizenry in their various escapades on the last night of macrocosm. in that location ' s mckellar, who plays a mankind who just want to personify alone when the moment occurs, but keeps getting interrupt by a adult female (sandra oh) in hunt of her husband. her married man, played by david cronenberg, is spending the day working at the gas caller, informing mass that they will attempt to keep providing gas right upward until the end. finally, there ' s mckellar ' due south ally, bring by callum keith rennie, a gentleman who accept spent his last months trying away every sexual perversion you can think of. mckellar has crafted a gang of the some of the most interesting theatrical role i ' ve seen in a flick in months. these the great unwashed all felt real to pine tree state, especially the character played by sandra oh. we can see her desperation, her utter want to be with her husband in the final hours. rennie is good, excessively, as the piece who wants to literally try everything before he dies. helium exudes such appealingness and likeablity, information technology ' s not surprising that we ' re rooting for him to get what he wants. but for maine, the biggest surprisal in the movie is mckellar. ace live that atomic number 2 was a talented director, but i take no idea he could represent as advantageously. his press to be alone, much to the dismay of his parents, be something that most people would find out hard to understand, only as playact by mckellar, we can understand his reasons. helium doesn ' t buy into the unharmed notion that just because everyone ' s going to die, he should immediately discover some companionship. he realize the relationship would be drive, and they would entirely be unitedly for the interest of being unitedly. mckellar give a glorious performance, and i hope he alternates between directing and acting. my only quibble with the motion picture be that we never find out why the mankind is end. i in truth wanted to know, and my need to have intercourse be hanging terminated the film at all times. i appreciate the fact that mckellar didn ' t want the cloth to predominate the film, and that he wanted the movie to be more than of a discipline in human behavious. nevertheless, in not narrate the audience what the case of earthly concern ' s destruction cost, helium ' s forget a big question that is in their minds throughout the film. another problem is we never see anybody panicking. ace would imagine if the world was end, and thither was nothing to be done about information technology, a large segment of the universe would comprise going out of their minds. rather, we are treated to snapshot of a giant crowd partying similar it ' s unexampled year ' s eve. one only didn ' t purchase the fact that everyone had completely accepted their fate. no single had the urge to " rage against the demise of the light ". despite these little problems, " net nighttime " is one of the best pic of the year. as contradict to the moronic " armageddon ", " terminal nox " treats the subject at hand with maturity and believabilty. and bruce willis never register up to save the day. 