it might surprise some to know that book of joel and ethan coen, who have brought such unabated insaneness to our movie screens as " raising arizona " and " the hudsucker proxy, " made their feature celluloid debut with " blood simple, " a grim and often gruesome tarradiddle of revenge, execution, and literally black misconceptions in rural texas. it bears some resemblance, news report - wise, to the coens ' recent " fargo, " but even the darkly satirical mood and the agreeably quirky characterizations that characterized that film are scarce here; " parentage simpleton " is pretty much cold and brutal from beginning to end. the premise of " line simple " follow rattling just a tenuous variation on the measure love - triangulum / revenge scheme: squalid bar owner julian marty (dan hedaya) hires a shifting private tec (mebibyte. emmet walsh) to pour down his wife abby (frances mcdormand) and her illicit lover ray (john getz ). things start to survive haywire when walsh decides instead to fake the murder with photographic trickery but, upon collecting the money, becomes incertain as to whether or non marty is capable of keeping his sass shut about the dodging. to disclose any more than detail of the story would be to give away too much, but what ensues is a series of bloody (and i do mean bloody) confrontations, each triggered by one or more than characters misunderstanding what constitute in reality happening. every bit of violence or deception in this film makes sense when seen through the perpetrator ' s eyes, merely we, the audience, are made john to the " bounteous picture " and thusly can recognize that each misdeed be somehow either unnecessary or directed at the untimely somebody. this aspect of the story, along with the intense air of repulsion and brutality - ace gets the sense that if guns and, in unity case, digger, were not available, some of these characters would claw each other to death - are the about effective components of the movie. the coens might make do well to title the film " fear and loathing in tx. " some have judge " lineage simple as a modernistic - day noir, but, while single am not an expert on either musical genre, information technology seems more like a horror picture than anything else. the coens look a lot more interested in the plot twists and the atmosphere of confusion and paranoia than they do in the persona, and the final sequence is nothing more than than a showdown between the one (relatively) innocent graphic symbol and the only one of the murderers provide alive. that said, " blood simple " be a very respectable revulsion motion picture show; the fear and suspense hither are real. the coens besides add flock of quirky touches that nudge the weirdness meter upwards, such as when a character enters an empty elbow room and accidentally steps on a gun, discharging information technology as it skitters across the trading floor, or when a murder attack unfolds in a way such that abby mistakes her attacker for another character who has in fact been killed earlier in the film. that read, " blood simple " is non on the button flawless. for one thing, the motivations for the killings are still a little thin at times; i can understand that the characters had tracks to cover (or at least thought they did ), only i found information technology a trivial hard to accept that all of them would so quickly resort to slaying. and although they at least didn? t have anyone get hacked to death with a knife, the coens as well aren ' t quite resistant to horror platitude; they indulge in a prolonged dead - guy rope - seems - to - have - come - back - to - life history - but - then - we - find - out - it ' s - only - a - dream scene that had me rolling my middle. the moving picture show also ends so quickly after the final face off that i found myself wondering if they had but run knocked out of picture show. " blood bare " is not rather the chef d'oeuvre of neo - noir that many seem to intend it is, but it ' s a decent movie and it showcases the coens ' ability to address suspense and violence in a visceral but non - exploitative personal manner. i would firm recommend it to all " coen - head " every bit comfortably as anyone looking for something original in a thriller. 