this summertime, one of the most racially charged novel in john the divine grisham ' s series, a fourth dimension to defeat, was made into a major apparent motion picture. on january three of this twelvemonth, director rob reiner basically re - released the film under the title of touch of mississippi. base on the true narrative of 1963 civil rights leader medgar evars ' assassination, ghosts of mississippi revolves around the xxv - year legal struggle face by myrlie evars (whoopi goldberg, sister number) and her quest to have her husband ' s obvious assassin and racist byron de la beckwith (james woods, casino) jailed. so she bend to assistant district attorney and prosecuting officer bobby delaughter (alec james arthur baldwin, heaven ' s captive) to imprison the one time kkk penis. ghosts set its tone with an opening montage of images from african - american history, from slave - ship miseries to animation in the racist south of the 1960 ' second. only all too before long, the white folk take all over, intoning lines like " what ' s america get to do with anything? this is mississippi! " as beckwith, epistle of james woods, with his head embroider with latex most of the prison term as an erstwhile world, teeters between portraying evil and its character. in the meantime, goldberg turns in a rattling serious and weepy performance as the married woman who wouldn ' t let her husband ' s dying rest until she receive the strong belief. both merit serious academy award - consideration. this brings us to the ho hum execution of james arthur baldwin. army of the righteous ' s face it, trying to match st. matthew mcconaughey ' s wonderful acting in a time to vote out is fundamentally impossible. and baldwin equal living test copy of this, as no emotions could be felt. information technology seemed as if he in reality had to struggle to shed a single tear. either poor acting or poor directing, simply something definitely move wrong. another strange mishap was the fact that rube goldberg ' s facial features didn ' t change, as she front the like in the courtroom as she dress holding her husband ' s dead body twenty five - years in the first place. nevertheless sir henry wood ' was plastered with enough make astir to make him look comparable rube goldberg ' s father. at least the brand - up be realistic. with some emotional moment in the poorly write script, spook of mississippi lack in heart, when its predecessor, a time to kill, brought tear to everyone ' s eyes. don ' t start pine tree state wrong, the movie wasn ' thymine totally that high risk, but if you ' ve seen grisham ' s masterpiece, then wear ' t expect this one to be an splendid film. , 