us critic - type mass are e'er shaking our heads and telling everyone that movies aren ' t boot rides, only i suppose that " backward to the future two " is peerless of the few exceptions. if the original cinema make the spirit of the fifties, then this have the spirit of the 80s: wide of engagement; chase scenes; cliff hangers; special effects; some detective piece of work; and of course the vision of the high pitched - tech future. the movie picks up precisely where the first film left slay, with medico (lloyd ), marty (charles james fox ), and jennifer (elizabeth shue) travelling 30 years into the future, because something bad is going to happen to marty and jennifer ' s kids. doc tells marty he mustiness take his logos ' s place at an incident that will cause a mountain range reaction if marty mcfly jr. enjoin yes to griff (wilson - in one of four unlike roles ). whoever enjoin history tends to repeat itself wasn ' t joking, particularly when it comes to the film. essentially the same chase conniption that marty endured in the 50s takes place again in the year 2015, merely information technology ' s not as genuinely exciting this time because it is so plainly a spoof of itself. at the end of the situation marty have got changed the course of history for the good, and information technology look like everything ' s copesettic right? ill timed. since when do thing go according to plan in the " back to the futurity " movies? there are thus many small battle and details that effect the plot and the direction of the write up i won ' tonne even bother to list them all. basically we get to experience marty as an old man, his house, his household, etc. we also go back to an alternate 1985, and and so back again to 1955, with everything happening so tight the cinema never stops to catch a breath. the flick ' best view is the fact that it actually goes back to the first flick and read a lot of the military action that pass off from another angle. it ' s difficult to convey the good sense of crazy and zany fun without describing every footling item. the solitary thing give in this film is the suspense. or else of a grand finale, we set about lots of little victories. by the destruction everything is back to normal, but something bump that leads to as yet another sequel, but information technology doesn ' thyroxine seem gratuitous. " backward to the future part ii " be a in truth great adventure moving picture show. it sure enough has more originality than other films but it lacks a certain charm that was command throughout its herald. 