if you think baz luhrmann ' s radical take on _william_shakespeare ' s_romeo_ + _juliet_ be wild, wait until what you see what tony award - winning stage director julie taymor (_the_lion_king: _the_broadway_musical_) does to the bard ' s _titus_andronicus_ for her audacious - - and very bloody - - film debut. while luhrmann graft the star - crossed lovers to nineties florida, taymor keep this grisly tale of revenge in rome - - just places information technology in a surreal secular limbo. the colosseum evoke the right time of imperial roma, but high rise and heavy duty kitchen ovens suggest the 1990s, while the vintage machine and some costume are more ' forty and ' l, and other garments be more gladiator - like. as tamora, queen of goths (jessica lange) exacts revenge on r.c. general epistle of paul the apostle to titus (anthony anthony hopkins) for wipe out her eldest son, and he fare the same to her for the wrong she commit, taymor obviously wanted to express the timeless relevance of the story ' s underlying themes. still, the time convergence approach only mold at times, for often information technology ' s only distracting, as in one scene where tamora ' s suviving son (matthew rhys and jonathan rhys meyers) waste slay steam playing video arcade games. taymor didn ' t have to fall back to such avant garde time tricks, for the story would let resonated just as strongly make she jettisoned them. she is a strong storyteller and a master key visual styler, the latter compliment encompassing all orbit, war paint and costume choices as well as those in the editing and photography department. she besides has a sure style with actors; hopkins ' titus be at once tragical and horrifying, and dorothea lange is sultry as the viperous tamora. the clear standout of the cast, however, is harry lennix as aaron, a moor who be tamora ' s unavowed lover and a schemer in his ain right. lennix brings with child astuteness to a office that could have easily been play as a malcolm stock villain. a neat villain he indeed is, just to leave it at that isn ' tetraiodothyronine afford full justice to his powerful and multi - dimensional study. _titus_ isn ' t a complete achiever, but information technology be ne'er less than fascinating, and it announces the arrival of a intrepidly imaginative modern cinematic voice. 