modernistic audiences be to a greater extent likely to be familiar with les misirables from the pop - broadway musical rather than superior victor marie hugo ' s original tome. adjust various time for the cinema, this latest effort get along a superb problem of translating the characters, taradiddle, and heart and soul of the novel to the screen. liam neeson stars as jean valjean. as a young military man, valjean stole some cabbage to satisfy his hungriness. .. and he was condemn to 19 years of hard labor for his law breaking. prison harden him, and on his release he seems doomed to a life of offence and squalor. however, an unexpected routine of compassion changes his expectation on life, and helium vow to suit a better man. however, he runs upwardly against one world who doesn ' t believe in reform. inspector javert (geoffrey rush) live an obsessive constabulary abider. he has no tolerance for anyone who crack the rules, even with benignant intentions. atomic number 2 once served as a sentry duty at the travail cantonment where valjean served, and after valjean breaks his password, javert devotes himself to make for him to justice. 2 cleaning woman also receive caught up in the struggle. fantine (uma thurman) is an unwedded mother suffocating in an unappeasable guild. her daughter, cosette (mimi paul newman, and later, claire dane ), be her spirit, yet she cannot afford to raise her. rather, cosette is institutionalise to live with a cruel foster family which extorts money from fantine, and force play cosette into a biography little better than a slave. director bille lordly manages to create a faithful version of victor hugo ' s novel, which, though omitting some of the political undercurrent, persist truthful to the overall story and quality of the book. hopefully you make headway ' t, as some clueless member of the audience did, wonder where wholly the songs go. the movie deal to be whole engrossing without the saint andrew lloyd webber flourishes. the experience is bolstered by potent functioning throughout, though neeson and rush deservedly shoot center phase with their core roles. neeson in particular deserves kudos for his portrayal of a world stress to do good, but continually haunted by his past times. the tolerate cast be also extraordinary. the only doer world health organization dim in comparison is hans matheson, playing the revolutionary, marius. the film slightly drop off it luster during his brief love affaire, but it equal transitory, and truly only if distracting when contrast with the rest of the picture. the refreshing les misirables is, by any account, an epic poem, both in it oscilloscope and in it duration. while it would be about out of the question to jam everything from its pages into a ii time of day film, this latest attack does an admirable job at the translation. it, as well, is an epic. .. and one charles frederick worth construe. 