kirk little giant is unmatchable of those rare american actors who can say more with a simple glance than most can say with pages of dialogue. all he have to do is look at somebody with a bring up eyebrow, and you instantly know what he ' s cerebration. " detective story " feature one of kirk douglas ' s finest performance. he star as a new york detective that has his unharmed creation fall aside in nonpareil night. the film be based on a play, and this is quite evident, as most of the movie use up station in the unrivalled - way flat that the investigator ' s oeuvre in. the film opens with the douglas character get ready to go dwelling house to his wife, but through a serial of events, helium ne'er quite makes information technology on that point. the bulk of the movie follows the case of a man list schneider, a operating surgeon who routinely execute abortions with a gamy fatality pace. however, this schneider character make a connection in the past tense of douglas ' s wife; a connexion douglas himself be not mindful of. many secrets are bring out in the last half minute of this film. secrets i would non woolgather of giving away. with a name like " detective story ", one would assume the motion picture show would resemble an installment of " nypd blue ", but it doesn ' t quite an study ko'd that means. however, we do see stephen arnold douglas at work on a few other cases throughout the running prison term. lee ulysses s. grant (most unrecognizable) encounter a meek judaic woman arrested for shoplifting. her scenes with bendix, another police detective, provide the moving picture with a few laugh. the performance all some are fantastic. stephen a. douglas may make up the drawing card of this ensemble, but atomic number 2 ' s not the center of attention completely the time. we get to catch a glimpse into early case and other detectives mold on those fount. which brings me back to little giant. he has a real emotional scene towards the end of the picture that actually make you feel for him. we can see that this is a man who has spent his whole life trying to eliminate crime, but hold finally pull in that what atomic number 2 ' s really arrange is get back up at his criminal father. how helium handles coming to terms with this is something really worth seeing. kirk douglas is the kind of actor we assume ' t seem to see to much of these days: atomic number 2 ' s a rugged guy, but the human component be never hidden too profoundly underneath that curmudgeonly outside. 