no human beings be harm, tested or tasted in the making of this photographic film. all recipes are fiction. 20th century fox does not excuse cannibalism. a psychological thriller that bequeath scare you to the astuteness of your soul! theatre director / writer antonia bird shows us that the well nigh terrific horror is not provide by giant beasts, but instead by teras lurking in ourselves.. ". . they be a party of settlers in covered wagon times and they have to resent to cannibalism in order to ride out alive. . " this true storey, briefly mentioned in " the shining ", consume no turned into a 143 minutes long movement pictorial matter. in 1847, the united states personify a demesne of pioneers, of gold - starved american english take a shit their way benjamin west. it be a period of plain destiny, the inevitableness of the country extending its boundaries, stretch out come out of the closet information technology arms and consuming altogether the land information technology could. capt. st. john the apostle boyd (guy pearce) have become both a " hero " and a victim during this time period of unrelenting consumption. .. in room he could never have imagined. boyd ' s journey to hell begins when helium is awarded for an act of cowardliness during a horrific mexican - american war battle bring in him banishment to a desolate military outpost, a waystation for western travelers in the barren and icy sierra nevada passel in calif.. upon his arrival he is greeted by a small, piebald group of soldiers, including his commanding officer, lorenz hart (jeffrey jones ), a antecedently intelligent and sophisticated man who has lost his blue blooded origin in the heating plant of battle and has pretty much given up on life; toffler (jeremy davies ), the fort ' s personal emissary to the godhead; knox (stephen spinella ), the veterinarian that plays doctor of the church, who never met a bottle of whisky he didn ' t like; reich (neal mcdonough ), the no - nonsense soldier of the group; and the seriously " over - medicate " cleaves (david arquette ), a cook whose meals are inspired more by peyote than culinary ambitions. into this cold, bare and bizarre world reel a stranger, colqhoun (robert carlyle ), a half - hunger scot world health organization had be traveling with a group of settlers until they became snowbound. seeking refuge in a cave, they soon run out of food - and be forced to have one another. colqhoun scantily escaped becoming an hors d ' oeuvre himself. our heroes then decide to travel done the mountains to find the survivors, and colqhoun tags along to avail out. soon it becomes clear that colqhoun ' s narration has branching beyond cannibalism and the leave to last. it call for an former indian myth called weendigo, which states that a man who eats the flesh of another bargain that person ' s persuasiveness, smell and rattling essence. his hunger become an insatiate craving: the more atomic number 2 eat on, the more he wants, and the solid helium becomes. there can never equal decent, and last is the only escape.. it ' s all clean sickening and you give to have a healthy stomach to get a line the unhurt movie through. as professionally make as the film be, you have to wonder who they thought would come piling into the theater to see this. teen - geezerhood horror fans gain ground ' t caution because none of the soldiers expect remotely like neve campell. older phratry power show up when they hear that the movie is actually a sarcasm about the trailblazer feeling, but they ' ll be disappointed once all the raw heart starts getting beckon in their look. only jokes aside, this is a film that is advantageously deserving look out. it suffer wonderful and fledged characters, that few repulsion film due south hind end boast of and a strangely effective story that continues to wire you till the end. the two main fibre are also the about interesting. boyd is a unproblematic, reliable man tiered of state of war, wipe out and fear. his hallowed wishing is to exist a normal, quite life away from powder and rakehell. colqhoun be different. he raise that a man, on the brink of decease, would coif anything to ride out alive, admit sacrificing his own soul. atomic number 2 conceive so much in this indian myth that he starts to change physically. it is the power of the human mind and strong belief that make miracles bump. the atmosphere in " wolfish " is grisly and bizarre, scarey and surreal. completely isolated from the eternal rest of the world, stands fort herbert spencer. hither time stands still, and null changes. the inhabitants are soldiers driven by state of war and swag. they represent all somehow losers of guild that have been ban - - men that are used to killing and own not do anything else in their intact life. men that be null, and make nothing to loose. the result be some sort of cabin fever. cannibalism represent more like a brainsick secret plan for them. since they find no pleasure in keep, they encounter some excitement in killing and dying. it ' s corresponding " world health organization ' due south going to die first off? " the unchangeable icy landscape painting, where birds do not sing and even roll doesn ' t move the leave on the trees, resembles kubrick ' s " the shine ". it ' s severely to not obtain mad here! one of the shivery aspects of the moving picture is a unknown connecter that the viewer establishes with the characters, and starts to understand them, although they have turned into half crazed orca. euphony represent another factor that strengthens the atmosphere. a strange musical score, frame by michael nyman (the piano) and damon albarn, that often seems out of place, and in complete contrast to the mental image, someway reflect the characters ' twisted reactions on the world and their position. the director herself stated that information technology was " okay to express joy " during the picture. and i must accommodate that it is often very laughable, in a unknown way (such as the rattling quotation: ". . it ' mho lonely personify a cannibal. you don ' t contract that many booster. .. " or when colqhoun is cite ben benjamin franklin, saying " eat to live. don ' t live to use up. " ). merely mostly it be frightening and offend as it goes deeply into the mind of these strange men and we see their psychological change. every actor does a neat line of work. especially robert thomas carlyle as the sinister and intelligent anthropophagite, and guy pearce as the moral and honest soldier, peck by his undeserved honor. this strange couple resemble lestat and lois in neil hashemite kingdom of jordan ' s ' consultation with the lamia '. actually in that location are many amusing parallels and connections to vampire motion picture show, since the topic are so likewise. " wolfish " starts toppingly and continue to shock and scare until it obtain to the finale, where it looses focus and cause too rude and rather oil production. however these little failures put on ' t fall the picture. this comprise a bizarre night comedy about the human mind and its variety in dissimilar situations. information technology is a shivery fable about the monster that skulk in everyone ' s soul, a non white side which we ' re all sample to enshroud - - but information technology ' sulfur there - - e'er. it be one of the most frightening and successful repulsion flick since " the skin ". ". . i say no intellectual nourishment. i didn ' t say at that place be nothing to feed. .. " - colqhoun, ravenous 