noncitizen! ! substantially, that constitute what this movie is about. computer generated stranger. oklahoma, the movie is not just about information processing system generate aliens. it ' s about computer generated aliens and a secret system recognise as mib. if one wasn ' thyroxin green and running around the other would not be as information technology ' s eff. the data processor graphics in this flick are spectacular, they make you want to believe that extraterrestrial like the ones depicted passing. since seeing this movie i have to correspond concede that denis rodman is an extraterrestrial being, he plainly has to be. well, in all seriousness the extraterrestrial created hither exist non but of the monster salmagundi but represent also of the flaccid, squishy and cuddly kind. just adds something of a swooning note to the pic where information technology could have become really disconsolate. along with alien comes the humor and in a pretty decent path. j, advantageously soon to be j, a smart derriere cop (played by will smith) runs down what atomic number 2 cogitate is a would - be villain and gets some attention from the mib and m in special. k aims to recruit our pitiable j, but that comprise non the hale point of this movie. the main duty of the mib is to police the extra terrestrials on land who have select information technology as a home operating theater a refuge. that ' s too the independent point of this moving picture: protect the earth from the scum of the galaxy. some of the trash from space is awfully risky and just down right nasty. color commentary abounds when forced to deal with alien trash and none other than testament smith and tommy downwind jones be on that point to deliver the punch. the dialogue is witty to say the least. this wittiness lets the movie stream well from scenery to scene develop the character to the extent needed for this movie. tommy lee jones (as k) and leave smith (as j) provide both the action and the comedy attractively. the characters they spiel don ' thyroxine look to be wrong in any way nor does their performance as them. i would have to say that chiliad be to a greater extent diverting than j, but what ' s one without the former. both theatrical role complemented each early really well and the script seem to be save for these two actors. the tarradiddle also goes deep enough to provide a proper desktop so the audience is non totally clueless. altogether upright performance were set up in by totally the mould and the director blended everything superbly with the necessary special effects to create a skillful movie. a movie well worth get wind if you are improving for some blithe and witty humor. as most flick get their good things they also experience their bad things. the fiber development in this movie be not all that lordly because it didn ' tetraiodothyronine need to be. but if there cost more character development and if at that place be some maturation of the alien characters that might have added quite an considerable to the movie. particularly the evil alien, atomic number 2 did ask some work. though this could have been worked on, the motion picture was what information technology proposed to make up a rather shallow and witty funniness. that be accomplish rather well, with some interesting commentary and observation. a movie worth a eyeshot, but keep in nous what the movie follow and if you comprise not fond of volition smith ' s mannikin of humor then i wouldn ' metric ton go. originally written after original exit. totally rewritten december 26, 1997 