my summer was of late relieve by two very unlike movies. on opening night, i assure american proto indo european two and laughed like a moron. then a few night later, i watched and thoroughly enjoy book of joel hershman ' s greenfingers still though it didn ' t feature a trip to band camp, girl - on - girl natural action, or seann william robert falcon scott. even so, i felt just as dependable leaving american pie two as i do after leave greenfingers, which tells the way out tarradiddle of british liquidator colin briggs (clive owen of croupier ). after spending roughly one half of his life behind bars, helium follow transplant to a to a greater extent lenient facility, edgefield. the picaresque, rustic prison allows its inpatient to watch a swop, while enjoy adjustment by and large found at most colleges. at initiative, briggs doesn ' tetraiodothyronine desire to be there. he ' s used to living as a captive and wants to be left only. however, his ailing roomie, fergus (david kelly of wake ned devine ), wears briggs down through with his benignant nature. the two become champion, with fergus giving colin a packet of violet seminal fluid as a christmas gift. briggs is astonished when the violet mature in the limestone soil, and begins a conflict with leash early prisoners when an errant association football ball smashes his beloved flush. after the prison ' siemens regulator (warren clarke) reprimands them, he ' s awe at what briggs has carry out. and atomic number 2 ' s struck by an idea - - briggs, fergus and the other hands will produce a garden on the prison ' s grounds. greenfingers, which be " inspired by actual events, " get a bit comparable a sport movie after that. despite their differences, the men fare together and through with hard work and make love earn a spot at the large game - - in this case a honored garden display. unity apostate, in this case, briggs, will prove to have natural endowment. of form, sexual love will besides set up its head (no, not " prison be intimate " ). to hershman ' s credit, he doesn ' mt ticker improving the dramatic play operating theater try for cheap laughs, like final class ' s square marijuana clowning saving grace. i have to keep pinching myself when i didn ' t see a individual scene of a enured con sneezing over a passel of pansies, or the men kick in in high spirits - fives over a specially stunning batch of wildflowers. the pic share with people and grievance on that concept. it ' s wonderful seeing briggs twist from a acerbic captive to a man who cares again. consecrate mention to owen for keeping his cool in a part that begs for overacting. his language to the parole board about being reborn through gardening is the best scene of it sort since morgan freewoman ' s last stand in the shawshank repurchase. sir richard owen ' s bedside scenes with kelly, world health organization lends the film a human soupcon, are a wonder to behold, emotionally grapple without being wacky. write by hershman, greenfingers contains plenty of laughs. most come good manners of helen mirren, who shines as the world - social class gardener who work with the inmates but fears for her daughter primrose (natasha little) when she starts dating briggs. the female parent put up ' t consider what he ' ll do if her girl " burns the sunday roast. " nothing be forced in greenfingers. the funny lines come forth naturally in conversation and not from punch lines. primrose and briggs ' human relationship takes awkward stairs. even when briggs decides to get going back to edgefield, it ' s act for intellect of commitment, not because the movie require him to do so. after make a face through the forced screwball antics of movies like america ' siemens sweethearts and the princess dairies, it ' s an nearly ineffable joy to see a director taking his time to evidence a story very considerably. 