notting mound ' s preview is awful: a laughless, schmaltzy collage. the moving picture show was urgently marketed to the anti - phantom menace gang, the like unbeloved females world health organization ignored the love letter. and information technology apparently worked. perhaps the presence of julia roberts - whose allure beyond those perfect teeth still escapes me - had a caboodle to serve with notting hill ' s opening weekend success, but the film ' second staying power be based on word of oral cavity. leave me to spread some more upright bombilation for notting hill. grant stars as william thacker, a travel - bookstore owner world health organization works and resides in a midget english dominion called notting hill. into his workshop unity day wanders famous actress anna scott (henry m. robert ). a common thief, some spilled orange tree succus, and some hokey conversation contribute to their foremost, highly madcap (surgery is that improbable? ), kiss. sidereal day later on, william sneaks into her hotel cortege nether the guise of a magazine journalist, and so start a passionate, albeit surreptitious, affair. ( aside: notting hill ' s portrayal of pressure junkets is virulent accurate. ) only anna ' s celebrity - beaver state william ' s deficiency thereof - threatens to force a wedge between them. richard curtis get tapped into phantasy we all stimulate considered, and for at least its maiden half - hour the picture ' s " beauty and the brute " - same scenario be (romantic) escape of the highest order. as with groundhog day or pleasantville, while ascertain the high - construct funniness notting hill one constantly imagines him / herself in the lead; information technology ' s william ' s ordinaryness that entices the spoiled and blase anna. curtis (who previously penned foursome weddings and a funeral) is also smart enough to know that the unlikely brace ' s situation be not enough to fuel two time of day ' worth of entertainment, so some of notting hill ' s ok moments go around around william ' s eccentric friends and family line. by now, costly reader, you ' ve in all probability heard a lot about rhys ifans ' performance as william ' s imbecilic cymric flatmate. yes, atomic number 2 ' s a crowd pleaser, a walk sight laugh, but his character is not nearly as involving as the wheelchair - boundary (and befittingly named) bella (mckee, the anguished waitress of naked) or max (tom mcinnerny ), her stinking chef of a married man. in the movie ' s best sequence, william, anna, and company sit around bloated from max ' due south belated concoction and hold a competition: the last brownie on the table move to the diner with the saddest life history. the scene ends only when as a british writer would end it. if anything, fantastic bits same these dull the principal plot of land ' s dramatic impact. roberts and concession, specially, are appealing, but their relationship is convolutedly interrupted likewise many time (four weddings ' stand similar flaws ), and william and anna ultimately but have one thing in common: they ' re lonely. ( deserving noting in oral roberts ' and grant ' s party favor: the ubiquitous " i ' m just a missy, standing across from a boy, asking him to love her " episode is not nearly so syrupy as it appears in clips, and it features some of the best emoting either worker has e'er done. ) notting hill follow nonetheless enjoyable; on the ocular side of things, i especially appreciated michell ' s playful changing - of - the - seasons number. if only (and this is a surprisinly minor gripe) he hold trim off the egregious epilog; for a story that thrives on what we bring to information technology, the filmmakers work too heavy to tidy things upwardly, leave our imaginations in the lurch. 