leonardo da vinci decaprio (what ' s eating gilbert grape) and claire danes (tv ' s my so called life) star in conductor baz luhrmann ' s modernized version of william shakespeare ' s classic, romeo & juliet. surrounded by a superb supporting cast, in - cluding paul sorvino (goodfellas ), brian dennehy (tommy boy ), pete poslethwaite (the common sus - pects) and john leguizamo (executive decision ), decaprio and dane shine throughout the motion picture show. the story starts off at a throttle place, where the " montague boys " meet the " capulet boy " and square away with unity another. symbolizing the brand of william shakspere ' s day were their weapons, similar the " tuck - 9mm " or the " longsword - scattergun. " instead of kill each early right away, they shoot around, just like in sword combat of old. another great matter about the film embody the performance of harold perrineau as romeo ' s best friend. mercutio, world health organization in shakespeare ' s novel was quite a scantling, was portrayed as an afri - can - american cross - toilet table whose violent na - ture, comprise a definite addition. miriam margoyles, a virtually unknown actress cost astounding as juliet ' s nurse, still though she was never given a name. she be the lone one who could keep juliet out of her fantasy man. verona exist the home of the rival families in shakspere ' s variation, only slightly changed in luhrmann ' mho. nowadays known as verona beach, the capulet ' atomic number 16 (led by sorvino) and montague ' southward (led by dennehy) are at once rival corporate dynasties. and their little sept skirmishes were now huge gang war. one slight problem with the motion picture show was the difficulty to apprehend the dialogue, since it embody spoken in previous english. sub - title could stimulate helped in the beginning of the pic, just toward the end, it become easier to understand. this first class movie poses another prob - lunar module: what musical genre is it? romeo & juliet contains so much dramatic event, yet decent comedy and activity to be placed in either of those categories. with the same laurels - winning recipe that was used by quentin tarantino in reservoir dogs and flesh fiction, romeo & juliet is a sure blast modern chef d'oeuvre. , 