we all cognize the destiny of " child ' s play, " which is the same for almost any motion picture these solar day that do marginally comfortably financially: sequel hell. with the newest installment in the quasi - popular series currently out (that would be " bride of chucky " - and information technology gross 11 million in its opening weekend, which i think is the planetary house of the apocalypse number five ), it ' s kinda fun to go back and interpret how it all began rougly ten years ago with the original, a task which is a retread for some, and for others (namely myself) a fortune to see what all the fuss exist about. ala, the original " child ' s child's play " actually isn ' liothyronine that defective. even realize it in the tiny, claustrophobic, and mechanically - challenged theatre at my college wasn ' t the horribly dull experience unity thought it would be, not just because of the nicely rowdy crowd (which you well nigh need to watch a film like this - and if you don ' mt believe pine tree state, try and watch this flick by yourself one day ), but because as a whole, this isn ' t a bad movie. it ' s not great, but it does take two thing that many horror films like this ane don ' t have: 1) a sooner nifty premise, and 2) a sense of humor, both which save this from horror hell, which is precisely where, say, " i know what you did last summertime " have got recently gone. the premise of " child ' s swordplay " is that a serial killer named charles lee ray (brad douriff) is shot and almost killed by a chicago hard - seethe detective (chris surrandon - see what happens to some oscar nominees? ), and before he dies, utters a fetich chant that sends his soul directly into a tyke ' s doll call chucky, a doll which has got to be the scariest - looking kid ' s doll i ' ve ever seen. the side by side day, a bum who ' s stolen it sell it to individual - female parent karen barclay (catherine hicks ), world health organization then gives it to her new son andy (alex vincent) for his birthday. of course chucky begins blab out to the kid and trying to find a way of life to set about out of the doll, but sealed twists come upward. like the guy he learned voodoo from reveals to him that the only way to break the curse is to take over the organic structure of the world class person he tell helium be inside the bird, that being andy. and soon enough, chucky is kill people either for revenge or for what seems like fun, and people be strike that chucky isn ' t just a kiddie skirt one and only by matchless. the idea is a straight unrivaled, ripe for lots of comic terror, and luckily information technology utlizes a lot of that. information technology plays with an melodic theme slip from a classic looney toons short that when someone knows that chucky is live, they tell hoi polloi about it, only when atomic number 2 tries to prove themselves, chucky do nothing, and everyone thinks they ' re crazy. it plays with this, as comfortably as the unscathed nipper - like thinking that dolls and toys come to biography, and even manages to cram in a couple truly fearsome consequence. even if there ' s an entire sequence devoted to commonplace (a woman alone in a house hears a noise, blend in to inquire it, and finds nothing, but postponement for the kicker a 2d later on! ), there ' s besides a harrowing car ride with chucky trying to stab the detective from the back seat, and then essay to attack him when the car finally crashes, leave the viewer with at least preferably visceral exprience. the terminate is instead fun, equally well, albeit a tad excessively drawn - out (about four different endings, maybe five ), and the quality are more intelligent than the average horror cinema line - up, establish them well fixed to sympathize with. if thither ' s one horrible matter astir many horror films, it ' s that the protagonists are morons world health organization you can ' t help only shout obscenities at, and for the most part, " child ' s play " bullock forth from that. and most of all, the chucky character be a good unitary, non just because he provides instant comic relief (looking! that dame ' s moving on its own! ), but because he ' s a broadly scary character. if there ' s anything really wrong with " nipper ' s bid, " it ' s that it ' s too stock and has besides less self admiration. at almost ninety minutes, " child ' s play " feature way too to a lesser extent to be a material classic of horror. it throws itself into a dewy eyed three human activity set - up that renders it quick and well nigh forgettable if information technology weren ' t for the fact that the flick deals with a psychotic chick. if the film had more assurance in what it was presenting, it would rattling agitate the envelope and go even more than just a unforesightful bit of horror escapism, which follow precisely why this kind of film is only memorable as a cheap little horor plastic film. .. which international relations and security network ' t necessarily a bad matter. as such, " child ' s play " is contented to be just the unforesightful, typical horror film, but saves itself via a sense of humour and a nice quasi - campy look that makes it much more enjoyable than the average short, typical horror film. 