with 3 pre - to mid - teen children and an get on father - in - law to deal for - - cooking and cleanup and laundry, drop - offs at little league practice and pick - ups from ballet pattern - - margaret hall ' s life is rife with complicatedness. and with her naval policeman husband stationed somewhere in the north atlantic, nearly impossible to get through by telephone set, margaret leads the crazed liveliness of a single parent. just margaret ' s hectic world is about to get a lot to a greater extent complicated. her teenage son beau, a gifted trumpet player with strong prospect of being take over into wesleyan university ' s medicine broadcast, has fallen in with the unseasonable crowd. his female parent drives from their idyllic, lakeside community of tahoe city, golden state to the straggly urban city of reno, nevada, with its imposing concrete superstructure and seedy neon - lit nightclubs, to confront the 30 - something man who have befriended beau. " ride out away from my boy " margaret warns darby reese. her password, however, appear to flow on deaf ear as reese turn up drunk at the household homestead later that even out, exhort beau to join him in the boathouse. there are words and advances and some promote and shoving and beau run back into the star sign, passed his startled mother, as the cracking of a wooden rail giving way of life breaks the cold blueness silence and an intoxicated reese tumbles proscribed of peck. the following daytime, on her morning pass, margaret discovers reese ' s lifeless body lying wrinkle on the shoreline, a sauceboat anchor transfix in his chest. with her enate inherent aptitude work overtime, margaret quickly ferries the body out into the lake, weighs it grim, and dumps information technology overboard. just margaret ' s life is about to get a lot more complicated. soon after the body is find, snagged on a local fisher ' s line, margaret is yield a sojourn by an attractive - appear blackmailer in a red nova. alek spera threatens to hand over compromising videotape of young man to the constabulary unless margaret comes up with $ 50, 000 by 4 type o ' clock the side by side day. but margaret ' s life represent about to pose a lot more complicated, for alek turn out to live something she never expected. establish on elisabeth sanxay hold ' s novel " the dummy wall, " " the deep death " is a well - crafted thriller written and directed by robert falcon scott mcgehee and david siegel (" suture " ). information technology makes the near of a talented but not particularly well - known cast - - goran visnjic plays alek with a smooth likeability, jonathan tucker shines as the conflicted beau, tool donat is divert as grandpa hall, and josh george lucas has an equally small but effective role as the hapless darby reese. the motion picture is also lovingly photographed by giles nuttgens and boast an evocative sexual conquest, good manners peter nashel. just it owes everything to british actress tilda swinton. swinton, whose pale - faced ethereal stunner has graced many of derek jarman ' s films (" caravaggio, " " edward ii, " " the last of england " ), plays margaret hall in " the deep final stage " and, like charlotte rampling in this year ' s " under the guts, " call on in a commanding and accomplished performance. margaret is a devoted female parent world health organization is willing to risk everything to protect the ones she loves, and swinton captures every foiling, every fright, every subtle examen and every fervent realization and every nervous oscillation of her being. the theatrical role calls for an extremely wide range of emotions none the least of which be only play a mother beset with a mass of domestic responsibilities. many can relate to that, of course; it ' s the murder cover - upwardly and the blackmail and the fear of fall behind one ' s boy that swinton so graciously, so graciously, makes resonate with the truest of color. the end is deep all right, and thither isn ' t a individual shallow moment in tilda swinton ' s canon. 