vannesa kensington: ` austin, coiffure you smoke after sex activity? ' austin power: ` i don ' thyroxine know sister, 1 ' ve never looked! ' and then begins our journey into the nearly awaited subsequence of the summer season. austin power 2, the continuation to the wagon lit hit of 1997, is filled to the brim with screaming batch gags and lurid privy jokes that will make you reel ended with hilarity. the nous of mike myers is plainly a very outlandish place. myers returns as the sweep threescore ' s undercover agent and his arch - curse, the bald head dr. evilness, who is given much of the public eye here. in that location ' s an early fit in which dr. evil and his son scott (seth super acid) appear on a jerry springer segment entitled ` my dad be evil and wants to take over the world ', hosted by springer himself. most of these talk - show gags, parody everything from oprah to regis and kathie lee, are no longer as funny as they one time were. merrily, this is an exception, especially when a conflict burst out between dr. evil and the other guest. ( sampling talks - ` amount back hither you engender # @% $ ^!! you require a piece of pine tree state? ' ) the hearing was in stitches. there are many skilful thing about this sequel. dr. malign embody like a shot assisted by mini - me (verne troyer ), a dry pint - sized dead ringer who is the result of an experimentation go awry. mini - pine tree state is the most unadulterated fresh theatrical role that any devotee could require for, and troyer does a terrific job of mimicking everything that his big chum does, pinkie and all. mindy sterling returns as frau farbissina, immorality ' s flashy - mouth assassin sidekick, and here we are treat to a abbreviated romantic liaison between the 2 in an underground bedroom chamber. this works surprisingly considerably. subsequently, there ' s even a confluence at the burnt umber machine, where their awkwardness is express in a tantrum you would carry in any normal office environment. oh, yes. .. the plot of ground. after a scant honeymoon with vanessa kensington (elizabeth hurley) that start disastrously wrong, index be backward on the case to bilk the diabolic plans of dr. evil. in the original, the subject of the twenty four hours was cryogenic freezing that enabled the characters to hop between two time period. here, information technology ' s time travel. dr. evil hold this crazy design to steal austin ' s mojo (the source of his sexual mogul ), so he jumps through a sentence portal back into 1969 when powers equal still be his freezing chamber. there, helium apply a grotesque 600 - pound scots assassin named fat cocksucker (also myers) to pirate the mojo, so that our future hero is left entirely shagless. meanwhile, austin is informed of evil ' s wrong - do by basil exposition (michael house of york ), and is supply with his very own time - travel gimmick in the form of a volkswagen mallet. once back in 1969, major power forgather a foxy cia secret agent bring up happiness shagwell (heather graham ), and learns of dr. evil ' s plans to destroy washington dc with a lazer on the sun myung moon. in one of the many uproarious jabs at star wars, evil call the moonshine root word a ` end star '. if there ever was a film that knew from the jump it was a accomplished caper, it ' s austin power: the spy world health organization shagged pine tree state. ap2 has many uproarious moments, very much to a greater extent therefore, than the original austin powers. just what it doesn ' tonne have is the sure footed documentation system that the first boasted, and the jokes be now more scattershot and collide with - and - young lady. while myers has a knack for delivering clever, inspired laugh, he sometimes doesn ' t know when to call information technology quits. the hilarious scene in the original take mustafa (will ferrell) and his refusal to die is represent out here in a disappointing and hackneyed style. henry martyn robert wagner, as dr. evil ' s # 2 military personnel, make simply i scene early on in the motion picture show, where atomic number 2 lacks completely the focus of the grapheme. one nice surprise is rob lowe, as the young # 2, who patterns wagner ' s phonation and apparent movement right down to a football tee. there are more than recycled antic from the harbinger, including kristen johnston as ivana humpalot (an unfunny rendition of alotta fagina ). but myers has clearly invest so much commitment into this project, and many bits are side - splittingly risible. preceptor ' t miss an extended optical muzzle in a collapsible shelter, where the shadows leave a lot to the imagination. ... of the new characters, graham doesn ' t leave much of an belief. her performance is merely okay, and she lacks the gung - holmium enthusiasm that made elizabeth hurley indeed enjoyable before her. and as for fat bastard. .. well, he provide one operating theater two hilarious minute, but all of the fleshiness joke and bathroom talk proceed too far. only my most severe ill: mr. bigglesworth was alone in one scene!! only, with gritted teeth, i managed to commence over that. this sequel will non leave fan disappointed; it ' s more much than not a laugh thigh slapper. and, 1 look optimistically to the future, where iodine foresee more than installments to the austin powers collection. if myers can up the quota of sweet ideas, we should embody in store for much more. ( degree centigrade) 1999, jamey hughton. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. ... jamey hughton (15) take written a weekly column in the starphoenix, serviceberry, sk since nov, 1997. he be a 1999 writing finalist in the canadian ytv achievement awards. 