melvin avant garde peebles ' " sweet sweetback ' s baadasssss song dynasty " was a watershed moment in the history of american cinema and the black movement. it be release less than a decade after the polite rights movement consume begun and nigh twenty geezerhood before the rodney king incident. it violent and highly sexualized revenge tale of a macho black hustler fighting rearward against white oppressiveness and winning was something that have never been seen on an american movie sieve before. in style, content, and how it be conceived and produced, " sweet sweetback " was a cinematic revolution, whether or non one match with its subject matter. van peebles, a fatal american world health organization first gained credit by writing novels in france, build up " sweet sweetback " from the ground up almost exclusively by himself. because no studio apartment would dare fund such a picture show, he be forced to raise wholly the money himself. the moving picture ended up costing astir $ 500, 000, part of which was put up by none other than banknote cosby. van peebles cut cost by rent non - union labor and taking on most of the film ' due south responsibility himself. he publish the script, score the music, redact and direct the moving picture show, as easily as starred in the central office. he live besides a magnificent entrepreneur who always recover a way to make an extra buck. for instance, when the mppa slapped the motion picture show with a fearful x - rating, van peebles not only if threaten to bring a lawsuit against jackstones valenti and the mpaa, but he also modernize a little marketing scheme: he coined the set phrase " rated x by an all - white jury, " which he put on the movie posters to help advertise the film. atomic number 2 also printed the phrasal idiom on tee - shirts which he had no trouble marketing. the storyline in " sweet sweetback " be misleadingly simple. it takes place in los angeles, and avant garde peebles stars as the form of address character, a tough male floozie of few words who grew up in a whorehouse, and makes money by suffice what atomic number 2 does best: having sex. one day, he agrees to go with a distich of genial white copper downwardly to the place to make water it look like they ' re bringing in suspects on a politically - charged case imply murder. nevertheless, on the way to the station the pig get a untried black revolutionary list mu - mu (hubert scurf ), who they carry on to beat viciously. acting out of thoroughgoing impulse rather than political motivation, sweetback fights rearwards and work over the cops to the threshold of destruction. the rest of the moving picture follows sweetback as he evade the cops on his way to eventual flight in united mexican states. although the repetition of watching sweetback run gets a trivial old by the end of the motion picture show, this plot permit van peebles ' camera to drift the darker incline of l. a. - the ghettos, alleys, and back - street bawdyhouse that other films had always overlooked. vanguard peebles ' entire point in do the movie be to secure on celluloid a vision of the black experience in america that early filmmakers have ignored. at the source of " sweet sweetback, " he offers this epigraph, which be a traditional prologue used in medieval times when a messenger impart bad news: " sire, these lines be non an homage to brutality that the creative person has invented, but a hymn from the mouth of world. .. " van peebles want to hit sure that his vision was unrivaled of reality, non of exaggeration. of course, with today ' s copiousness of rap and pelvis hops music that sing the same ode to black interior - city life, as well as photographic film by spike lighthorse harry lee, john singleton, and the howard hughes brothers, " sweet sweetback " doesn ' t seem all that revolutionary. it is important to remember that this film mustiness be viewed in the context and sentence period of time in which it follow make. at that fourth dimension, " sweet sweetback " was then controversial that only if ii theaters in the intact united states would play it. distributer were petrified of a motion picture that, in van peebles ' words, throw the bleak audience " a chance to see some of their ain fantasies acted kayoed - about rising out of the clay and kicking fuck. " of course of instruction, once it caught on, information technology caught on bountiful. " sweet sweetback " is now considered to be the film that kick off the blaxploitation earned run average, although van peebles disassociates " sweetback " from other picture show corresponding " shaft " (1972) and " the mackintosh " (1973 ), because those were financed by big hollywood studio. " sweet sweetback " is likewise the only picture show deemed mandatory wake by the black felis onca. however, even if when see from an african - american position, " sweet sweetback " is certainly not without its controversies. when information technology cost first of all released, an article was published in " ebony " cartridge holder denouncing the film, while at the like time the pitch dark panthers use an entire newssheet to praise information technology. there have embody debate that the victory for sweetback is really no triumph at all - beating cops and then running away to mexico be nothing to be proud of. others deliver pointed forbidden that sweetback has little to say throughout the film; he has no political motivations, and thence the violence and havoc helium wreaks be not root in fundamental beliefs, but in personal and selfish motives. stock still others steer to the clich? black potency that stereotypes sweetback as being good at nada only having sex, illustrated in a scene where helium gains the respect of a white biker group by bring their female leader to orgasm. nevertheless, a moving picture show like " unfermented sweetback " cannot be made without conflicting spot of view. it is a revolutionary movie non because information technology ' s about one man ' s defiance, but because it put front - and - center of attention black military issue that had ne'er been cover with before. until that full stop, american cinema was an nigh exclusively white domain, and with the exception of sidney poitier, all black actors were relegated to specifically fatal office that make up important only in relation to andrew dickson white. the fact that " sweet sweetback " was a movie by pitch black astir blackamoor, constitute something new (in the opening credits, van peebles lists the starring actors as simply " the shameful biotic community " ). van peebles tells an interesting story that expire a farseeing way toward determine the remainder between " sweet sweetback " and all movies that had come before information technology. when the moving picture first of all opened, atomic number 2 saw it in a theater next to an older char. cheeseparing the end of the film, when sweetback be wounded by the police and stumbling done the southern ca desert, she keep saying to herself, " oh lord, let him go. don ' t permit them stamp out him. have him pass away on his own. " it represent so ingrained in her mind that decease was imminent for any african - american in a movie who rebelled against white dominance, that she couldn ' t even conceive of the possibility that the motion picture show might terminate with his successful escape. and, of course, sweetback act get off, and the screen fill with the message: " watch stunned! a baad asssss nigger is coming back to collect some due. " beyond the political aspects, " sweet sweetback " is an entertaining picture show, which van peebles always stand for it to be. he squeeze every drop taboo of his special budget, and produced a picture that, although date like a shot, was technically fantastic at the time. he shot in rough, documental - like fashion, while also utilizing almost every visual and aural play tricks his technology would leave him. he makes good use of honest to goodness techniques alike split sieve, freezing frames, lift color schema, and overlapping images. the only time the film of all time count speculative is during the night sequences, because caravan peebles simply did non have the needed equipment. watching " dulcet sweetback " more than twenty - five years after its initial release, unrivaled realizes that information technology still get pungency. arguments can comprise made that subspecies relation in the joined states have make quantum leaps since the early seventies, just on that point constitute still problems that are contemplate in this film. merely there is more to the moving picture than its racial aspect. the legacy of " sweet sweetback ' s baadasssss call " is not only the plenteous total of art and euphony told from the african - american perspective, but to a greater extent importantly, the work of every artist who has fought to fund and produce that which is important to him. 