while alex browning (devon sawa) waits at jfk to leave for a schooling slip to paris, bad omens seem to ring him. every bit soon as atomic number 2 buckles into the plane, helium has a imaginativeness of the plane exploding seconds after accept - off. when the vision begins to occur true, alex bolts for the threshold, dragging several scholarly person and a instructor in his wake. the plane takes cancelled without them and explodes just as alex predicted. he become an object of fear and suspicion among the biotic community, and the tensity only increases as the survivors begin to drop dead. alex and another survivor, clear river (ali larter ), enquire the suspicious " self annihilation " of a ally, and a mortician (tony " candyman " sweeney todd) clues them in to the truth: alex interrupted death ' s design by saving hoi polloi who should have go in the explosion, and death will want to claim its rightful victims. in ordering to save himself and the others, alex will possess to figure come out death ' s new plan and thwart information technology. of the countless horror cinema that deliver competed for a part of the " shrieking " consultation, " last goal " be the best so far. talented untried screenwriter jeffrey reddick offers a fresh variation on a conversant formula. we ' ve seen hundreds of movies where a group of teenagers be murdered one - by - one by a faceless slasher, but reddick cuts extinct the hockey - masked mediate - man and make the villain expiry itself. first - time feature music director james wong made the most of that assumption. every scene is permeated with creepiness and foreboding, reminding us that end is everyplace, tin come at anytime. everyday objects and event vibrate with threat. the almost amusing harbinger of doom: john denver ' s " rocky tidy sum gamey, " which is dally several times in the movie before mortal dies. ( the link comprise that denver perish in a airplane clank, and the strain include a line astir fire in the sky. ) the performances are stronger than those usually elicited by teen repulsion. devonshire sawa, who previously starred in another revulsion flick, " idle hands, " gives a frantic and convincing principal performance. kerr smith be carter hogan, an opposer of alex ' s whose quick irritability causes him to draw out off the fatal plane. smith dramatic play carter as filled with anger and confusion that constantly endanger to bubble terminated into violence. seann william robert scott, who ' s also in theatre of operations right now in " road misstep, " plays the jolly dim billy hitchcock and provides a needed counterpoint to the intensity of alex and jimmy carter. tony todd ' s one - conniption cameo is delicious but all to a fault brief. bottom line: watchable teen fear flicks are few and far between, merely this destination constitute deserving visiting. 