" necessitate a turn, fill out a form, and wait your turn. " star kati outinen, kari v? ? n? nen, sakari kuosmanen, elina salo; written & directed by aki kaurism? chi; cinematography by timo salminen it mightiness make up potential to call drifting clouds a satire or a disastrous funniness, just that would imply a sense of ire, of vitriol, of energy; drifting clouds is what you get when the rage and vitality are gone. it be the sad, slow story of lauri and ilona, a married couple caught between the wheels of capitalist economy as information technology grind inexorably onward. atomic number 2 loses his job as a trolley driver, because everyone drives cars nowadays. within a match of months, she loses her military position as a nous waiter, when her restaurant be bought out by a chain of mountains and the entire staff exchange. a conversation betimes in the film reveals a lot about their billet. lauri has surprised ilona by buy her a tv set, which she greet with little ebullience. she notes that they haven ' t stop ante up for the bookshelves oregon the couch yet. he says that in quartet year the requital will be get along and then they can buy some quran for the shelves. it would pass as deadpan humour if it wasn ' t talk with such resigned weariness. this put the tincture for the ease of the movie. on that point is humour and idiosyncracy at the periphery, but at the center there is thwarting and futility, and sorrow for the ways in which the logic of profit reduces people, until their worth is equated exclusively with their earning capacity. in that respect be an element of political comment in this critique of the mechanisms of capitalism and the cripple social environment information technology creates, only in drifting sully the political is colligate by the personal: the motion picture show is about two people and what happens to them, and nothing else matters. lauri and ilona live animation starved for friendship, respect, refinement, rage. they go to the motion picture, and walk out retiring old posters for 50 ' atalante and l ' argent, but the movie they have just seen make up a pointless, violent, unfunny funniness. their house and workplace live uniformly unpleasant, painted and upholstered in lifeless colours (ugly william green, ho hum red, savorless blues ), good of inelegantly operative objects and appliances. the art plan be impeccable in information technology tawdriness, and director aki kaurism? ki often matches the colouring of characters ' clothes with the ground colouring material and / or lighting, so that information technology seems as if they are almost physically fading into the environs. there is no suggestion of sexuality in the human relationship; ilona and lauri sleep in separate beds and their gestures of affection miss the heat of desire; their life story are directly bound by something more complex and desperate than love. their downward, downsized, downtrodden lives have a impulse that equal almost comic, as one blow succeeds another, bottom come out when lauri bet all their remaining money on the spin of a roulette wheel. information technology must have been tempting to play the story for more gag, more farce, more deadpan wit, just the film ' s great strength is the sober, empathic style in which it honor lauri and ilona ' s bad luck. irony would be an injustice. billet and settings personify all inclusive and enlarged - - this is not realism - - but they be not distorted. the emotion are authentic. if information technology cost difficult to laugh at anything that happens, despite the droll performances, the laconic humour, that ' due south because kaurism? ki brings such compassion and understanding to the manifold indignities that are suffered. he shows us how abase it must embody for a fair sex of thirty - eight, who has work long and hard to win a respectable position, to be forced to accept a job as a dish washer in a two - bit restaurant; how humiliating it mustiness be for a man nearing 50 to confront his wife ' s former employer, demanding the rest of her wages, only to have the crap beaten out of him, unable to land a single punch, when the employer and his cronies refuse to give him the money. all this equal observed keenly, with peachy saving: every cut, every line of dialogue, is wise. if most pic are novelistic in their telling, this one brings the focusing and concentration of a inadequate tale to bear. but what cost gained in nuance and insightfulness be rather undermine by the sense that the cloth barely accommodates the 96 - bit run length. 1 have seen many pic far less profound, less humane, less necessary than drifting clouds, but they filled me with an impulse to watch them over again, and this unity coif non. it manage non ask to be seen twice: it every detail and implication hind end be absorbed in one viewing. it be not a movie that will be project by a large hearing, because information technology cannot be pitched to unmatched. there is no merchandising point. information technology is all understatement, restraint, melancholy. the characters are unremarkable, their best geezerhood behind them, their aspiration dissipated; information technology takes all the feat they can muster just to yield the bill. this fare not crap them less entrancing, merely to a lesser extent marketable, which is a shame, because this is a movie which should be seen, precisely because it bear attention to people and emotions that most movies prefer to ignore. information technology enlist us and adjoin us and resolves - - surprisingly, and movingly - - into something resembling a glad ending. the only thing greater than the ill - lot that governs the characters ' life history be their refusal to give in to despair. their persistence be reward with what might cost called a " experience - good " ending elsewhere, but non hither, because this ending differs in sort from most such endings: this one has genuinely been earned. 