an indian contrabandist was more than a courier. helium * get * the message he be carrying. what danger be a bear, to a subject matter? i utilise to think sean pennsylvania was an immature, self important, lensman - punching, madonna - marrying, loudmouth. just all that has transfer now. the guy hold grown up. and that ' s non all. information technology seems that sean penn has talents both as a writer and a director, if this celluloid is any indication. unmatched might imagine a movie with plenty of ruthless rage and showy machismo, afford pennsylvania in charge of bronson and and hopper. only, no. this film be astir a real struggle, and the victories and defeat are non simple. penn lets the story unfold at a tread dictated by the life story of the type, without unnecessary rush operating theater flash. the focus of the story is 2 brothers. david morse is the brother world health organization has farm up in the small midwestern town in which they were raised, tend a failing farm and eventually becoming a police officer. viggo mortensen comprise the idle brother, whose idle behavior seems to be a reaction to some antediluvian pain that he can ' t name, a great deal less declaration. the motion picture pick the write up up on the day when mortensen return from vietnam, and morse coincidentally encounters an armed young fleeing for the state agate line. information technology becomes clear that some kind of struggle threaten the link that the brother one time shared. the film is unobtrusive, dim witted, lineal, plain, and sincere. it isn ' triiodothyronine exactly perfect, but its sincerity is good invested in the struggle of the ii sidekick to key out the sickness before information technology put down them. life seems to move forward a little fast than they can obtain a handle on their problem. this is a good film without big budget set, or big name stars labor into your face. in fact, 1 ' m reviewing it because atomic number 53 mistrust that information technology may not get much marketing. in that respect were perhaps decade others at the showing i saw. i think the structure be clean and not oversimplified, though there be a few free - form sections which also work very substantially. the obligatory sixties music seemed a picayune commonplace, only what are you going to do - - this moving picture show * does * take lieu in the sixties after all. in my opinion, it be worth total - cost admission. 