imagine this. you ' re ease up a blade and a shield and very basic, minimal training. a man you don ' t experience secern you that this will embody the terminal day that you will live. you are thrown into an arena with thousands of spectators wanting to see you pop off. you frantically supervise several closed door which, in seconds, will release vicious enemies get up to destruct you. you watch as the innocent protagonist you made in the last few days are polish off in cold blood. if you are lucky enough to survive this bedlam thrown at you, you know you ' re going to have to do information technology all over again tomorrow. finally know matter how strong surgery skilled you are, you ' re going to die. this be the life of a prizefighter. you ' ll never suffer to be a prizefighter and after see ridley winfield scott ' s powerful gladiator, you ' ll be grateful for that. with his newfangled film, scott have returned cinema to the fascinating historic period of the ancient roman empire. and like those preceding information technology, spartacus and ben hur, gladiator get closely everything going for it - a strong lead doer, a wonderful supporting cast, heart - take hold of special effects, and a great script. since the 2 aforementioned films came tabu before the prime prey looker of prizefighter (teenagers to thirty - twelvemonth - old males) were around, a whole new music genre may simply be reborn and revisit. > from a weak showtime, the film originate off extremely sulky and adverse. rome ' s best general maximus (russell crowe ), world health organization deliver help the empire conquer most everyplace they have attempt, is currently (in the year 180 a. d. that is) waging a war against germania. scott shoots the slaughterous battle in an awkward style, standardized to that of saving private ryan merely much to a lesser extent effective. information technology ' s blurry, in slow motion, and the auditory sensation is muted. as soon as this artistic method acting began, it cost hard to tell what was what and world health organization was world health organization. it ' s a good thing scott stops this after the first twenty dollar bill second or else gladiator would have got be torture to watch. or else, the cosmopolitan swears he will get out after this fight. he require to go back to his family and his crop, he want a placid life. only, unexpectedly, he find anything but that. the dying emperor of rome, marcus aurelius (richard harris ), decide to give birth maximus constitute new emperor moth of rome once he dies. atomic number 2 asks maximus to restore the republic by make more power to the senators. all of this coiffure non go well for aurelius ' son, commodus (joaquin phoenix) world health organization be expecting his sire to diagnose him the new emperor. jealous and upset, commodus kills his ain father, names himself emperor, kills maximus ' wife and word, and attack to kill maximus. but maximus is capable to escape his own death and vow to kill commodus and fulfill marcus aurelius ' wish. at present a hard worker, the only way helium can win his own exemption and dispatch his goal is to become a taking prizefighter, who eventually are discharge for their success. a tale of betrayal and hope, gladiator be more than just a mindless legal action flick. you actually care about the characters, sometimes even the malefic scoundrel commodus, who is precisely a vernal man as determined to score rome one way as maximus is determined to realize information technology the early way. phoenix plays his part brilliantly. think of commodus as the percy wetmore (of pant - wetter the greenish mile) of the roman letters empire - a whiny, sleazy, " respect - maine - because - my - father - was - a - unspoiled - man " brat who hate when he ' s not the essence of attention. every scene we see commodus, he ' s either crying oregon he front like he receive merely be crying. genus phoenix has definitely matured as an player since to die for, and gladiator shows atomic number 2 ' s more than just now river ' s little brother. crowe is likewise excellent as the film ' s grisly - face italian sandwich. maximus cost one of the few characters in recent cinema world health organization actually has emotions. this guy really act like a anyone in his situation would act, he ' s no invincible superhero who only blurts out single - liner, helium (believe it or non) do like a human being! the relief of the cast of characters, including richard harris, djimon hounsou, walter pitcher's mound, derek karl gustav jacob jacobi, and connie nielsen are as well beginning rate. ridley robert scott, using outstanding special effects, suffer brilliantly recreate the roman coliseum, the tawdriness of the roman print mob, and the city of capital of italy in general. the visuals be breathtaking and voluminous, like a cleopatra of the class 2000. the costuming is besides wonderful from the elaborate shield and armor to the exquisite dress of the upper - class politico. gladiator be another movie you have to project on the grown cover to get the most out of the experience. along with u - 571, activity fans should have plenty to see in field of operations this week and should expect much more excitement to come this summertime of 2000. 