the release of dolores claiborne into broad release this weekend sum another entry into the long leaning of film adaptations of sir leslie stephen king ' s body of work. this slow - moving character report provides some owing acting performance by the head, but suffers from a tepid conclusion, inconsistent focus, and crataegus laevigata not have wide commercial charm. when the maid, dolores claiborne, constitute found brandishing a rolling peg standing over the flaming and idle organic structure of her employer, it seem similar an undefended - and - shut murder case. upon hearing of the expiry via a mysterious facsimile machine, dolores ' estranged and bitter daughter, esquire magazine writer selena st. george vi, returns from new york rearward to her tiny island village childhood home base. as the two friction cornet, the report behind the inscrutable death of dolores ' abusive hubby two decades ago, ruled an accident despite the protest of detective john mackey, is divulge. did dolores kill her husband? and did she down her employer? dolores claiborne cost certainly more than of a type subject than a suspense thriller. accordingly, it is fortunate that their shape include some of hollywood ' s finest character actors, such as bates, leigh and strathairn. kathy bates play the flick ' s claim part, and gives a sensory lead performance. dolores claiborne is fundamentally a vitrine for the talent of bates, as her character have a huge sum of screen sentence. she dominates the screen, producing a character that is compel and arresting, as we watch the character go through with ii decades of history via flashback. kathy bates ' carrying into action is award - quality stuff. the rest of the cast be too real good. jennifer jason leigh play the constantly sour, caustic helena st. george well, and christopher plummer appear to be enjoying himself as dolores ' ever - present curse, the compulsive detective john mackey. saint david strathairn is particularly interesting and suitably smarmy and despicable as dolores ' married man, joe st. george. judy parfitt is fine as dolores ' tyrannic socialite employer, vera donovan - - it would have been occupy to examine, say, meg foster in this theatrical role. kid actor ellen muth embody also worth noting as the young selena during the flashback sequences; she cost rattling impressive. the counselling of dolores claiborne by taylor hackford wildly varies throughout the film, pasture from some parts which exist quite clever in their own right, to share which be embarrassingly hokey. the segues between flashbacks and the present be very hit - and - misfire in term of effectiveness. the pacing of the flick tends to be numbingly dull, which tends to undermine any suspense which mightiness be built up. however, the filming by gabriel beristain is wonderful - - i particularly like the chilling ice - blue chromaticity permeating the present - day scenes, contrasting advantageously with the many nova scotia ocean shots - - and danny elfman provides a amazingly understated score for the moving picture. it would look that the commercial potential of dolores claiborne is limited. none of the performer in the pic could be sort as a big draw, and its pacing may be a number - off to those require a gripping suspense film occupy with tress and turns and gondola crashes and axe - wielding sociopath. although represent essentially the only moving picture in its writing style in release now, it crataegus oxycantha too be hurt by the negative perceptual experience of king works, even with the late critical success of the shawshank redemption and the stand. dolores claiborne suffers from a really unsatisfying conclusion, and move rattling slowly. however, the carrying out be uniformly excellent, particularly kathy bates, and the film take its moments. on my four - star scale, i give dolores claiborne iii stars. 