with the copiousness of trite, recycled movies in the late ' 90s, there is a howling requirement by moving picture lover (never mind movie critic) for movies that present the wide film audience with something truly original: perhaps audaciously, perhaps purely thematically. for the former, you involve appear no further than director tom tykwer ' sulfur unbelievable german thriller run lola run, a picture that may make some viewers need a cool down off time period afterwards. lola, a contemporary goth - girl with blaze carmine fuzz receive a desperate phone call from her boyfriend manni unrivalled day. information technology seems that because she was late delivering something he lost a bag containing a 100 k deutschmark, and if he doesn ' t save a hundred thousand marks within the next twenty minute, he will be killed. this gives lola twenty second to come up up with 100, 000 marks, or her boyfriend dy. so she runs - - not simply jogs, sprint - - in hopes that somehow, someway, she ' ll be able to hold the money and preserve a life. > from there, as critic steve rhodes described information technology, scat lola play plays a bit like " slue doors on steroids. with a non - stop techno soundtrack, wierd camerawork, all kinds of insane zooms and a sincerely breakneck pace, anyone that is bored with run lola campaign throw to follow fume something. so, the pic is often outrageously exciting, as well as bitterly ironic and subtly serious. real much like titanic, run lola running is an accomplishment with filmmaking much more than it is an achievement in flick. the room the moving picture show is do, for pure visual panache, tykwer ' s motion picture show be breathtaking (literally, sometimes ). thematically it does leave behind something to comprise desired; it toy around with some challenging ideas but does occasionally seem as if there is little substance behind all of the ostentation. while you be watching, this volition not matter. extend a breezy 81 minutes, this is unity movie one wished was longer because it was and then bloody good while it lasted. information technology is the equivalent of a roller - coaster in the sum of money of thrills and merriment that it extend. ? 1999 prince eugene of savoy novikov & # 137; 