an unhappy italian housewife, a lonely waiter, a goofy masseuse, mint of dear, and gorgeous scene all derive unitedly in wampum and tulips, which proves enchant despite it covering of predictable, well - worn material. the story concerns the aforementioned housewife, rosalba barletta (licia maglietta) who unintentionally becomes separated from her immediate family unit while on holiday. instead of wait for a ride home, rosalba opts non to go family to her italian town, but to instead hitch to venice. upon arriving, she tells her self - centered husband, mimmo (an excellent antonio catania) that she ' ll comprise home in a few years. of course, that doesn ' t happen, as rosalba quickly gains a level of independence that has embody unrealizable in her past life of scour floors and buying groceries. in what appear like days, she act in with alone, suicidal waiter fernando (bruno ganz ), gets a task as a flower store, learns the accordion, and befriends her neighbor - - a wacky holistic masseuse named grazia (marina massironi ). rosalba, who is foremost seen wear upon a gaudy stretch trouser outfit, starts wear aphrodisiac dresses and getting closer to fernando. 1 can consider of at least quintet other (american) movies (including fried green tomatoes and an single woman) that be more than similar to bread and tulips. but maglietta and ganz, who pretend with restraint and charge, help bread and tulip from becoming a tired retread. ganz play the suicidal waiter character with a solemn, sometimes playful dignity that is a joy to observe, while maglietta never overreact to her growing comfort with the away world. throughout the movie, maglietta has an easygoing, confident demeanor, which make information technology real easy to root for her and her mature attraction for ganz ' s character. the gorgeous scenery of moonlit town squares and form bubbles river provide a perfect erotic love story backdrop - - you just power require to take the attractive stranger in the keister behind you for coffee after the lights come up. director and co - author silvio soldini mustiness get credit for sprinkling the moving picture with good goofy humour. the cheap mimmo, desperate to find his wife (after all, helium needs his shirts ironed and his schoolma'am get ahead ' t do information technology ), hires a job applicant (giuseppe battiston) at his bathroom provision house to do the book of job. the reasonableness? mimmo discovers that the prospective pipe fitter loves detective stories. the novice police detective ' s diverse bad luck, including him saying goodbye to his weepy mother, are very risible. unluckily, in that respect are flaws that somewhat spoil bread and tulips ' cheery timbre. rosalba is bothered by several surreal dreams during her time in venice, which bring the picture show to a freeze. it ' s like putting a gunplay in a nora ephron movie. respective details in fernando ' s sprightliness also never get proper closure, including his suicidal inclination. early on in the motion picture, he nearly hangs himself before rosalba knocks on his apartment doorway. after that, fernando ' s whole tone towards death is never made reference point to, probably because soldini wanted to include a tepid, underdeveloped subplot astir fernando ' s stormy yesteryear. it seems to a greater extent like a do or die attempt to pump up the play in a plot of ground that doesn ' t need any. but there aren ' t a lot of overwhelming negatives in kale and tulips. the motion picture show is fun and romantic, with beautiful scene and character whose lives we ' d like to live if we had the nerve. .. or if our passports weren ' t missing. 