the heist of a flawless, 84 carat rhombus, fixed bare knuckle joint scrap, irish gypsies and a dog are barely some of the exit on in managing director guy wire ritchies ' s soph feature, " snatch. " " ignition lock, blood and ii smoking barrels " introduction ' 500 helmer / scripter ritchie with a hyper - kinetic, in your face underworld comedy that grabbed the viewer ' s attention from beginning to stop. his protagonists were innocents adjust adrift in a see of sharks to swim or be eaten alive. with " snatch, " the director doesn ' thyroxine redo his initiative work, but helium does delve more than deeply into the vicious underbelly of london, mining a rich collection of characters in the process. > from the really root, " bit " cast aside you into the action with the theft of the fabulous diamond, the desire of new york gangster avi (dennis farina ). en itinerary from antwerp, adamant stealer and courier frankie four fingers (benicio del toro) stops in london to make a freestanding deal with avi ' s partner and first cousin, doug " the head " (mike reid ). frankie ' s addiction to gambling tempts him into hold a stake on an illegal boxing match for boris " the steel " (rade sherbedgia ), a ruthless russian mobster. the bet turns out to be a apparatus for a robbery by a trio of bumbling incompetents - vinnie (robbie g ), sol (lennie king james) and portly tyrone (ade) - that endure miserably awry. meanwhile, a couple of young toughs, turkish (jason stratham) and tommy (stephen graham ), be hear to break in to the boxing game with the assistance of local villain brick summit (alan ford ), world health organization also owns a pig farm. when their first fighter is put verboten of action, with i punch, by a wild irish romani constitute mickey o ' neil, they image to put the informal canon in as the contender in a fixed fight. mickey proves less than reliable and goes against turkish and tommy ' s mountain. brick acme, impressed by mickey ' s performance, decides to gives them another hazard - after calmly explaining that information technology take up 16 hog astir eight minutes to altogether devour a stiff. when avi doesn ' t make his precious rock, he climb up on a plane for capital of the united kingdom and hires a local legend, " bullet tooth " tony (vinnie jones ), to find frankie and the diamond. things spiral tabu of restraint as altogether these forces head on a hit course of double - crisscross and double - deals - and a dog that ate a squeaky toy. guy ritchie (mr. the virgin to some) is an extraordinarily talented auteur who has a tremendous knack for pulling together his singular accumulation of mold and crew and feeding them funny and gamey dialog that spews out of the characters ' oral cavity like machine hit man fire. the helmer summon his large ensemble actors in a frantically paced caper funniness that makes you laugh and feel queasy at the same time, the above description by brick top of the inning being precisely unity instance. the gathering of actor and non - actors in rough - and - tumble circumstance give " snatch " an earthy feeling in its limning of greater london ' s criminal underworld. the cast of characters is excessively magnanimous to credit here, but two of the performances - foremost among match, you power say - are worth observe. alan ford equal brilliant as the ruthless, evil brick top. when he refuses shekels in his afternoon tea because " i ' m dulcet enough, " it makes you shiver, even as you laugh. his is one of the best mobster characters i ' ve seen in years. the early spectacular perf is pay by none other than brad pitt, the name actor the movie ' s popularity may fall upon, at least initially. second earl of chatham, as mickey o ' neil, is hard drinking, hard fight, extremely unreliable and nigh incomprehensible with a unique irish brogue and accent of the pikers, the irish travelers of europe. this roma brigand would steal the filling from your teeth, specially if information technology would benefit his beloved mum (sorcha cusack ). when brick top threaten the safety of mickey ' s family, helium seduce an enemy that cannot personify stopped. pitt the elder puts a credible spin on his character and does some incredible strong arm stuff, overly, as a bare - knuckle joint boxer. the production squad behind the camera includes ritchie alumnus, producer matthew vaughn and lenser tim maurice - jones, and other talented technical artist that fetch the hyperactive imagination of the author to visual life. there represent a patent of invention feel to the face of " snatch " and " lock, stock and deuce smoking barrels " that reek of " signature " for ritchie, but i ' m non sure how this testament translate in his future work on. there is hence much talent in the filmmaker that ace would like to see him separate out in other directions. nonetheless, " bit " be terrific sophomore effort, a darn undecomposed action clowning and a hiss to charge. i hand information technology a b +. 