ralph fiennes is carve out a nice niche for himself in the music genre of period man romances. for his follow up to the academy - beloved the english patient, atomic number 2 has once again turn to a love narrative, this sentence directed by realised australian film maker gillian armstrong (small women ). despite some obvious overplotting, oscar and lucinda is a mostly effectual and often affecting motion moving picture that touches our hearts while daring our minds to balk at its implausible coincidences. the film unfold in the mid - 1800s, with parallel storylines in unexampled south welt, australia and devon, england. as the helpful narrative interpreter of geoffrey benjamin rush informs atomic number 92, lucinda leplastrier (cate blanchett) be a headstrong young woman being rear in the australian outback. meanwhile, half the world away, oscar hopkins (fiennes) has ruin with his puritanical father concluded religious issue, and get gone away to schooltime to study to make up an anglican non christian priest. lucinda is fascinated with glass; academy award is obsessed with theological system. lucinda is plentiful; oscar is piteous. lucinda be frontward and self - assure; oscar is timid and uncertain of himself. yet unitary characteristic unites these deuce diverse individuals - - the coercion to gamble, whether information technology ' s on horses, dogs, calling card, or the somersaulting of a coin. and fate has decree that they will one day meet. that day doesn ' t occur until xlv minute into the film, when academy award display board a ship bound for sidney, australia, where he hop to deepen his life and minister to anyone in pauperization of his service. another of the passengers is lucinda, who is repay from england where she was shopping for machinery to fit out her newly - get glassworks manufacturing plant. at first, their kinship cost that of a clergyman and a confessor, but information technology doesn ' triiodothyronine take long for both of them to recognize a kindred heart in the other. a friendly relationship is carry, and, once they reach australia, it develops into something to a greater extent strong. but oscar be uncertain of lucinda ' s affection, and feel he must do something to prove himself desirable of her. oscar and lucinda international relations and security network ' t beyond a little manipulation to stupefy the desired worked up response, and in that location are times when the plot line curves in preposterous directions. on more than one occasion, it ' s apparent that events are come specifically to funnel the quality into a position where there is only one possible itinerary. coincidence is a important plot device; without information technology, this movie john ' t conk out anyplace. the voiceover narration (never one of my favorite proficiency) be too verbose and break into the fib at unsuitable moments. ( nonetheless, without it, the final twist, which i volition not disclose, would not represent as poignant. ) yet, despite these quibbles, i savour academy award and lucinda. plot line faults blanch in the light of 2 such finely - realized characters. thematically, the moving picture show is also strong. the unifying motif - - that everything in life story is a gamble - - be successfully describe. oscar and lucinda preceptor ' t hardly wager their money, they play their hearts, mind, and souls. a card plot they rent in shortly after they first meet could easily be considered a variant of emotional " airstrip poker " where defense are peeled by to reveal their partake, secret warmth. oscar do not see gambling as a frailty. in fact, atomic number 2 believe that the greatest chance one takes in life sentence is betting one ' s immortal soul on the truth of a religious faith. ralph fiennes, who normally plays strong, confident man, represent real much at home as the fumbling, insecure oscar. the actor bring a variety of nervous tic to the section, all of which subtly total to a wispy sense of discomfort whenever oscar is on - projection screen. every bit good as fiennes be, notwithstanding, he be eclipsed by cate blanchett. the actress, who appeared before this year as one of the lead in robert i beresford ' s paradise road, comprise magnetize as lucinda. she gives this liberated char her flash, and feeds the interpersonal chemistry between the two lead fibre so that information technology sparkles rather than bust. effectual support is provided by ciaran hind (the male lead in jane jane austen ' s persuasion) as lucinda ' s nigh friend, tom sir geoffrey wilkinson (the full monty) as oscar ' s mentor, and clive henry norris russell as a self - serve adventurer. there ' s a actual magic in the way armstrong originate the story, keeping things move in unexpected direction without lingering excessively long on any 1 moment operating room sequence. ( in fact, i wish she had devoted a little more time to the lambent middle act, which give birth academy award and lucinda together. ) with the science of a consummate teller, she weaves romance, friendship, mania, sense of humour, and tragedy together into a complete package. the characters, with all of their human foibles and neuroses, be wonderfully make grow by fiennes and blanchett. thusly who cares if the plot line is a little ripe and unwieldy? academy award and lucinda still offer abundant pleasures to reward the viewer. 