no thing what you mistrust, this isn ' t your common action thriller. the usual suspects is an sound law breaking mystery story story from up - and - come director bryan singer. information technology ' s one of those movies that, after everything is give away rapid - attack at the end, you now want to rewind and watch again because earlier scene take on a new light. plot twists a - go - go game are what you have hither - - i make up trying to project come out the mystery of keyser soze after awhile and just sit back and waited for them to let out it to me. keyser soze is a name you ' ll hear at least a hundred times if you watch the usual suspect and for unspoiled reason. it ' s not only if the gens of the mysterious (and possibly yet mythical) law breaking chief in the movie, it as well sums up the pic - - " keyser soze " in latin means " an intelligent crime mystery story from up - and - coming director bryan singer. " operating theater maybe ane shouldn ' t have corrupt a foreign - language dictionary from the same company that make those ic - centime encyclopedias sold in supermarket. at the movie ' south hatchway, a group of known malefactor comprise brought in for a police lineup, including mcmanus (stephen baldwin ), keaton (gabriel byrne ), fenster (benicio del toro ), buckney (kevin pollack) and verbal (kevin spacey, winner of the best supporting actor academy award {symbol 153 \ f " times new roman " \ s x \ h} for his performance in the movie ). verbal be so - appoint because he often rambles on astir anything or nothing. he also earns his name as the movie ' s teller, spouting memorable line like " the great trick the heller ever pull out was convincing the world he didn ' t exist " (although, obviously, he does survive - - what else could explain kris kross having a comeback in 1996?) while being interrogated by police detective chazz palminteri (any actor with multiple z ' s in their name is okay in my book ). we go steady the report unfold as spacey retells it. the five felons, upon being resign from the card, get their retaliation on the police by exposing a crooked taxi table service - - whereby elite criminals pay to be smuggled through town in cop cars - - and stealing all the money and drug in the car. it ' s a definite case of male person soldering for the five criminals, world health organization later find out they were brought unitedly by the unobserved keyser soze, world health organization sends a minion to them with an crack they can ' t refuse. namely, they have to put down soze ' s main competitors in form crime by infiltrate a ship, pip a bunch of multitude, burn whole the drugs and stealing $ 91 million cash. spacey coiffe a terrific job of impart his seemingly unintelligent " cripple " character reference to life and james arthur baldwin, byrne, palminteri and the rest make for a good support cast. the common suspect is one of those movies that deftly mixes scenes of violence and explosions with an underlying sense of secret and suspense, keep the viewer guessing until the very end - - and and then still leaving a few detail spread for scrutiny and discussion. i hypothesise whole that would be cleared improving if i really had rewound the picture show and determine it again instead of changing the channel and wondering in skepticism what the hell kris kross was doing on mtv. a different whodunit, i speculation, which english hawthorn turn into a _murder_ mystery if that video ever get on again. .. 