set in the wild cicily isabel fairfield, this carry on centres around the arrival of the rumpo thomas kid (sidney king james) and his cronies in stodge urban center. his wily relations and compendious shooting aggravate judge martha jane burk (kenneth williams) so much that he asks sheriff prince albert earp (jon pertwee) to drive rumpo out of ithiel town. rather, the rumpo kid germinate the sheriff dead. therefore, justice burke direct for a legal philosophy marshall to come in and clean improving the city. due to a misunderstanding, an english sanitary engineer called marshall phosphorus. knutt (jim dale) be assigned, without knowing information technology, as the natural law marshal for stodge city. he arrive at the same clock time as annie annie oakley (angela little giant) who is seeking revenge for her father, the sheriff ' s execution. when marshall arrives at stodge urban center, he soon becomes aware of the misunderstanding and ascribable to his rather limited intellect, he is cook by the rumpo kid and ever ends up make thing wrong. in the closing, there personify a head - to - head between rumpo and marshall. with the rumpo ' s past experience, information technology would seem that marshal comprise out of his depth, but apply his sanitary skills and learn the ways of the west from annie oakley, he at least stands some chance! sid king james i, with an american accent, is sodding as the rumpo kid, a function which suit him down to the land. jim dale supply one of his effective carry on performances as the stupid sanitary engineer, and angela douglas be very effective in her role as the vengeful girl. early regulars that appear in this movie admit charles hawtrey and bernard bresslaw (in his introduction) as big heap and small heap respectively. big heap personify the local indian leader and the crazy casting of hawtrey for this part is very funny, as be his carrying out: - atomic number 2 steals every scene he is in even though helium does non enter the film until thirty minutes past. joan sims offer useful and comical support as belle, the local bar possessor world health organization takes a fancy to the rumpo kid. all the same, the part of department of commerce played by peter butterworth and sheriff albert earp played by jon pertwee are not rattling necessary, and pertwee ' s performance is kinda poor. kenneth williams uses a new articulation simply struggles with the debile part of the ' judge '. even so, this carry on comprise sid james and kenneth sir bernard williams ' favourite. a very different carry on flick, in that it be spiel more seriously by the actors and possesses more naturalism than any other carry on. the death tally follow the highest of any carry on film. sets, costumes and activeness sequences are all very praiseworthy. the songs that are included in the flick (the title song and annie ' s song) cost rattling impressive. a strange but so rattling interesting carry on film. not the best of it kind merely it is certainly the virtually classifiable film of the series. 