the granddad of italian horror the late mario bava experience credit rating in nearly 100 films and tv set movies produced in italy between 1939 and his end in the early 80 ' second. to a greater extent practiced as a cinematographer than a director, bava nonetheless seat in the music director ' s chair for beyond the door 2, the project which turned out to be his net full - duration characteristic moving picture. alongside the shock zombie dreck of hacks like lucio fulci, beyond the threshold ii is simply a apocalypse. in his day bava be consider by most to be no swell movie maker, hitherto here he fashioned one of the finest italian horror movies of the 1970 ' south. ( note that the film has no connection with the 1975 exorcist - rip cancelled behind the doorway, but for some unexplained reason be given this related claim for release in the usa and australia. ) this story focalize on dora, a women ready upon by a malevolent flavour that channels itself done her young son marco. the film opens with dora, her son and second husband bruno return to a house by the ocean that was the tantrum of her first husband ' s self destruction and her subsequent trauma heptad years in the beginning. they go for to put the past behind them, but as small accidents start to befall dora - usually while bruno is away on business - she starts to distrust that marco (played with uncanny power by 8 class honest to goodness david colin jr.) is somehow involved in the strange goings on. to reveal any more than of the news report would be unfair. suffice to say that this artfully paced field of study of a fair sex put up a nervous breakdown offers an intriguing plot, loads of atmosphere and solid performing, though the dialogue is somewhat countermine by the dubbing into english. bava coaches a surprisingly good performance from the commonly wooden daria nicolodi, wife of famous italian horror theatre director dario argento. her character be invested with sufficient depth to permit the audience real empathy with dora ' s riotous psyche. the music by italian ensemble libra be besides effective, mixing odd - sounding seventy ' s rock and roll with graeco roman mediaeval piano sequence. and in that respect is at least one moment - brilliantly organise by bava - that is guaranteed to lift you ten feet out of your chairwoman. yet for italian repugnance, the bloodbath here is surprisingly minimal. lamberto bava and francesco barbieri ' s script is to a greater extent interested with deeper, psychological terrors, with musical theme of guilt trip and suffering, with the notion that what we sow will shall - somewhere, somehow - eventually draw. scholars of the genre take note: beyond the doorway 2 is fashionable, temperature reduction, and essential. 