the coen brothers are back again, this clock time with homer ' s " odyssey " as the background in their tale of three fugitives from a mississippi chain gang who trek across the due south to find a secret gem in " type o brother, where artistic production thou? " right for the beginning of " o buddy " the coens grab your attention with a chain crew of prison house inmates breaking rock 'n' roll along the road in unison to a employment song. the camera flows around the hard toiling manpower, giving a visually exciting symmetry to the tantrum that ends with our trio heroes - ulysses everett mcgill (george clooney ), delmar (tim blake nelson) and pete (john turturro) - escaping across a cotton airfield. it is the outset of a journeying that withdraw on different meaning and importunity to each member of the trio. a strong retinue, as always with the coen brothers, be the deepness of character of the folks they make in their film. their character live goofy and comical, like nicolas cage in " raising arizona "; or, striking, as albert finney and privy turturro in " milling machine ' s crossing "; and, yet a mixture of the two with frances mcdormand in " fargo. " in all cases, and in " type o brother, " overly, the characters populating their film are trinity - dimensional people. ulysses everett follow a handsome, hair's breadth - obsess petty reprehensible with a silver tongue and not a flock in the mastermind department. but, atomic number 2 look like a ace when compare to the simpleton, sweet delmar and the maladjusted pete, who follow their ego appoint leader to a promised hoarded wealth of $ 1. 2 million. their odyssey takes on the mystic proportions of homer ' s original material as they meet all manner of people along the way of life, include those dangerous sirens world health organization wave them onto symbolically rocky shoals and a cyclops who beats them and takes all their money. there is wizardly, too, when delmar believes that pete be turned into a horny toad by the delilah. the story meander done the unlike vignette of the boys ' adventures, giving the moving picture a choppy, episodic feel that disrupts the overall rate of flow. some of the interludes be an epiphany, though. the trio becomes a quaternary when they foot upward guitar - playing tommy johnson (chris thomas king) and visit a radio station in the middle of nowhere, run by it blind proprietor (stephen tooth root ). they become the mucky bottom son for the sightless receiving set station man and, without their knowledge, constitute recorded as they talk the traditional tune, " i am a human being of constant regret. " it is a wonderful moment of moviemaking and give us, in my head, the best motion picture song of the year. contrasting this and early marvelous moments (the sexy seduction by the sirens comes to mind) be some pretentious bits that detract from the overall quality of " oxygen buddy. " in particular, cheeseparing the remnant, is a scene where ulysses, delmar and pete clash a ku klux klan rally to make unnecessary tommy from equal lynched. the scene is overblown and flashy and stink of " the mavin of oz. " they don ' tetraiodothyronine say " lions and tiger and bears, oh my! " and in that respect ' s no dorothy, but information technology is the land of oz we ' re see hither. the highs and sir david low of the story flow be anneal by fine acting on various levels. george clooney is funny, fascinate, a little mute and one of the bighearted actors in the byplay today. he have the charm of a thirty ' s movie idol and constitute able to put himself into silly situations with self worth. ulysses have an ongoing obsession with his hair, risking life and limb to baffle a picky brand of pomatum and a provision of hairnets. his vanity will issue forth to chevvy him as it would any mystical hero - wanderer. while clooney be the name draw for " atomic number 8 brother, " the show stealer is tim william blake admiral nelson as delmar. the heretofore unknown viscount nelson is terrific as the simple yardbird who, at one point, hears the word of the lord and get together appendage of a church fold in their mass baptism. delmar is saved and dedicates his lifetime to doing good and ply a cornucopia to his simple graphic symbol that makes him shine. the taciturn pete, as played by longtime coen partner in crime turturro, exist the sullen extremity of the trio and gives them the necessary angst. all unitedly, the tuneful triumvirate is a mix of the three stooges and the deuce ace musketeers as they prove to be buffoons, albeit weather ones. the coloured support cast of characters is rampant with homerian characters to meet and get to sleep with along the way of the boys ' odyssey. charles durning appears as incumbent governor pappy o ' book of the prophet daniel, world health organization keeps cross paths with them in his bid for re - election. john goodman is wicked as the unmatched - eye bible salesman and con artist, big dan teague. michael badalucco embody frenzied and outrageous as outlaw and bank robber extraordinary, george " babyface " nelson. stephen radical be amuse as the screen dj, rep ' ing one of the many references to the sightless that abound in the film in mystic slipway. holly huntsman is waste in the small role as ulysses ' alienate married woman, centime (and the real cause for this adventure, non secret hoarded wealth ). technical school are, as expected in a coen buddy venture, foremost class. cinematographer roger deakins, world health organization has worked on quint former coen films, get the sultry air of the south. the photography complements the lush period of time production and costume provide by dennis gassner and mary zophres, severally. once again, roderick jaynes - the alter ego of ethan and book of joel coen - be on dining table as editor program. the gamey points outweigh the low done most of " oxygen crony, where artistic production thou? " with particular praise for the wonderful choice of period and traditional music. i give it a b complex. 