what surprises maine most astir the long - awaited batman is that the movie centers not on the caped social reformer simply on the jokester. the dark knight in reality has less screen time than his murderous arch bane! atomic number 53 give the sack see batfans everywhere protest: " first they have the nerve to cast michael keaton as batman, and now they believe they can get aside with making him second banana to the joker! ! " and, so, this post would have been altogether inappropriate and unbearable be information technology not for the fact that someone at warner comrade had the savvy to barf jack nicholson in the role he represent born to play. nicholson deserves the top charge helium is receiving in the posters and opening credits since his astounding, academy award - desirable performance as the joker is the highlighting of batman. nicholson shows no inhibition operating room ignominy as atomic number 2 pulls out all the stops to create a joker that ca ca cesar romero flavour like bozo the clown (romero played the joker in the ' 60s tv serial publication ). on ace helping hand, nicholson ' s joker is extremely funny. his murderous adventure and manic outbursts (which include disfigure paintings in an art museum and invading the television airwaves with hilarious pirate broadcast) bring humor and laugh into an differently dark plastic film. but on the other deal, his outwardly jovial temperament is only a mask for his intense scorn for all of human beings. the joker ' s cruelty and demented, mephistophelian nature are rightfully frightening and sinister. this guy is off his rocking chair, and atomic number 2 non exclusively knows information technology, he flaunts it! but decent about nicholson as the turkey: i ' k sure most people are wondering about michael keaton as batman. like many, i make up outraged when warner crony annunciate that keaton get personify cast as the caped crusader. but batfans necessitate not worry because holy improper molding! keaton delivers. he is convince as the tormented millionaire, sir david bruce wayne, and beneath his hard, black body armor, helium be mysterious and unnerving as the batman. even though the screenplay only halfheartedly set about to develop the fictitious character, joseph francis keaton manages to reach hints of the interior turmoil and emotional rage that drive wayne to don his bat train and battle the downhearted life scum of gotham metropolis. visually, batman is a ravisher nothing short of a triumph for director tim burton and his output team. the movie successfully bewitch the film noir look and bleak, downcast aura of such batman mirthful books as " the night knight returns " and " the toss off joke. " richard burton ' s picture be a feast for the eyes; the $ 35 million budget is definitely on the cover. the sets, costumes, and realise - up be stupefy and worthy of oscar nominating speech. nicholson international relations and security network ' t joking when atomic number 2 boasts, " wait ' till they bugger off a payload of me! " his grimacing smile, unripened hair, and violet suits over orange shirt are colorful and steep. keaton ' s press is equally appropriate. batman ' s ness, mask, and body armour make him look threatening, terrorisation, and invincible delivery to mind non adam west ' s campy costume in the tv series but peter weir ' s outfit in robocop. production designer anton furst ' s set are a marvel. gotham city is dark and foreboding, almost as if it make up an expressionistic visual sensation of fresh york. the batcave follow cold, bare, and desolate. the man that richard burton and furst have created in batman is a melancholy incubus of violence and corruption. the movie ' s gritty bladerunner / robocop flavour embody a joy to behold. the plot, on the early hand, is not as arousal. the screenplay is non up to snuff in comparison to the stylized sets and superb playacting. information technology takes forever for what little level on that point is to at last kick into gear. batman tries to walk a thin business line between action and character psychology, but information technology run out to give u.s. enough of either i. as i note to begin with, the screenplay give us plenty of the joker, but it never amply establishes batman ' s psychological motif and underpinnings. in terms of natural action, batman is non as thrilling as you power expect. richard burton seem more concerned with the ocular and dramatic elements of the floor. more than anything, batman is a mood moving picture. while batman crataegus laevigata non completely absorb and excite you, it will belike affect you with its success at bringing to life the style and spirit of the batman comic al qur'an. thanks to it classifiable flavor, the movie like a good comic book ship u.s. to another world. 