every year - - every year at the festival, one hold off for that movie to come on, that one that just pulls me out of my ass, sticks its face up next to my nozzle, and roars " sur - prise! " into my bewildered visage. information technology ' s about always a surprise. information technology sure enough as niflheim was this time. astonish grace and chuck is be advertised as a modern fairy tale, of a male child in treasure state world health organization renounce his picayune league team for a really unusual reason. and, in the hands of anyone less careful than the creative faculty of this film, it might very well be nothing more than than a fairy tale, where we roll our eyes at times, smirk to ourselves, and mayhap get a forced tear out of the eyes and a " boy, i wish that could hap " suspire out of the lips upon pass the dramatic art and tossing the empty pepsi cup into the tripe. another einsteinium. t. another shortsighted circuit. this film floored pine tree state, for the simple reason that while it has a fairy narration concept, the rest of the cinema takes itself seriously enough, and presents itself well enough, to make it more of an american folk tale, with characters who live both icons and real people at the same sentence. america has always had it mythical heros, its paul bunyans and king john waynes; this film presents us with more general, but still universal, ideals: the true, innocent children who have their own inner sapience; the athletes who seem to be amalgamations of courage, honor, and love for their several summercater; the revered elected official who leads with kindness and understanding, but has the grit to get thing done when they demand doin ' (does the latter sound familiar? ). amazing grace and chow is a showcase for these characters, but it never leaves you with the feeling that it ' s artificial, that information technology stands behind glass, or that any crisp breeze - - or, to a greater extent importantly, sharp remember - - volition shatter the wax facade of the panorama. this is a very stalwart scenario. the principals be incessantly given dialog, and always give performances - - constantly (it exactly gasconade pine tree state away) - - which made them seem real, yet implement their particular mythic part. the writer / producer, david field, seem to literally take all the " yeah, but in actual life, this would accept happen " thoughts you get in your head, sticks them in the movie and uses them to bend the plot around to his original heading, in a stronger way then before! amaze! he uses obstacle to the patch to * enforce * information technology! i cost rightfully impressed (indeed, envious) with the acquisition in which atomic number 2 wrote the story and screenplay; information technology ' s therefore very strange, especially in a hollywood film. 1 preceptor ' t require to make too much away, but the basic assumption be that chuck (joshua zuehlke ), the piddling league pitcher, decides to impart up baseball game because of nuclear weapons. his determination set about an unlikely series of events that involve another athlete, a boston basketball player (alex english ), " gravel " grace smith, and, easily, i ' m leaving information technology at that because i wouldn ' t despoilment this film for you for the mankind. permit maine just say this, though: i am not recommending this film because i mean it birth a great message surgery because of any political positions it mightiness involve. i don ' liothyronine give a scum bag ' s ass for the political point - of - view this film express, one way beaver state another; iodin ' m urge you go see this picture show because, and only because, information technology ' s an excellent story, told with excellence. no, i don ' t consider what happen in this celluloid could happen in veridical life; while ace tend to believe the weapons system control policy of this country is stilted, i consider in careful talks, mutual verification, etc. screw what i think. the spot is, this moving picture show is able to suspend my mental rejection and tell a tale that constitute one of the most finely crafted pieces of american dream i have always seen on the moving picture screenland. this is the natural and to a greater extent - - totally the mythical quality without the pretentiousness or the forced touch sensation of the conclusion, and a practically better script to kicking. it carried me into the beliefs and paragon of my boyhood - - and, to a greater extent importantly, without any bump or saccade that would crack me out of the trance with some hint of ego - cognizance. special kudos to: both zuehlke (a actual - life little league hurler who was picked for the part) and english (a forward for the denver nuggets) for their unseamed personification of their characters; jamie lee curtis, who take a surprisingly small role and makes it exceedingly memorable as amazing ' s manager and friend; william l. peterson (in a * big * change from his role in to live and die in l. a.) as a father who shows principles without having to stand up and wave a flag doing it; and gregory peck, as the guy we wish ronald reagan really was (and who some numbskulls still probably think he is 