james cmaeron ' s breakthrough feature was the beginning of his motion picture to showcase his compulsion with technology and to a greater extent specfically technology run amok. for those of you who make non know the plot: in 2029 machines have engineered a atomic for the expressed purpose of wiping out the human race. human survivors are systematically hunted go through and demolish. however, some humanity are fighting rearward led by the heroic verse john the divine connor. to stop connor, the machines charge a eradicator (arnold schwarzenegger) back to 1984 to murder connor ' s mother, sara (linda hamilton ), and thus preclude connor from e'er be born. in answer, the humans send a defender, kyle reese, played by michael biehn. image of machines and of homo ' reliance on machine dominate the film. even though the character reference know that the benignant oil drillers of 1984 will become the ruthless hunter killers of 2029, human carry on to use the machines. in the climax of star wars, luke relies on the force alone - - his ain spiritual might - - to ruin the end star. in the terminator, even so, sara must use another political machine - - a gargantuan hydraulic closet - - to vanquish her opposition. cameron seems to personify implying that this reliance on applied science is inescapable - - and he ' s not felicitous about information technology. unabated technical growth brings about the terminator ' s other compulsion: the book of revelation. we have plentitude of imagery regarding armageddon: thousands of human skull line the streets of next la. fry look on the flames in a burning television. when the eradicator get in 1984 an almost biblical lightning storm precedes him. even though the " future is not place, " in that respect is no doubt about where the world is headed at the terminal of the movie: the machines leave rise and the humanity will have to struggle for their very existence. all sara can do be await it. ( cameron doesn ' mt wimp out similar he does in terminator 2 ) the end of the world represent the human race ' south own defect, as well. after all information technology is the humans that create in the evil automobile in the first position. backwards in 1984, when the frigid war cost all the same in full effect, the film must have been seen as a very apt metaphor for atomic state of war (another obsession of cameron ' due south ). these day, unitary can take a criticism of machine - like behavior in mankind. on key, humanizing touches are place into paul winfield ' atomic number 16 and lance henriksen ' s detective characters, but the terminator is also able to strike through the metropolis undetected. cameron also draw parallels between the mechanical efficiency between the exterminator and reese when they first come in 1984 la. from a technical point of view the exterminator is real well done. arnold schwarzenegger live a perfect opponent - - unstoppable, merciless, obdurate. we are non meant to empathize with this ultimate killing car as we are in some of schwarzenegger ' s afterward works (eg, commando ), but reverence him. cameron and hurd ' s hand basically depict a one hour and forty - 5 minute chase, taking a few moments here and thither to excuse sentence travel and develop the romantic subplot. while we exercise look the hackneyed dialogue cameron be now so well known for, there be also considerable suspense especially for the first clip witness who whitethorn be unsure of kyle reese ' s intentions. cameron directs the motion picture show at a rapid, energising stride. either the photographic camera is moving oregon something within the material body is moving - - normally both occurs. the violence is non particularly in writing (tabernacle of doom ' s heart - pull setting outgrosses the exterminator ' southward ), but information technology be brutally staged making it that a lot more efficient. for a low budget film, the terminator ' s particular effect and art direction (specially in 2029 lanthanum) are remarkably well done. special mention should represent made of the stop motion effects work at the end of the cinema portray the terminator endoskeleton. information technology be some of the best stop apparent movement i have ever seen. one affair that doesn ' metric ton hold up after all the years, even so, represent linda hamilton ' s hairdo. 