susan granger ' s review of " osmosis mary harris jones " (warner bros. ) if the farrelly brothers taught physical body & physiology in school, no one would cut always class. this articulatio coxae, live action / animation story begins as a monkey snatches a hard - boiled egg from frank, a zookeeper (bill murray ), world health organization take hold of it back, drops information technology, and so gobbles up the contaminated morsel, explaining, " if it make and ground and you pick it up within tenner seconds, you can eat it. " like " fantastic voyage " (1966 ), the sham - skill invigoration then takes ended when his body ' s immune organization contacts dealings control as an ingested computer virus hits the digestive system: " be on the alert for illegal organisms! " eager to right " a tum evacuation error " helium once made, a cocky, clever, courageous lily white blood cubicle (chris rock) declares, " this be a offence aspect! " and teams up with a scrupulous " phi genus beta capsule " 12 - hour cold remedy call drixenol (david hyde pierce) to chase down feather and destroy the deadly " red death " virus (laurence fishburne) that ' s determined to remove frank down in xlviii hours, beating ebola and e. coli to a medical book. watch out for mucous secretion mudslides, pandemonium in cerebellum mansion and the detritus from booger dam (runny nozzle ), along with mirthful turns from molly shannon and chris elliot, plus the voices of william shatner and brandy norwood. peter and bobby farrelly, along with author mark hyman and animation directors piet kroon and tom sito, have turned their penchant for everlasting - out comedy, encompassing gas, festering sore and " come out a pimple without a permit, " into a peculiar, farrelly - funny family film. on the granger movie gage of 1 to 10, " osmosis john paul jones " is a wildly inventive, original, volatile septet. and perhaps, as they ' re laughing, kids leave learn where to find their uvula, along with nuggets astir sustenance and hygienics. 