in my review of at that place ' second something about mary, one said something to the event of " laughter isn ' liothyronine everything. " 1 immediately need to make a brief addendum to my postulate: laughter international relations and security network ' t everything, unless ace ' m find out a jim abrahams picture. see, travesty are easy with me. 1 get it on movies, and i erotic love movies that make fun of movies that i love. sometimes ane ' mb the only one in the theater laughing. sometimes i laugh so tough that i embarass myself because my laugh embody and then high - shift in comparison to my speaking voice (information technology cuts right through everyone else ' s laughter ). sometimes i laugh so much that my cheekbones are sore by the end of the film. abraham ' s late film, mafia! , induct this kind of delirium upon maine. it ' s gotten some fair reviews, merely, hey, i ' one thousand the guy world health organization laughs at everything. there may be a lot of jokes that flop in this cinema, but on that point are far to a greater extent that oeuvre, and i express mirth so frequently that the failed jokes usually occurred as i was recovering from the previous bout of giddy fury. iodin enjoy films alike this because not one second of information technology is grave operating theater thought - provoking. most lighweight films that pose as funniness try to execute other thing, comparable develop characters, shape taradiddle, and other such nonsense. cosa nostra! has no pretentions astir character or story, and it exist for no other ground than to make people laugh. the celluloid begins on the perfect high note, with a mockery of the opening of gambling casino. our cuban sandwich (jay mohr) is seen walk from a cassino and catch into his cable car, which subsequently burst and sends him vanish through the air against a background of flowing fire. to report the story of mafia! be absurd and pointless, but 1 will mention that information technology basically follow the framework of the godfather films, with a lot of gambling casino references stick in throughout. along the way, the parodies appear arbitrary, and rarely con mob films: pictorial matter same the english patient, forrest gump, and jaws undergo severe and hilarious bashing. movies like this rely on precisely a few things, merely the most crucial element is direction. abrahams has been kill this path many times before (spicy shots! , top secret! , aeroplane! , and any other plastic film with an exclamation point in the title ), and thence i retain most of the succeeder of mafia! to his experience. helium takes just the right attitude in each view, and manages to wring at least a bit laughter knocked out of even the most oddly placed reference (one inexplicable moment seems corresponding information technology wants to make fun of titanic, but it never develops ). the actor are all up and coming, which help a lot with the tone of the picture. mohr (suicide martin luther king, paulie ), who be chop chop becoming one and only of my preferred actors, is so good hither. helium face alike he ' s having so much fun that helium ' s containing his laughter in every scene (watch his human face in the sequence by the swimming pool ). helium ' s credibly the sole performer in the cast who make out to urge laughter without the supporter of the material. lloyd bridges do a decent imitation of brando ' s godfather, while pamela gidley comprise dead - on in a total - blown mockery of sharon gem. the surd thing about writing review for comedies is that atomic number 53 ' m speculate to give examples of things and be specific. unfortunately, i follow so constantly blindsided by laughter during cosa nostra! that i pot ' t remember a bunch of what arrive at me laugh. but that ' s a upright mansion: mafia! is so risible that one wasn ' liothyronine yet given time to apply any of the scenes to memory. i laughed so unvoiced that it keep out off my brain. unity know that doesn ' t sound particularly complimentary, but when watching a dumb comedy similar this, the initiatory affair i want to behave is shut forth my mastermind. at last, a flick that practise this for me. 