after a rather disappointing " blessed virgin railly ", sir leslie stephen frears is now formally back in business organization with a comeback worthy of praise. this is one of the practiced surprise of this time of year - - a sweet, small budget drollery with a full grown heart. in fact it ' s not still a drollery. it ' s a drama or even more exact - - a clever irony on human human relationship and needs. based on a 1995 critically applaud novel by british author nick hornby, ` ` high fidelity ' ' cost a wry and likable story about a gentleman's gentleman ' s seeking for fulfilment and felicity. rob gordon was a dj. information technology seems that helium could make everything spin - - except his own life. like a shot he own championship vinyl, a little musical store, somewhere in unexampled york. when he suddenly gets dumped by his girl, a gorgeous blonde lawyer, life short looses every purpose. decimated, mortify and on the verge of a mental (and emotional) breakdown, he starts excogitate over his life and the way it could receive been - - astir what ' s right hand and what ' s important. he start " categorise " life, dividing it into " top 5 tilt ". and the most important is the " top 5 list " concluded the most abominable breakup of his life, starting with 5th grade, when he find his young lady friend with another male child. though you might think that people change, grow to a greater extent mature with historic period, information technology simply doesn ' t seem that means and all rob ' s kinship were different versions of that first. where do he go wrong? was it atomic number 2 that screwed improving? or maybe life but stinks? while atomic number 2 be turn a loss in his own self - pity, atomic number 2 moldiness think of the " top 5 list " over his needs for the future, determine the right elements and fuse his life together. with clever parallels to the fad of famous person, music and with fabulously lineal tale, it addresses the average audience member, in other word - - citizenry like you and maine. although a lot of this award should be addressed to the film writer ______ and frears, the conductor, the acting is equally significant as the spell word. and here john cusack should utterly equal mentioned. atomic number 2 is simply superb. it is as much his picture as it be frears '. the motion picture show would not be the same without him. cusack - - whose theatrical role is sadder, wiser and 35 - - brings intelligence operation and affectionateness to post - mod caustic remark. most of his dialogue be extradite directly to the camera - - non an leisurely task - - only cusack pulls it off. his interpretation feels hence emotionally right, thence incredibly naturalistic and precise that frears ' message simply fanny ' t cost brush off operating theater overseen. the early members of the cast do an equally singular line of work. both ______ and jack black are mythic. even catherine zeta jones appear in a persona where she really acts, non just looks beautiful. however, the most unexpected pleasant surprise is provided by todd louiso who fork up a outstanding comic performance as rob ' s co - worker and friend dick. this is such an telling achievement that information technology ' s almost deserving a oscar - nominating speech. he be simply a joy to lay eyes on. other than, everyone are in their spot, and at the correct time - - all part of frears ' colorful blend. pretty much like edward norton ' s " keeping the faith ", this motion picture doesn ' t come any normal oregon belong to any genre - - it ' s dramatic, tragic, sarcastic, funny and even misanthropic, but never acerb or wild. it ' s a niggling bit of everything, pretty much like lifespan itself. zip seems unreal or staged. it reverberate reality as a mirror. as you follow it, you go done the same excited problems as the main character. you feel and think and mull. this effect has become a rareness today. although it ' s primarily astir the peril of love, ` ` high faithfulness ' ' is secondarily about pop medicine. rob possess backup vinyl and his employees, faint dick (todd louiso) and overbearing barry (jack black ), are fellow music snobs. music is the language in their sprightliness, the measure by which they delimitate themselves and mark the significant outcome of their lives. and thus does the movie. it be as much a musical film as anything else, as rob ' s journey is wonderfully portray through carefully insert melodious fragments. in the end, you have bring in something while watch over information technology. it ' s not the film of the one c surgery even of the year. it ' s non an special effects extravaganza. information technology doesn ' mt require big burst or digital creatures to succeed. it ' s a small movie about the heavy affair. and even though it does not contain hard doctrine, you feel as if you have have something of significance, and you will experience that decent warm feeling for quite some clock time. 