the verdict: back - chill dramatic play from horror maestro stephen king, feature an outstanding, oscar - winning functioning from kathy bates. geez, french and saunders had a field day when they correct to work on parody this! sorry, non - british readers may not be intimate with french and saunders - my excuse. the pair are british comedienne (jennifer saunders by and by went on to turn edina monsoon in " absolutely fabulous " ), who did a serial publication of film lampoon a few years rearward, including alien, the exorciser and miserableness. gratuitous to articulate, amidst her chucklesome impersonation of kathy bates (the resemblance was quite uncanny! ), dawn french got pretty nasty with her sledgehammer when in scope of jennifer saunder ' s legs! but despite the lingering retentiveness of their resume, and although i ' ve instantly seen the film a mates of times now, that " hobbling " scene make up no to a lesser extent disturbing! i ' m still leave call at the telly in revulsion! that may make up the to the highest degree memorable scene, but it ' s certainly non the only worth watching. sir leslie stephen king, whose film and tv adaptation be given to vary in timbre, strikes gold with this simple even strikingly compelling tale. information technology ' s a nicely crafted psychological horror, which effortlessly succeeds in drawing you into the plight of writer phil sheldon (james river caan ). rescued from a railroad car fortuity by annie john wilkes (bates ), who introduces herself as the writer ' s " turn ane fan ", he soon becomes her captive. both the script and kathy bates ' attractively masterful performance (for which she won an oscar) work arm - in - branch as we quickly begin to realise that beyond her bubbly exterior the woman is basically as nutty as a fruit - cake (operating theater is that fruity as a nut - cake? ). bates relish her demanding role, and her carrying into action is naught short of a masterpiece. at times she seems like an clean handed dupe of her own obsessive behaviour, at times she ' s a quite tragical eccentric, and more a great deal than not she ' s just damn scary! this is fundamentally a very uncomplicated narrative, merely it achieves a large level of smoothness in its simplicity. information technology ' s an involving, engrossing experience - and reckon it ' s basically a 2 - hander, mainly set in one locale, information technology ' s a singular spell of cinema. there constitute no jazzy special consequence or cheesy legal action sequence - this matchless relies solely upon rob reiner ' s stylish directing and the wonderful performances of bates and caan. buckeye state, i haven ' triiodothyronine really mentioned caan yet - helium coiffe a well job as the writer who ' s a prisoner of his own winner (annie is obsessed with him and his book ). only, as you no doubtfulness gathered from the above - bates is well and truly the star of the appearance. along with the pig, of course! anyway, the tension is build up - astir with consummate cool, and some scenes are almost agonisingly tense. there ' s the dinner party scene where seldon goes to nerve - shatter duration to poison her vino. he come after, but. .. she smash the glass over! i bet you threw a pillow at the screen as well! in the immortal watchword of homer j. simpson - " viosterol ' ohio! ! " other nerve - wracking scenes include the bit where annie has gone off to town and sheldon starting snooping around the sign of the zodiac. we cut to annie in her car - she ' s on her agency home. .. he realises this and tries to baffle back to his elbow room. .. cut to the elevator car again, she ' s getting near. .. will he get information technology? ok, so these sequences aren ' tetraiodothyronine precisely original, nor perhaps unpredictable - simply they work! boy, do they sour! if a picture has you on the sharpness of your couch, prick your nail and shouting at the projection screen in suspense, then information technology ' s doing something right! of class, the most loathsome sequence is the said " hobbling "! annie realises her prisoner make comprise proscribed of his elbow room, and she ' s going to stop him once and for all. pool stick a block of wood rate strategically between his ankles and a brobdingnagian sledgehammer, and. .. i feel badly precisely think astir it! nasty. it all build up up nicely to the final scene where sheldon at last catch the upper hand, and once and for all tries to kill the sick psycho! and so we ' re make one of the most ridiculously ended - the - top scrap scenes i ' ve always seen. she gets hit over the head with a typewriter, set on fire, head smash against the wall - and she just win ' t dice! sheldon isn ' triiodothyronine in awful unspoiled shape either. if it weren ' t so gorey information technology would almost live laughable. but it ' s a terrifically in force film, and therefore the daft sexual climax embody easily overlooked. miserableness is a tight, tense, intense and chillingly entertaining thriller. the directing be first - pace, and the performances - bates in peculiar - contribute to defecate this a suitably hair raising piffling gem. wonderful material. ? - * - * - * - * - * - * - * - * - for more than regularly - updated motion picture and goggle box review, check out my internet site! http: / / world wide web. geocities. com / hollywood / bungalow / 4960 - * - * - * - * - * - * - * - * - 