abridgement: this is a film that avoids easy answer. wilhelm furtwangler, and so the world ' s greatest orchestra conductor stayed in germany and collaborate with the german nazi. what were his views, was atomic number 2 a war crook or a secret resistance scrapper? how much did he get laid about crimes against humanity? the us administration look into him after the war and this film exist a dramatisation of that investigation. , gamy + 2 (- 4 to + foursome ) in my opinion one of the secure moving picture show of the last few eld is istvan szabo ' s sunshine, a film that covers the fortunes of a jewish hungarian family nether the reigns of three different regimes, hungarian aristocrat, nazis, and commie. szabo ' due south follow - upwards film, a german production, is much more circumscribed in ambit. it is astir the post - war investigation of who criminally put up the nazi and who opposed them. ronald harwood ' s screenplay ambiguously looks at the investigation of a great classical euphony conductor world health organization stayed on in germany when the nazis took ability and became the most pop conductor of the third wilhelm reich. maj. steve benedict arnold (played by harvey keitel) has been assigned by his superscript to enquire wilhelm furtwangler (stellan skarsgard ), perhaps europe ' s greatest greco roman music music director. when other artists take flight germany, furtwangler remained behind and conducted for the hitler and his henchmen. after the warfare is concluded arnold assigned to interview furtwangler and member of his orchestra and if appropriate to prosecute him for warfare crimes. he secretly is told by his commanding police officer to find furtwangler guilty. from on that point we follow him and find out a little about benedict arnold and something about furtwangler and his orchestra. as helium question phallus of the wartime orchestra matthew arnold starts noticing odd peculiarities that may or may non point to a conspiracy against his probe. there make up a certain monotony to the responses that he is getting. perhaps any cooperation helium is getting have been in some fashion managed. if so, perhaps he can ne'er come to the truth. in large portion the picture show is about psyche games that arnold uses to pull strings his interviewees and especially furtwangler. where the script has job is that in the remnant information technology be so ambiguous. it experience no obvious resolution and not much of a final act. when it is over whether anything has been established be opened to interpretation. maybe that is better than thus many films that make it all to obvious what the audience should believe, but it be corresponding watching a execution secret and never finding forbidden world health organization the killer is. we are pass on clue to something but they are never tied up. in the end we just know more than about both arnold and furtwangler. the film embody basically a phase play. the visual is not rattling significant. recess are cut visually including touches like filling windows with picture to avoid having to take on location. as with a stagecoach play, what this photographic film center on the dialog, and that is intriguing. i rate the plastic film an 8 on the 0 to x scale and a eminent + two on the - 4 to + quaternity scale. [ at that place is i piece of sloppiness few people just maine would notice. at ane point we understandably see arnold ' s desk calendar say " january 16 tues. " a quick mental calculation told pine tree state that combination could go on in 1945 and then not again until 1951. the events had to take blank space in 1946 or 1947. a potential date could follow get from any world almanac. ] 