at one point during brian first state palma ' s offense heroic poem scarface, the radiant michelle pfeiffer turns to a rave al pacino and pops a question that the audience has no doubt been wanting to ask for themselves: " can ' t you stop saying ' fuck ' all the clock time? " fucking practiced question, that. information technology whitethorn non make up an honour that instills the filmmaker with pride, but as far as i can tell oliver stone ' s handwriting contains the tell expletitive more metre than any other picture show in cinema history. yet it would be a shame if high risk linguistic process is all de palma ' s scarface is remembered for, because this comprise a damn ok gangstar flick. the overall structure is similar to howard hawks ' 1932 original, merely this time the view has switched to miami, fl and our anti - hero ' s chosen frailty be cocaine traffiking. pacino, sporting a thick cuban accent, render one the best performance of his career (golden ball nominated) as tony mt, a cuban refugee with a criminal yesteryear who fly castro and comes to america to live the american dreaming. and live it out he does, with gobs of wildness, abuse, slaying and the funny white powder. from his early job as a drug runner for various middlemen, tony montana makes information technology clear to everyone he meets that he ' s not a man to be fucked (sorry ). presently he ' s the king of the cocaine heap, but his live fountainhead and an increasingly out of restraint drug addiction prove his unfastening. " never do your own stash ", warn one graphic symbol early on in the film. every bit certain as night follows day, the emperor of miami finally falls. writer oliver lapidate and music director brian de palma have an explosive combination here. gem ' s script offer hearty storytelling and some fine character development. mt be fascinating; uneducated but reckon, a neat shooter world health organization speaks from the heart; an ambitious, violent man yet one with a scruples. a humans ferociously protective of his beautiful 20 year old sister, non wanting her to make up sucked into the glitzy, life threatening world which he inhabits. pacino live dynamite, taking to the role with a brooding, bristling energy which in his more recent flick has much degenerated into just simple overracting. pfeiffer also record strongly as the gangstar mol with no inner life. just once does tony express real affection for her and his desire to consume children, and even then you sense all he real require is a regular screw and a beautiful object to show away to his friends, and she ' s happy to hold. this isn ' metric ton as meaty a role for pfieffer as sharon stone ' randomness was in casino, but its an in effect one nonetheless and she aquits herself advantageously. as director, de palma sets up a number of spectacular scenes with his typical stylistic brauva. the escalating tenseness he creates in various mob situation - a drug deal survive wrong, an assination attack - is ofttimes thrilling, and in this respect helium is every bit the adequate of scorese and coppola. where he take issue from, tell, coppola ' south godfather trilogy is in his overall treatment. coppola gives his crime saga an operatic sweep, whereas in al capone de palma opts for a grittier feel. and it utterly suits the material. the only major bloomer be giorgio moroder ' s mostly crap synthesier grudge. it ' due south just non right, and unluckily compromises the wallop of some otherwise good aspect. as expected, scarface is very tearing at times, but you shouldn ' t constitute watching gangster movies if that discomfit you. at over two and a half hr in length it ' s a true epic poem, and if you ' re a fan of the musical style you ' ll sexual love f * * potassium - filled second of it. 