warning: if you actually wish to see the film, bar reading this and witness information technology. while 1 don ' t c any patch inside information, the more than you know about a movie, the more dissatisfactory and built up it get (waiting a month to view titanic did the same thing ). only, in a nutshell, information technology ' s a good film. star wars episode i: the phantasm threat survey by vince yim never having be the biggest star war fanatic in the world (i was more into superstar trek: the next generation ), it live difficult to concern to the mass fandom surround the latest installing, the phantom menace. however, information technology rear ' t be ignored. eternal toys line the shelves, eternal news reports, and a multi - one thousand million dollar advertising campaign makes it all the to a greater extent unmanageable. with the level of this plug, unity would recall an overhyped disaster from 1998, godzilla, which decidedly failed to last up to first moment. thankfully, the phantom menace do much, a good deal well. while the " first " star warfare trilogy told the story of jedi knight luke skywalker, the prequels backpedal to narrate the back - history of obi wan kenobi and a untested jedi list anakin skywalker (who would become the father of the church of saint luke and eventually become darth vader ). without blowing to a fault much of the chronicle, the phantom threat evolves around a peaceful major planet naboo, which follow being held hostage by a greedy trade confederation, and it ' s up to two jedi knight (qui - gon ji, played by liam neeson and obi - wan kenobi, played by ewan mcgreggor) to free it. the phantom menace has involve a literal whipping from various film critics, leaving me to lour my expectations middling. common complaints wander from want of characterization, weak narrative, poor guidance of actors, the dated style, and too much centering all over special gist. still, film critics often apply much historical hypothesis in regards to picture show literary criticism, a great deal of which the norm film buff does not worry for. thus, this film is a pot of fun and definitely an advance over the premature films (even with the " improvement " in the particular edition ). there are many memorable sequence throughout the film, pasture from the fasting and furious " cod race " sequence (which live a return on the chariot airstream in " ben hur ") and the many fight scenes involving legions of battle droids. utilise technology that be light eld beyond anything made before, special effects and computers are used to create everything from monsters to robots to amazing cityscape with incredible contingent. no issue how many times you watch this flick, you will catch something young. the level of humour personify a bit high than the previous films as advantageously, mostly carry through the reluctant hero jarful jar binks, who belong to a race jazz as the gungans. better described as an mr. bean from the planet naboo, atomic number 2 slip the show. unfortunately, being that he is a computer - generated fibre, tell a bit about the direction of the histrion (although natalie portman as the queen exist pretty in force, as be jake lloyd as the young anakin skywalker ). with star wars mania at an all time high, in that location is the risk that the film will disappoint (i myself throw my doubts ), which this photographic film do hold a trend to coiffure at clock time. in that respect be a few logic problems with the plot of ground, several things are left unchecked, and at times seems to be made only for diehard star wars devotee (although the appearance of the tusken spoiler make for more than a few laugh ). that, and young anakin skywalker is a genuinely annoying reference, coming off as a smarmy, chesty brat (with such an mental attitude, it ' s no marvel why he turns to the dark side ). yet, it look that many people, particularly critics, are missing the level. the picture show is some of the most fun deuce and a half hour that you ' ll blow in your life, which is something i wouldn ' t brain serve again. while it may non give birth the psychological impact of an academy award contender, world health organization really cares? the film equal vestal playfulness from beginning to end. and isn ' t that what really thing? 