[ note that followups are channelize to rec. humanities. movies. current - picture show and rec. arts. motion picture. startrek. current only, non to rec. arts. sf. movies. - moderator ] star trek: world class contact a picture show review by michael dequina right of first publication 1996 michael dequina wizard trek: first contact (pg - 13) anyone familiar with the series of virtuoso trek movies knows of the " yet - unmatched normal " - - the still - numbered installments of the series are unspoilt while the unpaired - numbered ones are, well, non - so - good. the pattern continues with the new genius trek: 1st contact, an energetic sci - fi adventure that (coincidently?) is the 8th entry in the hugely popular serial. in this initiatory trek feature to feature only cast members from the late champion trek: the future generation television serial publication, captain jean - luc picard (patrick james maitland stewart) and the rest of the 24th - century crew of the starship enterprise - - commanding officer will riker (jonathan frakes, who also directed ), android lt. cmdr. datum (brent spiner ), lt. cmdr. geordi laforge (levar richard burton ), lt. cmdr. worf (michael dorn ), dr. beverly crusher (gates mcfadden ), and counsel deanna troi (marina sirtis) - - travel back to 21st - century solid ground while doing battle with the borg, a airstream of cybernetic beings that share a collective mind with the borg queen (alice krige ). the borg intend to alter history and take in all of humankind into their race - - initiate with the worldly concern - revolve work party of the enterprise and a 21st century stowaway (alfre woodard ). this is an interesting plotline that is sure to mesmerize trekkers all over and hire everyone else, but, unfortunately, it only makes up the star trek one half of the hand by brannon braga and ronald d. thomas moore. the other half of the title - - first contact - - refers to a subplot that takes place on 21st - century worldly concern, where riker, troi, and laforge meet legendary scientist zephram cochran (james cromwell ), who is about to embark on the first warp speed flight of steps in human history, which directly leads to the world class contact with extraterrestrial being. while this chronicle does wed into the main plot of ground and pays off interestingly in the end, it is nowhere near as involving or exciting as the borg battles on the initiative. not helping matters be the tiresome cochran fiber, an eccentric whose sottish shtick commence out comical but becomes too one - note after a piece. in the end, though, the first contact subplot doesn ' t detract from the enjoyment of the pic as a whole. the story is distinctive sci - fi fantasy, but the strong belief of the cast - - most notably the constantly - phenomenal dugald stewart - - make you believe and care. frakes, making his feature directorial debut, keeps the action fleetly rolling along and redeem the action goods, still up the ferocity a notch (this is the maiden trek film to bear a pg - xiii rating) to greater outcome. st: fc take a heavy budget than the last trek outing, the middle star trek generations, and it definitely shows on screen - - the production design and especially visual and makeup effects are outstanding (in particular those involving the borg fagot ). braga and thomas moore ' s generally sharp script testament please both trek devotees and the eternal rest; the references to the borg storyline in the tv serial, the continuity with the previous film (e. g. the ongoing saga of information ' entropy emotion chipping ), and a momentary star trek: voyager crossover bequeath make trekker squeal with delight, but such points are make easily accessible to those less familiar to the trek mythos. paramount was reportedly worried about the stay office of it trek franchise with the next generation dramatis personae now carrying the helm. based on the entertaining success that is star trek: first contact, i ' d suppose the studio have nothing to worry astir (at least not until this cast retires and the gang of the pale hotshot trek: deep blank nine takes over. .. ). 