every at one time in a while, a film sneaks up on me and occupy me completely by surprisal. 1 preceptor ' t inevitably signify in terms of quality; rather, i ' g referring to the mere knowledge of its creation. usually i know what cinema are on the way a twelvemonth in advance, but two week ago atomic number 53 get ne'er heard of princess caraboo. it has slipped rather quietly into special release, and appear destined to slip out just as restfully. that ' s a shame, because princess caraboo is a delightful fable, amorous, patrician and really appeal. what ' s to a greater extent, it ' s surprisingly insightful and supply a sharp - witted example in english societal account. princess caraboo is base on an actual upshot in early nineteenth century england, involving a vernal woman (phoebe cates) world health organization be found wandering the countryside. evidently unable to talk any english, she is take in by proficient - hearted gentlewoman mr. worrall (wendy hughes ). her banker husband (jim broadbent) is none - to a fault - pleased about this strange houseguest, until the worralls start to consider that the cleaning woman may be royal house from an east native american island, the princess caraboo. this development inspires plan for a lucrative trading venture for mister. worrall, and an introduction into elite social band for mr. worrall. withal, local journalist john gutch (stephen rea) be non win over that the woman is what she seems to be, and sets come out to happen out the truth about princess caraboo. as a societal satire and comedy of manners, princess caraboo is a winner. it takes place in an earned run average when it be vernacular practice in england to jail vagrants and knack mendicant, and that practice comes in for an obvious hazing. only it is manage most effectively through the quality of mr. worrall, a sottish womanizer whose bank is in deep trouble thanks to his corruption and awkwardness. he is worse than ane of the idle rich; atomic number 2 is ace of the actively odious gentry so eager to distance themselves from the lower class they call back aught of simply eliminating them, and since the house and money are all from mrs. worrall, he is a bit too close to them for comfort. while hypocrisy is an easy target for derision, director and co - author michael austin keeps the treatment likewise light - hearted to live hard - handed. atomic number 2 also call for a singular stab at the trendiness of the upper classes, as the princess becomes a " ace " at court. in one of the film ' sulphur best sequences, princess caraboo is the guest of honor at a party hosted by the prince regent (a wonderfully foppish bit by comic lav sessions ), and the lords and ladies end up following her around in a thoroughly silly native dancing. it represent and so that princess caraboo shew how easily people are swept upward in " sensations, " an idea that take on a timeless quality (and makes the film an interesting companion piece to the current quiz show ). social commentary aside, princess caraboo is only an eminently enjoyable amusement. the performers are mostly delightful, particularly phoebe cates, who is radiant in a office that requires a talent for mime. her supporting instrumentalist are also appealing: wendy hughes as the affected role and kindly mrs.. worrall; kevin kline as frixos, the worralls ' mistrustful and superscript greek butler; sir leslie stephen rea as the world - weary but ultimately amorous gutch. alone john lithgow is a letdown, turn in a limp performance as a scholar who attempts to swan the princess ' s identity. the story twists and change by reversal just enough and then that the inquiry of whether or non the princess is really a princess is constantly in some uncertainty, without become gimmicky. it be inauspicious that the growing attraction between gutch and princess caraboo isn ' t given more prison term to develop, because the potential difference seemed to be there. when information technology finally execute flower, it seems overly quick to be plausible. princess caraboo is patient enough in establishing its signified of time and place that it might seem a bit slow to tv audience seeking a fantasy blowout. still, it has both escapist and intellectual charm, and be comfortably worth search out. it is the kind of flick that makes my occupation its most rewarding - - a hidden gem. 