before you show my revue, you gotta know that i love woody allen. this is a very important note because allen ' s film are generally an take on appreciation and in spades not for everyone. single know common people who believe him to constitute a terminated genius, while others see him as a muddy ol ' shnook who observe fix the same movie over and over once again. 1 love most of his film, but will admit to having been quite disappointed by his recent harvest during the 90s. in fact, wherefore he mat up the need to make 10 movies in those 10 years is beyond maine! if you look at the timber of those film, you ' ll hear what iodine ' m saying. the only two films of his that i very like during that metre were slug all over broadway and husbands and married woman. in fact, i secretly hoped that he would fill some " meter off " at the turn of the millennium, just to re - energize or something, but it doesn ' t appear as though he feature any intent of doing that. so hither i be again, refresh yet another woody allen movie and hoping that it brings back the woody from the day of onetime. plot: the yr is 1940 and woody grace ethel cecile rosalie allen is a top - snick insurance investigator. his method be very old - fashioned and patently out of date. a new employee (richard morris hunt) has just represent lease to streamline the operations for greater efficiency. the ii do not like each former. i night, they be both assign under a mesmerizing enchantment by a magician, and unbeknownst to them, placed under his mastery. soon thereafter, jewel are steal, words of love represent exchanged and everyone is look for an result. critical review: a wonderful recreation of the 1940s style movies, with the dissipated - spill the beans witty banter between co - workers, a tricky jazz score moving thing along, picture show noirish elements such as the speedwell lake - type sexpot, ane - liner galore and a fluffy, if inconsequential plotline. on the downside, the cinema actually set about off pretty easy, with the first hour cast out only a few guffaws out there, simply ne'er really generating any variety of steady flow operating room vigor. the sets, on the early hand, be astonishing, the production figure and costumes were perfect, and the casting ideal, so i kept hoping that the cinema would pick up and not turn into all the same another mediocre outing for the man. but it wasn ' deoxythymidine monophosphate not long before iodin be fully engaged by the character, harbour by the many zingers cede back - and - forth between allen and hunt, and really interested in the resolution of the motion picture show. i likewise appreciated how allen played the fine line between homage to the films of old, parody and literal reinvention (note theron ' s entire female character that is douse in film noir - rattling coolheaded ). of course, films like this (with little surgery no substantial tension in the plot) need solid actors to keep you interested in the quick - fire dialogue, and once again, allen does a corking business in playing his character, who for one time, isn ' t his typical new york judaic neurotic cheating insecure husband beau. atomic number 2 actually plays a " macho " guy hither and handles it reasonably well, particularly the scene in which helium ' s hypnotized. just the grown surprisal for me in this film was helen leigh hunt, an actress who i be openly " sick of seeing " in movies late last year (no good babe, you were just in too many at the like metre! ). anyhow, she ' s really nifty in this film as the headstrong adult female looking to a fresh era of equality amongst valet, and doesn ' t miss a round of allen ' s fast - pace dialogue. one didn ' t care much for her track joke about him " dying " whenever he left a room, but overall she be really good and i particularly wish the way that her sweaters clung to her breasts as they did. .. yum, yum! harumph, but i digress. hence let ' s recap. a great look word picture with a nice jazzy scotch, some funny unrivalled - liner, specially in the second half, a decent plotline, although you shouldn ' t expect a real closed book or anything, and some solid acting all around. i can ' t enjoin that this is still remotely close to any of allen ' s secure employment, but i certainly believe it to be a step in the right management, especially after the dinkey tenner of films that he just went through. it ' s likely considerably geared towards allen fans more than anyone else, but i would still recommend this film to anyone appear for a cute, " former - school " kind of vibe, with chemistry between the leads, lively dialogue and a satisfying decision. little known fact about this film and its stars: annie hall (10 / 10) - celebrity (quintuplet / 10) - everyone says i love you (5 / tenner) - husbands and wife (nine / 10) - mighty aphrodite (5 / 10) - small time crooks (7 / 10) - when harry met sally (10 / ten) - you ' ve got post (4 / 10 ) 