with many big - budget science fable film, groovy theme are often squander by bad scripts, cheesy plot twists, and, severe acting. the 5th element, the abyss, and godzilla had bully construct squandered by bad playing, write, operating theatre both. at first glance, the ground substance, larry & andy wachowski ' s sci - fi / kung - fu / shoot - em - up striking, look like a prime candidate to join the inclination of high - concept bad pic, particularly with gooselike keanu rand in the leading role. but despite gamy storey of cheese and gaudy talks, the matrix work. information technology ' s an uncanny blend of action and surreal fantasy that borrows from dozens of former flick (most obviously the terminator films, star wars, and total recall ), but remains refreshingly original and interesting throughout. reef plays neo, a computer hacker world health organization stumbles into an initially bewildering set of brush with " triad " (carrie - anne moss ), a rival hacker who has supernatural powers and stunning good looks, a unseen, omniscient cult figure experience as " morpheus " (st. lawrence fishburne ), and a triad of creepy men in dark suit who act like irs agents from hell. neo quickly learns that the world he have known all his life is non what information technology seems. moreover, helium discovers that the grim, raw world he is introduced to have be waiting for him to hold open it. neo is reluctant to accept the office of christ, with grave doubts that helium is actually " the unmatchable " prophesized to come and save the world. reluctant operating room not, what follows be a mix of hong kong - manner boring - motion shootouts, phantasmagorical dream sequences, gamey speed chase, and funny book kung - fu combat. the film also raises interesting philosophic questions astir world. how precisely do you know what be real and what be in your mind? and if the real world were much harsher and grim than a fantasy single you were living in, would you want to face the dead on target world or persist in to live in a more comfortable illusion? regrettably, the matrix doesn ' t provide many answers to the questions it upgrade, but at least information technology lay some estimation behind all the explosions, shoot - out, and fly roundhouse kicks. perhaps slip the entire show in the matrix be australian thespian hugo weaving, world health organization play agent david smith, the leader of the creepy agents in sunglasses and suits who appear capable of embody anywhere and doing anything to stop neo and friends from destabilizing the matrix. weaving ' s stony appearance, deadpan voice, and chilling comments put a depressed human face on the haunting, malefic technical force out that controls the matrix. like robert patrick as the shapeshifting thymine - 1000 terminator in terminator 2: judgement day, meander is more frightening than any monstrous noncitizen or homicidal robot because, despite his power and seeming invincibility, he search ordinary, even scrawny. weaving embodies his role with a memorably cool presence. the film features some truly breathless special effects and fashionable motion picture photography. it seems to embody deliberately kitchy, with stylized fight sequences direct by hong kong stunt medical specialist wo ping that reportedly requisite months of martial fine art training by the actors. in a few scenes, the sitting and posturing is unintentionally funny. just encounter keanu reeves engaging in grievous kung fu is a bit jarring. nevertheless, with the comic - book style and tone of the pic, you derriere support willing disbelief long enough to enjoy the ride without lose forbearance. the ground substance international relations and security network ' t a classic. it exposed - end and confusing conclusion enkindle more questions than it answers. it fails to conclude many of information technology ain plot twists and philosophical questions. it likewise relies on some conventional sentimentality to save the wedge - the sort of shmaltzy feel - skillful guck that most of the photographic film avoids. reportedly, the producers have in high spirits hopes for the moving picture being the first in a trilogy and have already begun work on the level for the continuation. unluckily, audiences deserve a little more than a wispy sense that the chronicle bequeath continue in the future. the matrix be an playfulness, gratifying diversion, similar a big drag of cotton candy at a funfair. just father ' t live surprised half an 60 minutes later when you even so feel a little hungry. 