iodin require to set what i wrote in a former retrospective of david list ' s state of war picture. 1 still think that information technology doesn ' t deserve be the number long dozen in the american film institute ' s leaning of the 100 greatest american movies. and i consider that lumet ' s " 12 angry men ", wilder ' s " watcher for the prosecution " and kubrick ' s " paths of glory " would get been well choice for the best pic oscar in 1958. only iodine can ' t deny the grandness of " the bridge on the river kwai " - cinematically and in its contentedness. the plastic film is coif in burma in 1943. a bataillon of british soldiers in japanese war captivity be force by the japanese to build a strategically momentous railway bridge ended the river yuan. only the british overlooking officer, colonel nicholson (alec sir alec guinness ), insists - corresponding to the holland gin conventions - that his officers needn ' t piece of work as simple workmen. struggling toughly, gap. nicholson force the japanese commandant, col. saito (sessue hayakawa ), to give elbow room in this regard. afterwards col. nicholson assiduously commits himself for the building of the bridge circuit. atomic number 2 considers it an opportunity to lift his men ' siemens esprit de corps, and he wants to show superior british capability to the japanese. but the british high mastery transmit a few soldier world health organization shall destroy the bridge circuit, among them the american shears (william holden) - an escapee from the japanese prison house camp - and the british major warden (jack hawkins ). .. a defect of the picture is the clich? d characterization of the nipponese citizenry. they are presented as if they be intellectually inferior to the british - as if the nipponese were incompetent of building a bridge. and the celluloid doesn ' tonne consistently question the military intent as kubrick does in " path of glory ". thin seems rather fascinated by the military hierarchy. this is as well perceptible in the conversations between col. nicholson and col. saito. in this esteem it be diagnostic that shears, who doubt the military logic, is a somehow unpleasant soul in the film. the hearing is supposed to applaud col. nicholson ' s perseverance concerning the doubtfulness if his officers shall exploit on the bridge or not. the spectator pump live supposed to neglect the risks col. nicholson takes for his men. ( the plot by - notch these risk. ) that think, the picture international relations and security network ' t perfect. only it has a lot of merit as well. it shows the " rabies " of warfare and what warfare can bring forth in citizenry ' s minds. it shows how col. nicholson becomes possessed by the idea of be a hero and that others (like shear) catch cynics. and " the bridge on the river kwai " make up an interesting study of characters with collide interest. these point and the sometimes ironic dialogue draw this film an anti - war film (despite the inconsistencies in the discourse of this root word ). david list ' s effective and atmospherically perfect direction creates a high pitched suspense, especially in the striking (though not completely plausible) showdown. alec sir alec guinness does a magnificent job of bring col. nicholson to life and do him such an interesting character. the other actors deliver really good public presentation as easily. jack hildyard ' s fine color cinematography and the disposed mark be also helpful. i like this over the top film despite it weaknesses. ( c) karl rackwitz (klein special k? ris, frg, 1999 ) 