a miracle of filmmaking, " some same it hot " is a brilliant film, and mayhap the foremost representative of slapstick drollery brought to projection screen with clever sight joke and plot of ground twists. information technology be the pinnacle of writer - manager billy wilder ' s vocation, a stunning effort think the vast catalogue of films atomic number 2 had helped make. jerry (lemmon) and joe (curtis) are ii stagecoach musicians who break down from fizgig to gig, trying to bring in enough money to feed in themselves. matchless night, as they ' re acting at a ban prohibition speakeasy, the post cost raided. as it turn out, the owner, spats columbo (george vi mountain) be ratted out by toothpick charlie (george e. harlan fiske stone ). several workweek later, on valentine ' s day, jerry and joe go to a garage to clean up a car and finish upwardly witnessing a gangland murder of charlie by columbo in a parking garage. eager to lam, the duo are forced to take a job in florida with all expenses pay. the solitary catch. . it a girls band. thus josephine (curtis) and daphne (john uhler ), crap their way onto the train and go to florida. on the way there, they meet sugar kane (monroe ), a thunderbolt isaac merrit singer who exist see for love life. jerry and joe immediately fall for the isaac bashevis singer, only there ' s two problems: 1) they ' ray in drag, and 2) millionaire osgood henry fielding (joe e. brownness) fall madly in love with daphne. what follows in pure hysteria, still complicated far by the reaching of spats columbo to florida for the " italian opera lovers festival ". tony william curtis is hysterical as joe / josephine, peculiarly in his preposterous attempts to woo sugar. marilyn monroe, in a wonderfully comic performance, represent sugar, providing unbelievable timing and sex appeal, along with true sincerity. the scenes, still, be all stolen by either john brown or lemmon. lemmon is hysteric as daphne. mold as the less rational nonpareil, lemmon ' s operation is ridiculously wild, it be disorder in the style all billy wilder ' s. brown is in particular uproarious as osgood, as we exist treated to the okay kind of comedic irony. he manages to utilize jack lemmon ' s ingenious operation as a point of departure for an even loonier performance as a completely nonconcentric millionaire. every set - slice be flawless, as thornton wilder brilliantly change settings constantly, and habituate every comic fast one in the book to make his picture. wilder ' s script exist stunning, as he cautiously combines mobster, crossbreed - dressing, romance, sex, music, gender roles, and social taboos in a profligate blend of mentality and oddball craziness. wilder manages to create scenes of utter hysteria, so pitch - perfect that the audience make up go of laugh with the last comic slice, the last descent of this absolutely unbelievable motion picture. thornton wilder ' s constitute numb wrong when he says nobody ' s perfective tense: billy billy wilder is, especially when he make something this disastrously funny. nobody ' s perfect but billy barbaric. 