note: some may moot portions of the following school text to be coddler. be previse. floating life, australia ' s first - ever submission to the honorary society of motion characterisation arts & sciences for consideration in the best strange speech film class (its dialogue be in cantonese, english, and german ), marks a special accomplishment by clara law. a compelling, at times poignant film, information technology manages to keep it truthfulness while teetering between funniness and melodrama. swim living centre of attention around a hong kong family unit ' s sense of dislocation and loss of identity after moving to australia in order to avoid the communist takeover of hong kong, and is divided into clearly defined vignette, each chapter label with title cards pertaining to houses, which serves to emphasise the picture ' s theme of family. the film open with mr. and mrs. chan (edwin stab, cecilia fong tattle lee) and their two teen sons (toby wong, toby chan) leave the bustling, claustrophobic metropolis of hong kong to join their 2nd daughter bing (annie yip) in australia. with their spacious, immaculately - whitened new house and the brobdingnagian abundance of neighbourhood verdure, the chans initially find this serene unexampled acres a unknown and wonderous one, and - with neurotic bing cooly remarking about the potential dangers of australian life (killer dogs, venomous spiders, dangerous ultraviolet rays) - a frightening matchless. this sets up a wonderfully amusing fit ahead of time in the film where the foursome immigrants, aimlessly ambling about their modern suburban neighbourhood, are sent scrambling by the yelps of a piffling white pup. the tone rig upward early in the film is broadly comic, and one expect floating biography to depict the clash of cultures as the chans struggle to acclimatize themselves to the new ways of australian life as they integrate themselves into australian society (a scene where the two teen sons encounter up with a sunbathing neighbourhood girlfriend is left dangling ), but the film suddenly veers towards an introspective and melodramatic tone. floating life agitate it focal point away from the exploits of the modern immigrants and towards bing ' s domineering of her newly - reunited family, setting out a set of stringent and oppressive rules which create fantastic tension within the household and threaten to fracture the family. meanwhile, elder daughter yen (annette shun wah ), happily settled in germany with her husband and young daughter, begins to abide an identity crisis, evidence itself with her claims to her patiently exacerbate husband that their modern domicile be cursed with bad feng shui, and further exacerbated upon hearing of the genetic conflict down under. among the striking threads of floating life, this is peradventure the near effective and engaging, with an interesting exercise set of characters and a storyline which generates a genuine aroused punch. the one misguided sketch in floating life sentence affect eldest boy gar ming (anthony wong ), left behind in hong kong to resolve versatile affairs on behalf of his family and to await his immigration papers before rejoining his parents and brothers in commonwealth of australia. emotionally detatched and aimlessly drifting, his equal an uncompelling character, and consequently subsequent attempts to suck up out pathos are uninvolving and uneffective. his desperate search for emotional fulfillment follow depicted by philosopical drone on the keen crown of an coming, which quickly becomes tedious. ms. law of nature ' s film cheerfully embraces melodrama - each of the major vignettes feature excessively emotional climaxes which i couldn ' t help but find reminiscent to wayne wang ' s acutely unsubtle the joy luck club - but despite the director ' s rather clear attack to tug at the heartstrings, i couldn ' t help but be touched by a powerful and affecting soliloquy delivered masterfully by cecilia fong sing lee which truly packs an emotional wallop and, in dramatic full term, is certainly the highlight of floating life. floating spirit at time spreads itself as well sparse; generate the myriad of characters necessitate, it could either stand to delve into each vignette a little deeper, beaver state narrow its focus to a select group of fundamental characters. nonetheless, it is a fine film, with a thoughtful and insightful screenplay by clara law and husband eddie ling - ching fong, and some superb acting by a cast consisting almost alone of non - actors (special note is to be fix of cecilia fong sing lee, annette shun wah, and a short but dazzling performance by an actress who portrayed lepisosteus osseus ming ' s girlfriend from vancouver ). floating life personify ultimately about the ties that julian bond a family line together, which be able bodied to withstand peachy distances and novel environments. 