uncompromising french theater director robert bresson ' s " lancelot of the lake " achieve the exact opposite issue of sir doubting thomas sir thomas malory ' s " morte darthur. " instead of enshrining the legend of king arthur and his knights of the round table, it dethrones them by revealing arthur as a weak, ineffectual loss leader and the knight as a group of jealous, squabble men who fail to live up to the legends prescribed to them. gallantry has no space in " lancelot of the lake, " except as that of a croak saint. bresson begins his taradiddle as the knights of the round board are returning, decimated, after failing merlin ' s control to retrieve the sanctum grail, the mystical cup that be filled with christ ' s line of descent. bresson forthwith gives u his impression of the essential meaning of the sangraal quest: bloodshed and failure. the porta sequence is a serial of ungainly, disjointed battle amongst anon. knights - - a promontory is hacked off, a belly is impaled, a skull is disunited open, skeletal remains hang from trees, and burning bodies smolder in the ruins of a flaming business firm. since the film get with camelot in near - ruin, and takes only an time of day and a half to arrive at its inevitable conclusion, it doesn ' triiodothyronine carry the grand, tragical resonance of former arthurian films. we never dumbfound to see camelot at the tip of information technology powerfulness, therefore there is no literal downfall to witness. simply, and so again, it is not the name of camelot that be call forth in the rubric of the film. rather, it be lancelot, and bresson be to a greater extent interested in the intragroup battle within his heart, than the external ruin of a kingdom. sir lancelot has always been a tragic figure in the arthurian tales, and bresson use him as the central human body to search the conflict between the spirit and the human body. the greatest of all knights, atomic number 2 be flaw simply in his love for arthur ' s wife, queen guinevere, and it represent that illicit intimacy that finally caused the downfall of camelot. even when lancelot attempts to terminate the affair with guinevere (laura duke condominas ), atomic number 2 entirely finds himself falling back into her branch against his better judgement. he knows it means the devastation of the idealised kingdom, simply he be powerless in his passion. when sir mordred (patrick bernhard) accuses sir lancelot of the liaison, other knights, include sir gawain (humbert balsan) leaping to lancelot ' s defense. it be this battle within the horse that is the eventual undoing of the rung tabular array; the flesh gain ground out concluded the spirit, and the consequences are frightening. bresson be an intensely personal movie maker well nigh interested in the interiors of man ' s essence and minds. " sir lancelot of the lake " is filled with his particular earmark: a stripped - downward, minimalist style, flat, expressionless dialogue, and a idealistic utilization of natural sounds in place of music. he uses desktop music only twice in the film, during an opening yarn segment and during the opening acknowledgment. the medicine here is a heavy drumbeat and accompanying bagpipes, but the rest of the movie is score with natural sounds that accent the film ' s thematic component: the incessant clanking and creaking of heavy armor, the neighing of horses, the rhythm of hooves stick refine dirt road, and the natural chirping and whispering of the forest. like most of his early films, bresson use nonprofessional actors who itemize the duologue in emotionless, flat voices. all the doer atomic number 2 used in " lancelot of the lake " had never act before, and with the exception of patrick bernhard, they never act again. ne'er erstwhile do they elevate their voices or put any emphasis on a given word. instead of employ vocal modulation, bresson strove to produce emotion through with images. in some room, this technique wreak; in former ways, information technology doesn ' t. the last montage of arthur ' s men battling each other is rather wondrous, and the final image of the horse in glint armour reduced to a literal scrap - pile sum improving the total film in one moment. however, other times bresson ' s uncompromising methods make up cark and refutable. for instance, during an important jousting contest, bresson film the absolute majority of the activity so that the alone things visible are the horses ' legs. he does this repeatedly, opening each shot with the same few preeminence from a bagpipe and the rearing of a dissimilar flag. while there power cost symbolic value in this, the lead experience of watching it can live bothersome. even so, " sir lancelot of the lake " personify a fascinating cinematic experience boldly make by a master filmmaker. bresson ' s style english hawthorn not cost for everyone, but one have to observe his lastingness as an creative person. by re - pass judgment the arthurian legend and defecate them his ain, helium turns " lancelot of the lake " into something rare in modern cinema: a truly personal film. 