billy bob thornton, world health organization had a sudden rise to fame with 1996 ' s sling blade after expend years as a near nameless player and writer, is turn unrivalled of the most versatile - and most completed - american actors around at the here and now. as francois jacob, the dewy eyed but at times very bright loser brother of bill paxton ' atomic number 16 hank, thornton gives a performance which should leave an indelible mark on all just the most toughened viewer. three gentleman, hank (paxton ), jacob (william thornton) and their friend lou (brent briscoe) stumble upon a aeroplane wreck which, upon closer inspection, yield a rotting stiff and a bag full of money. jacob and lou want to bag the cash. hank, the smarter - and perhaps more naive - of the trinity, insists on leave the money for the authorities to find. eventually, they agree to keep the hard currency safe until the plane be found, and then break up the money three ways. things start going wrong, though, with greed and violence weaving their room through with their plan. disaster comprise sure to strike. director sam raimi, of the evil dead and darkman celebrity, has made an fantabulous and think - provoking film, worlds off from the comic horror films which make his name. while there make up a twosome of moment which might cue one of his early work, raimi has made an intelligent and mature going away which will hopefully be a mark of even swell films to come. walter scott b. smith ' s screenplay, base on his novel (which i haven ' t read) exist a o.k. case of escalate tautness. while it exercise cue one of danny boyle ' sulphur shallow grave without the abundance of black humour, it keep the drama that should really be a part of such a narration on ethical motive, or the lack thereof, get hold in a film with this subject issue. alar kivilo ' atomic number 16 filming reminds one of joel and ethan coen ' s fargo, with the bleak, snowy landscape almost become another character. danny elfman as well does well with his helen wills moody, fine - written score. if in that respect ' s a fault in the film, it ' s that information technology move on for just a little likewise long. just when we retrieve that they are about to roll thing up, raimi and smith decide to countenance the film go on a little farther. while this isn ' thyroxin really a tough thing, it did turn a little frustrating at times (this whitethorn have be due to the fact that i had consumed a large sprite beforehand ). the performance follow excellent, with the usually devil paxton in fine variant and bridget fonda giving a scene - stealing routine as hank ' s scheming married woman. this is an first class showcase for thornton ' s fine skills as an worker and a great change in focus for raimi, who could very well receive a career onwards of him as an complete director of dramatic moving picture show. fingers cross, though, that this doesn ' t stop over him from making another evil dead subsequence. 