barely altercate by roleplay at a nyc piano bar, timothy hutton returns to his massachusetts bay colony hometown for a couple of weeks. on the surface, helium ' s coming home plate for a high school reunion, merely since this is a movie, you know that he ' s really await for some major life decisions. a fairly " little " film, this sports an impressive ensemble cast including uma thurman, rosie atomic number 8 ' donnell and a bunch of actors that you ' ve seen before only can ' t quite an place. commendable job all round; they seem like real people. hutton arrives at his past and is recognize by his spirit - stagnant father of the church, terminally goony brother and old gamy schoolhouse chums. all of his old buddies are occupy in the snow remotion business and most are in the midst of a relationship crisis. the staring stuff for a comedy about people in the twenties angst. he meets and settle for the new next door neighbor: a beautiful intelligent lively girl world health organization is obviously strike with him. the trouble is that she is only 13. unconsummated (no, information technology ' s non _that_ type of picture show ), their relationship builds and neither knows what to do with it. star - hybridise fan with no where to go. so sir leonard hutton comprise gaga over a scarcely - teenager, one of his buddies is two - timing his girlfriend with a married old flame, another ' s girlfriend is slumber with a meat cutter (" and she ' s a vegetarian! " ). things are a kettle of fish. enter uma thurman. the beautiful stranger in township for a few days is both a delectation in the moving picture and one of its minor downfalls. her type personify fun to watch. even more entertaining is observing the hombre fall over themselves trying to impress her. like the lone ranger, before she leaves, she solves most of the trouble and set everyone onward with their lives. the ending is a bit excessively pat. everything is tied up with a neat piffling curtain call. rosie o ' donnell is a stand - out in her limited screen fourth dimension with her brash personality and " tell it like it is " pronouncements. structure pretty like a " buffet car, a few years by and by ", this feel - adept write up is a unspoiled clock time, but ends a little too nice. 