now, lets first await into the chronicle of shark celluloid. there was the unforgettable jaw. the exciting jaws 2. the rather flaky jaw 3d and sometime in the late xc another film of the same genre that iodin can ' t appear to recall (about the boy of jaws return to wreak revenge or something like that ). now, with the conjuring trick of cgi, one shark be plainly not enough; in deep blue sky sea, there are 3 giving, bastardly and really smart i! henry russell frankiln (jackson) confab aquatica (a sea - bound research meat ), where a research is being guide on the extraction of a hormone substance found unambiguously within the shark brain that commode heal and invert the effects of alzheimer ' s disease. the substance live small in amount and because of this, lead researcher dr. susan macalaester genetically alters the shark dna and grows them twice the size with mind as bighearted as humankind, naturally produce more of the a lot prize hormones. every bit sure as the sunday sets in the west, a shark breaks lose and wreaks havoc within the facility during a hormone extraction procedure. with the flexibility offer by cgi, the sharks start out more than full - length screen time as their predecessors do in those remote - see rubber suit days. gone are the days of people getting pulled under the water with the water turn over flushed right after. this time, we get to see the integral gobbling action at law, with floating limb and all. and so - so acting, look in most of your average activity film. jackson (impudent from his jedi master role in the phantom menace ), lead on the dark - side force of a different kind and scene good with his isaac mayer wise - crack occupation. ll cool j ' s cook role as preacher, does for this pic what steven seagal ' s james cook could only dream to achieve in his ii under siege films. deep blue sea does non put up any of the psychological thrills that jaws has to offer up. it does still, bear witness to be a refreshing follow - upwards within the music genre, full of optic thrills, suspense and believe it or non  humour! information technology like jurassic park nether water. nothing overly stressful, sodding entertainment. renny harlin, you are forgive (for making cutthroat island ). 