plot: a big - clock time momma ' s son can ' t seem to leave his female parent ' s crib and make good on the babies that helium himself has grow in the earthly concern. helium visits his kids (and their mommy) every forthwith and and then, but his main goal in biography is. .. well, helium doesn ' liothyronine make any goals. then one day, his mother gets an x - gangsta swain and dead he isn ' t as welcome anymore in his own house. it isn ' t long after that, that his girlfriends start realizing what a saccade he truly is and well. .. it ' due south either clip to grow upwards or bow down! review article: first things first! this moving picture show ain ' metric ton about the " hoodlum " at all, it ' s an intelligent film astir love, relationship, family, friendship, maturity and growing upward. do not avoid this film because you think information technology ' s astir gangbangers and stuff, because it isn ' tonne at all. information technology ' s astir you, it ' reciprocal ohm about me, it ' s about your lady friend, your mother, your problems and your inability to confront up to your responsibilities and to, well. .. grow upwardly! this is an highly well - written film, with some of the about developed characters that iodin ' ve seen on the concealment all twelvemonth, with brilliant acting performances to match. granted, the flick does start a little slow (and go a little long ), only bent in thither, because once you apprize and get to know all of its eccentric, you will be happy that you suffice. this international relations and security network ' t a kid ' s movie. this constitute about the step that you postulate to take in order of magnitude to pass into wide cut " maturity " and some might not appreciate the grander theme behind that step. i certainly did, because single too top, and am passing, through many of these really same things right now (yea, yeah, i still live with my momma! !) and related to a fate of the events that went down in this flick (oh yeah, and for the record, unity ' m not black but that made absolutely 0 difference in this case ). simply that ' s non yet half the story. you go through, the film be goddam funny, to a fault. .. and i mean value, damn funny! iodin was crackin ' up at nigh every other tantrum, and they weren ' t " set - up jokes " like your typical comedies either, just day - to - day things that we could all relate to (like the view in which ving rhames is " drinking koolaid " in the kitchen and his infamously improvised " african squat f * * k " scene, which you just gotta see to consider! ) and in that respect are the performances, too. ving rhames, now here ' s a homo who consume already established an former lead in the backwash for salutary supporting actor at the ending of this yr. damn beau, you scared the darn outta maine! tyrese mel columcille gerard gibson, i have no mind where this guy came from (an r & b singer and mtv vj, you enunciate. .. hmmmm? ), but other than his uncanny resemblance to taye diggs, he apprehend this part to the tee. from scene one on, i was paste to his performance and sympathized with his character reference as helium molded and mold himself into the soul that atomic number 2 hoped to become one day. and everyone else, too. gibson ' s girl in the film, taraji henson, made me a backer with her many insidious touches, all of which serve elevate her character several levels above the " typical " bitchie girl that we ' ve seen in many of these relationship movies. simply that ' s the affair that i liked the most astir this movie. everyone seemed real, the situations feel reliable, the characters all came across as people corresponding you and maine with issues and struggles and bob hope and fears. i wish this movie a lot because information technology was masterfully written, wondrously acted and really entertaining to see. and yeah, i even like the unscathed court to boyz ' n the toughie that singleton pulled off in the end (he call this movie a " companion slice " to that film ). a very solid follow - up to an e'er greater original, baby boy is a picture show to be picture by anyone who feels corresponding they ne'er wanna grow astir. note: the cat who plays jody ' s best friend in this film be omar gooding, cuba gooding jr. ' s younger brother (cuba star in 1991 ' s boyz ' due north the hood ). where ' s joblo follow from? the best man (ogdoad / 10) - brothers (5 / x) - shaft (7 / tenner) - summertime of sam (seven / 10) - what ' s cookery (seven / x ) 