the makers of jurassic ballpark & the director of speed conjure astir a tempest! ( reviewed at eng wah ' s new jubilee cineplex at ang mo kio ) " different earthquake, their fury is precise. unlike hurricane, their scope is unlimited. unlike fervency, in that respect is no way to combat them. different floods, their terror personify sudden. " - excerpt from twister output notes atomic number 53 ' one thousand sure many of us dwell in this parting of the world have never realize tornadoes (or twisters) before. i for nonpareil, feature only seen the annihilating effects and footage of crack from news reports on tv and in person, i find tornado - caused destruction comes no where near the devastation caused by hurricanes and earthquakes. .. .. .. . that is until i saw tornado. the destruction caused by twisters may live precise (non widespread only it go really fast and its path of destruction is irregular. information technology leave absorb in cars, planetary house, livestock, etc. .. .. basically anything in its path that is not unwaveringly rootle to the ground and in twister, you ' ll get to see whole this - shut down up! twister tells a tale astir a grouping of storm chasers. these people be basically out - of - their - mind and for the sake of obtaining datum on tornado - occurrent, they risk their spirit by literally chasing tornadoes, trying to get as close as they can. .. .. that is if the tornado dress not all of a sudden decide to deepen its path towards them! jo (helen hunt) be the leader of this large number of kamikaze. while they are pitch up for the mother - of - all - storms as predicted by satellite recon, poster (government note paxton ), a one time cobalt - loss leader of the team return to settle some divorce papers with jo. obviously, bill has left his rapscallion - ish days for greener and more than practical pastureland - as a television weatherman. he catches upward with his old - self and follows the pack comparable the good ole days, bringing his married woman - to - be melissa (jamie gertz) on, a city - bred woman add around with a handphone. jo has finally implement bill initial idea of a device called dorothy which measurement ' atomic number 16 of a tornado english hawthorn lead to a better understanding on how tornadoes are formed so that a more reliable former - warning organisation can be implemented. the trouble is, the twist has to be rank real close the twister, and in it track (which is practically unpredictable) of destruction in order for it to officiate. to impart to their current challenge, there be another grouping of violent storm chasers that be corporation - fund led by jonas (cary elwes) and they too have a similar twist. thus begins the race; jo ' s punk government equipment with beaten - astir vehicle against jonas ' s mellow - tech computing machine and satellite link - ups with their sleek, grim all - terrain vanguard. plot isaac mayer wise, there be non really anything to shout about. twister follow as predictable as any summer box - place striking can obtain. there is the danger of the twister, the competition with jonas ^ os more than well - off team and of course, the subsidence of differences between jo and bill (this persona give the film its human essence ). helen of troy hunt, throwaway sir joseph paxton and the rest of the actor / actresses give only if mean performance and all of them take back ass to the primary thespian in this movie - the twister itself! thanks to the telling digital effects by ilm (lucasfilm ' s industrial light and conjuring trick ), we stick to see the terror and destruction caused by tornadoes up tight; from stripping barns and houses to lifting up livestock! january de bont once again bear witness his visual abiility (thanks to his years of experience as a music director of photography for action films) for action succession. like his previous moving picture show speed, the tornado sequences (which equal essentially the military action sequences) are well visualised and edit. audience will be holding tight to their chairs everytime a tornado comes on blind! the surround strait effect sure enough does help a lot in accent the little terror of a twister! ( the cinema mustiness at the very least support digital sound to fully value this) twister be definitely an force - dependent movie. now that id4 pyrexia has begun to domiciliate, and masses be getting bored of watching will smith whoop et ' s shag for the umptieth time. .. .. . twister is your sure bet of 7 bucks well spend! ticker information technology in a good theatre. .. please. the flying inkpot ' second military rating system: * wait for the telecasting. * * a little creaky, but still better than remain at family with gotcha! * * * passably unspoilt, contribute a friend. * * * * amazing, potent poppycock. * * * * * paragon. see to it it twice. 