the ring is probably one of the creepiest movie i ' ve see in year. but so again, i ' ve always have this phobic neurosis of asian innate horror films. i think of when atomic number 53 was a thomas kid i comprise scared as hell with those fleeceable faced, long - haired floating ghosts donning their white gowns   euuugh. the tintinnabulation really lend back those memories and its travelling bag me long after the movie has ended. dissimilar the repugnance films come from the west, i ' 1000 pretty a lot used to the al gore and visual effects, so much so, they become rather bland present. there ' entropy really no scarey movie from the west for a long clip. if you have something in mind, delight secern me. this japanese flick is supposed to make up free base upon stories save by ` the stephen business leader of japan ', which is also (i heard) televised over the atmosphere in japan. the moving picture revolves around a mysterious videotape which volition bring death for sure to the somebody who watches it, one hebdomad prior to viewing. a journalist and her husband, stupid enough, tests the so call ` urban caption ' and terminate up have a workweek before she meet her doom. she and her husband then goes on a search for the origin of the videocassette, to get to the root of the whole curse with the hope of disembarrass themselves. the gang plays on the senses like no early horror motion picture show today. visual subtlety, minimal music and an intriguing plot of ground assign the hearing within an aura of suspense throughout the intact film. very well cause so, specially for a film that does not accept a single trace of violence and panel. immediately, that  s something bud horror film - maker wannabes should moot looking into. simply an idea of how visually powerful the film is, it is in japanese and subtitled in chinese; both of which, i can ' t understand at all (hunky dory, i had a friend who gave me a gist prior to watch, but helium revealed very little! ). the twists in the plot, lead to an unforgettable climax (will decidedly leave an feeling on the consultation) leave get you at the edge of your seat. 