david lynch ' s " blue angel velvet " menachem begin and terminate with colorful, bright shots of flower and happy american mowing their lawn in a seemingly consummate american town. however, what lies inside this nominally dependable aura be a " strange world " of drug bargainer, sadists, and liquidator. the opening and closedown shots be a wonderful contrast to the rest of the dark, shake up film. they show not to make assumption from first glimpse and that oddness is common in all places under all condition. odd would be a perfect adjective to draw this photographic film, its characters, information technology direction, and it fib. gratefully, the obscurity that " blue velvet " relies on be enough to make this film pleasurable. since information technology elements are so originally weird, you never know what volition happen next. this be the master destination of a motion picture show; to be spontaneous and surprising. " blue velvet " miracuously succeeds at this even though it contains middling performing. lynch creates such a hypnotic domain that it is hard to resist his trend of story telling. the motion picture show starts turned with the discovery of a severed auricle by a college boy (kyle maclachlan ). from this stage maclachlan discover himself postulate with a waiting area singer (isabella rossellinia) who has lost her son and married man to a snatch. the plot is a lot more detailed than the aforesaid and this is what makes david lynch ' s story tell so awe inspiring. maclachlan becomes involved in a forbidden relationship, in another kinship that could ingest been taken straight taboo of a high shoal flick, and he is put into the shoes of a drug dealer world health organization has some wild adventures with some wild acquaintance. through these multiple stories, maclachlan lives multiple life and as we follow maclachlan, we be introduced to a variety of interesting subplots. lynch masterfully establish these subplots but atomic number 2 does non piece them all together in the very end and make a convenient crowd please conclusion. rather he leaves some ambiguity and forces those rummy enough to get the actual meaning to check the picture show respective several times. lynch has be known to do this with a routine of his films meaning he english hawthorn be too esoteric for some hoping to get a hollywood terminate where the good guy get the missy and everything turns out fine. however, for fans of singular difficult indies, " blue velvet " could represent just what they are calculate for. information technology be rattling hard to discuss " blue velvet " without discussing the performance of dennis hopper ' s sadistic frank. most of the early actors in the film exist not very memorable. kyle maclachlan lacked one of import aspect for his role, a personality. laura dern was consistently annoying. simply dennis hopper stole every scene atomic number 2 was in. his evil character was just plain old frightening in his mannerisms from his fixation to velvet to his ceaseless breathing from a gas mask. frank be a character that occur on once in a blue moon. many producers know this and have unavoidably begun to type hop picker as the bad guy. just like his villain in " speed ", ground ball be over the edge with cursing and scream every hazard he has to speak. this cruelness be exactly what frank is, so eldritch and flex that it equal hard not to reckon at him, even if he theatens you to look forth. " puritanical velvet " has characters and account you will never witness in a movie again. for this sole reason information technology be recommended. but also see it to look up to lynch ' s obsession to stave off the average. even if this flick represent a trivial too weird for you, it ' s hard non to preen a cat for try something new and sticking to information technology. 