the mellisonant hereafter could serve as a text example of the difference between television movies and " tangible " movies. consider for a moment what a television producer would do with a book that features a fateful schoolhouse bus accident and a lawyer out to sign astir the bereave - - lots of hot luridness interrupted with breaks to trade beer and toothpaste. top - trajectory writer and director atom egoyan delivers instead a moving picture show with tremendous power whose virtually notable trait is its touching niceness. found on a respected book of the same epithet by generator russell banks, the movie represents a rethinking of the storey ' s structure, non just a actual adaptation of the novel. told in linear form by four teller in the book, egoyan ' s version bump instead in overlapping time sequence and without a narrator. the author is even on platter as applauding egoyan ' s alteration. in the mechanical press notes the account book ' s generator key the narration as " a parable of lost child. " he say it asks what a town practise in the absence of its children. picking up on this, egoyan have a flashback in which a sitter, nicole burnell, played with grace by sarah polley, take parts of " the pied piper " from an old, illustrated book to her two charge. periodically throughout the film, nicole ' s recital are heard in vocalization - over. you accept never heard this move poem read thus sweet or in such an appropriate here and now. they and the ease of the town ' s baby amount into harm ' s way - - some live and others are seriously injure. and the entire small canadian town where the accident occurs is ne'er the like over again. although the physical damage is inflicted in the main on the baby, the adults bear the aroused scratch of the loss. ian holm, in arguably the good performance of his distinguished career, plays mitchell stephens, an intense man of quiet wretchedness. mitchell be the foreigner in the story set in a small, snow - encrusted community of interests in the british columbian wild. his missionary work there be a rummy one, to sign up the parents so that he can sue someone, anyone, on their behalf. if this seems crass, swell it is, just mitchell approaches his business with the dedication of a spiritual zealot. the story unfolds lento and always plausibly. each little look has its ain fascination. as mitchell interview wendell and rita walker, play with quiet realism by maury chaykin and alberta thomas augustus watson, atomic number 2 has a unsubdivided chore. he wants them to suggest some framework couple in the village who have a lost a child and then that he can use that dyad to form the ground of the suit. wendell ticks off peerless town member after another and and then, as matchless can in a small township, recite each soul ' siemens numerous faults. although the town make up no peyton spot, the great unwashed there do have their foibles. one of the best parents in the town appears to be billy ansell (bruce greenwood ), who ride his pickup behind the school double decker everyday simply so he posterior wave undecomposed - bye to his kids. advantageously, single parent billy ' s fault is that he has regularly schedule trysts with the matrimonial rita. his confession to rita about his feelings of loss live i of the many heartfelt outpourings in the story. the accident itself, a wide eyed one of a bus hitting a patch of ice, isn ' t shown until the heart of the word picture, but, all the same, the mystery astir it make throughout the film. although the picture equal no detective story, finding out exactly what happened is a subtheme in a moving picture that is in the main a graphic symbol work of a town gripped by tragedy. as the injured bus device driver, gabrielle uprise, dolores driscoll roleplay the function of a dedicated individual who loves thomas kyd with a heat and for whom the tragedy take on special meaning. to round out the write up, margaret munnerlyn mitchell has his ain private tragedy to bear. his daughter zoe (caerthan banks) is a drug addict world health organization give birth bounce in and out of i half - elbow room house and recovery nub after another. fond of calling her dad on his cubicle sound so she can ask for money beaver state help, she break up him at many emotionally charged import as he attempts to sign up upwards the townsfolk. ( " i tail end aid you, " mitchell tries to assure billy. " not unless you can raise the bushed, " billy shoot back. margaret mitchell ' s pitch is ne'er an easy one and worrying astir zoe only clear it harder. ) mychael danna ' s ghost music sets the stage for cataclysm. the cinematography by paul sarossy is sweep in it outdoor grandeur, only it is in the warm, shadowy, intimate moment indoors where it works best. the display, which is ripe for emotional manipulation, ne'er act with its audience. still, when the house lights move upward, you may palpate as i did. i could barely breathe; i was so overcome by the sum total of what i had find. more than anything, the film is similar a master picture. each cinematic brushing stroke be carefully laid consume by egoyan with the beauty construction with each dollop of paint. with the final colour in place, the chef d'oeuvre is complete, and the ending credits coil. the sweet hereafter black market 1: l. information technology be shit r for mature themes, sexuality and some profanity and would be fine teenagers. 