susan granger ' s reexamination of " big eden " (jour first state fete ) it ' s utopia, this tiny township gather off in the timberland of northwesterly montana, where one time codgers hang around on the porch of the general store to pass the time away and the local matchmakers (nan martin, louise john fletcher) eagerly pair cancelled the young people, regardless of sexual preference. in that respect ' s nary a homophobe or bigot around, practically to the surprise of henry moss hart (arye gross ), a successful but lonely manhattan creative person who returns home to care for sam (george coe ), the trouble grandad who raise him. and with the simultaneous ray - appearance of his good - friend from high - school and object of his unreciprocated love (tim dekay ), now divorced with two young sons, the fact of his homosexuality must represent face. to complete the trilateral, thither ' s the tall, taciturn native american (eric schweig) who own the general store and fondly yet in secret prepares gourmet meals for henry and surface to air missile. this fable about home and family is a major debut for first - meter film - creator st. thomas bezucha (a former designer for coach and polo / ralph lauren) world health organization is meticulous about minding details, using ballads alike " welcome to my earthly concern " and " achin ', breakin ' kernel " to set up the concept of our universal longing to find a position in which we pot love and be loved. in the paradise of big eden, what you be doesn ' t subject as much as generosity of flavour, respect and kindness. sure, the plot ' sulphur farfetched but information technology ' s a good - natured fantasy so allowances should cost made. and fleece sweeney ' s photography of glacier home park is spectacular! on the farmer movie gauge of ane to 10, " liberal eden " exist a charming, quirky, off - measure 7. information technology ' s a heart - warm romantic clowning about a queer man who doesn ' t die of aid or wind up alone at the oddment. 