of circumcision, psychic wounds and the kinsfolk sitcom the opening segment equal something of a foretaste of this motion picture show. there ' s a guy ' s voice tell us how he seek to imagine what his biologic parents look like, and on the screen we view images of a variety of oldish men and women. as his imagery plays o n, he (and we) picture these motley characters in a mix - and - match shuffle of improbable marriages, businesswomen with bums, matrons with paint salesmen, the persona add up on in a faster and faster frenzy. information technology ' s not but a witty, funny story tote up up of the film ' s themes - you might not guess it yet, simply it place the formula for the way the report goes on. what starts stunned as a stride in a fair sensible guidance, gets taken on a road trip, put done a detour surgery two and receive itself freewheeling towards an immin ent clangor. that whitethorn non sound so different from the average family sitcom, and the general idea of the moving picture doesn ' t, at inaugural, seem so wildly distant from standard - issue hollywood clowning: man who was adopted as a child (ben still er) sets out on a journey to meet his existent parents, along with his wife (patricia arquette ), his baby, and a pretty psychological science - researcher (tea leoni) in tow. various mix in - ups, shenanigans, oddball characters and, yup, disaster follow. but if you think you ' ve embody here before, the dialog and the guidance (by jacques louis david o. russell, who made paddle the rascal) take information technology into another property. the dreaded t - name seems an inevitable cite point (what with a drug overdose scene and the casting of arquette from true romance) just really the point comprise that the foot - massage master hasn ' t beget a monopoly on plot twists and fast, funny, irreverent lines, or on the fatuity of ordinary speech. whether information technology ' s about circumcision, psychic wounds, unwritten sex, carjacking, the beauties of the armpit area, operating room ronald president reagan, the script never appear to run out of screaming invention. the best thing be how these words aren ' deoxythymidine monophosphate just now there for the punchlines, but are great precisely because they ' ray said in character, like tea leoni ' s neurotically - charged psychobabbler who ' s able to say under assault, " it ' s understandable if you recover this threatening ". the cast is excellent throughout, and, rather than singling out anybody, kudos are imputable to the okay ensemble acting, with the sometimes demoniacally overlapping talks and the good sense of a 12 different reagents colliding to the point of fission. there are some elements of a woody allen film in this (not to mention the hand - held camera and slack, improvisational tone of some scene ). like allen, russell ' siemens interests are in the volatile intimate government of couples and the neurotic obsessions in both pare nts and kid (and everybody, really ). nonetheless, if you ' re expecting a inside bit of divine revelation and emotional outpouring a la " murphy brown " / " frasier " / fulfill - in - the - blank - american - clowning, well, information technology acquire ' t happen. the moving picture sets up expectations similar these, with the lead character ' s hunt farad or his origin and his hopes of self - healing, only to ping them down. if the conventional sitcom structure is to arrange a slightly loopy family in ruinous conditions only to rediscover their essential lovey one - ness, flirting with disaster ' s charact ers embark on a journey to search that essential country but receive themselves only plunging into more weirdness and nonadaptive chaos the further they go. and that, the film suggest, is the essential family land - and you better learn to love it. somehow, this cost contrarily feelgood celluloid, right up to its frenzied end. 