look rearward at all the clock time in your living when there was a fork in the path to the future tense. some kind of decision had to be made, and, for better operating room tough, it irrevocably altered the course of your existence. > from meter - to - time, everyone thinks about the road non bring, and how things might get turned out if the choice take been different. mayhap even more dizzying to contemplate is how a seemingly minor action - - enamor the 10 be railroad train, for illustration - - could have an evenly profound, yet to a lesser extent obvious, impact. maybe that ' second where you fit your pregnant former, and, had you reached the platform just a few moment later? picture show makers are no less fascinated by issues of destiny than anyone else, and that ' s why there ' s no shortage of motion picture astir this matter. the best of the bunch were probably made by the previous polish director krzysztof krzysztof kieslowski, who was obsessed with questions of fate and prospect. these theme weave their way through many of his picture show, including decalogue, the double living of veronique, and the triptych of patrician, white, and red. notwithstanding, they are about explicitly examined in a 1981 moving picture called subterfuge chance, where kieslowski presents the 3 different luck of one man after a minor action at law (missing or catching a train) convert the course of his life. in his autobiography, kieslowski on krzysztof kieslowski, the director describes his attracter to the concept this room: " [the idea be] rich and interesting? that every sidereal day we ' rhenium faced with a choice which could end our entire life yet of which we ' re completely incognizant. " while this approach has been the fresh fish for respective noteworthy dramatic films (include, in a way, frank capra ' s it ' s a wonderful aliveness ), sliding doors is the first romantic comedy to plumb its profoundness. the " road non taken " approaching isn ' triiodothyronine scarcely a plot twist, either. writer / director pecker howitt expands upon both possible fates of a fictitious character after she just now misses / catches a gearing. the audience watches, with ever - uprise fascination, how this one event impact upon every aspect of her life: her next career, where she live, whom she have sex, and whether she has a family. as her separate destinies diverge and then re - converge, she become 2 altogether different individuals. that woman equal helen, play by gwyneth paltrow as a long, dark - haired britisher. one day, after losing her job as an advertising executive director, she decides to reelect home in the heart of the twenty four hour period. the scene of the pivotal second is a string chopine. in scenario # 1, she just slips through the sliding doors before the railroad train pulls proscribed of the station. on display board, she meets the cheerful, talkative james (john hannah ), a monty python sports fan who is taken with her beauty. minutes later, in her flat, she walk in on her lover, gerry (john lynch ), in seam with another cleaning woman (jeanne tripplehorn ). in scenario # 2, she misses the train and, in brief thereafter, comprise the victim of an attempted mugging. she doesn ' t meet james and fails to piss information technology home in prison term to notice gerry ' s infidelity. juxtaposed i against the other, while divvy up many places, clue, and characters, the two stories proceed in analog from there. on one level, for tv audience who enjoy excogitate the working of lot, sliding doors dismiss be viewed as a deep and wonderful experience. only, for those world health organization exactly take account a romantic comedy characterise by solid acting, a script with a few twists, and a dandy deal of genuinely risible material, sliding doors still fits the beak. ane of its virtually obvious strengths is that information technology lav satisfy many different eccentric of audiences - - those who demand something substantial from their motion video, and those who could care to a lesser extent. it shouldn ' t come as any surprisal that the performing, at least from three of the four leads, is unanimous. paltrow, who does double duty as ii helens world health organization be initially the same, hitherto gradually get much different, is the standout. she plays both of her roles efficaciously and believably - - the shy, insecure woman world health organization stay with gerry and the liberated, pt - blond who severs the ties to her old life and embarks on a new career with a new gentleman. john hannah, cognise to most american viewers as the younger gay character in four weddings and a funeral, make up directly likable. john lynch, aim a break from movies about republic of ireland ' s troubles, does a good job confront gerry as a inept, selfish womaniser. only jeanne tripplehorn, world health organization play an over - the - top vixen, appear out of place. her attempts at broad drollery are occasionally jarring, and it ' s occasionally unmanageable to see her lydia as anything more than than a plot element. i phallus of the supporting cast deserves special observance. douglas mcferran, who play gerry ' s respectable friend, russell, is an absolute delectation, steal every view that atomic number 2 ' s in. part of this is for certain because helium is given the best line in the flick. on one occasion, helium has a marvelous monologue bemoaning how feeler in the telecommunication industry have snare world into a life of monogamy. on another affair, while express mirth at gerry ' s plight with the women in his life history, he comments, " being with you cause the wait for the next episode of seinfeld to a greater extent endurable. " but it ' s not all in the talks. mcferran tears into this share with flavor; his performance becomes one of the almost memorable aspects of a top - mountain pass comedy. this be the beginning feature of speech film for peter howitt, and he approaches the task with irreproachable aplomb. the playscript is shrewd and inventive, combining wit, romance, and intelligent melodrama into a crowd - please unhurt. sliding door grants more than just a unspoilt clock time at the moving picture show, however. for those world health organization personify so inclined, information technology key theme offer an opportunity to ponder some of the more philosophic questions about the workings of the universe - - all while have a proficient prison term. 