clint eastwood, in his ripe sometime eld, is cashing ace gift in for another. midnight in the garden of good and evil be an eastwood - directed film clint isn ' t yet in, and information technology ' s damn good. adapted from a best - selling john the divine berendt novel base on true consequence, this motion picture show is set in the bizarre georgia town of savannah river, where multitude take the air invisible dogs and attach horseflies to their head. and that ' s just the city manager. as director and manufacturer, eastwood contributes a self - indulgent but very competent cl minutes, neatly poise drama, suspense and humour. like all keen picture show, midnight in the garden deliver a slew of comical moments that spring from the characters themselves, and non from some contrive, juvenile intrusion. the playacting, from big - time star john cusack and kevin spacey, represent as estimable as you ' five hundred expect, but it ' s the patronage stable that gives the movie information technology offbeat charm. cusack plays a free - fishgig newsperson send to savannah to write a fluff story for township & country magazine about unitary of eccentric millionaire spacey ' s party. wad of food, beverages and gunplay. yes, an employee of spacey ' mho ingest a brobdingnagian argument in movement of cusack and later turns up utter. it seem like a simple matter of self - defense - - the guy rope imperil spacey, shot at him, missed, then spacey took him out - - but being a pic, there ' s much more than to it than that, and cusack decides to stay in town and write a book about the murder, a book which will eventually become a movie he will asterisk in. the weird circle of amusement. this is where the stable of keep going characters comes in. there ' s the requisite sexy cleaning woman (alison " nepotist ' s daughter " eastwood ), the strange piano actor, the fetich woman and the cross dresser. miss white burgundy deserves a paragraph of his / her ain, as the stealer of every scene she appears in - - what would this moving picture be without the castilian scene and her testimonial? chablis, playing herself, is five times funnier than dominate drag queen rupaul, but never look exploit as the pic ' s comic relief or forbidden of place in a basically dangerous flick. in that location are also a fair part of court scenes, which these days almost ne'er seem welcome in a movie, only even here clint manages to continue the movie fascinating. certainly the characterizations of the evaluator and spacey ' s attorney both help vastly, as does having the tent flap - hombre as the jury ' s foreman. it ' s here we make the case boils down to an indictment of spacey ' s homosexuality. yes, spacey have a intimate relationship with the dead military personnel - - before atomic number 2 fool him, of course. midnight in the garden of in effect and evil isn ' t a classic, but it is one of the better renown - directed, true - story undecomposed - seller version out at that place. also, no ace from this movie leave be flummox any oscar nominations, but the performance are all great. in fact, i ' d near commend that the academy tot a best supporting transvestic category. serve america for more than 1 / 25th of a c! 