march attacks! ( 1996) - cytosine: jack nicholson, glenn close, annette bening, martin curt, danny devito, rod steiger, franklin pierce brosnan, sarah jessica parker, michael j. charles james fox, jim brown, pam grier, joe don river baker, natalie portman, christina applegate, lisa marie, tom jones. this is managing director tim burton ' s fine film to engagement. many will compare this tale of martian who invade earth to independence day, but even though the narrative equal interchangeable, they rattling are two distinctly different movie. however as a whole, mars attacks is much more entertaining than id4, and i have a go at it id4. you really throw to be in the proper frame of mind to delight this film. it is wholly wacked - out and dissimilar anything you ' ve ever seen. once the silly shade of the movie follow set, it ' s easy to scarce sit back and throw logic out the window because logic and funniness simply don ' t mixture. the plot of ground be simple: martian invade the earth. simply it ' s different than any former intrusion film. usually it ' s the malefic aliens versus the heroic verse humans. this sentence even so, it ' s the goofy aliens versus the every bit goofy humans. the martian, world health organization represent all computer generate, are only about the comical things ace ' ve seen in a long time. they expect comical, they move funny, and their " language " is hilarious. and about the special upshot. the effects in mars attack! are scarcely about the most unflawed one i ' ve see to date. the computing device animation of the martians combined with the goofy personalities they exist given makes them seem 100% veridical. in that location are just a couple of conniption that don river ' t work, principally those involving sarah jessica parker and president pierce brosnan on board an noncitizen ship. besides, glenn confining overacts enormously in her (thankfully) very limited screen time, so a good deal so that i actually applauded taciturnly when her lineament meets her demise. but there are many big laughs in the film, as i enounce, if you be in the correct humour. could it have cost funnier? sure. be it funny enough? yes. was iodin entertained? utterly. on a personal note, i ' d corresponding to give thanks whomever mould rod steiger (my favorite actor) in the film as war - half baked general decker. finally, after many rattling small portion in direct to video garbage and minor tv roles, steiger follow backward on the big screen in a real movie that many mass will see. while helium ' s non have the type of use that you can give a material " performance " in, he act the job comfortably and take some good lines of dialogue. the trailer audience iodine saw the film with really seem to enjoy him. 