in october of 1997, audiences were dazzled by the horror surprisal hit i know what you did lowest summertime. the film went on to gross over 70 million dollar in the u. s. , and still develop a religious cult following, much like the former twelvemonth ' s c million dollar gross belly laugh. when the house trailer hit theatre in september confiscate to urban legend, information technology looked like a wonderful follow - up. did it know up to the first pic? the reply is no. jennifer love hewitt returns as julie james, a survivor of the serial killer whale that assay to wipe out her and her friend a year before. she has been so disordered since the incident. nightmares haunt her all over the place, only she has to move on. she know attends college, and is best friends with a funny remark, surpass miss named karla (brandy ), who is trying to hook julie up with will benson, played by newcomer matthew settle. karla ' s boyfriend be tyrell, the funny, outgoing type, world health organization represent play by soul food ' s mekhi phifer. freddie prinze jr. as well returns as electron beam, julie ' s beau from a year ago. one morning, julie and karla are called up by a local radio set station who are offering quartet just the ticket to the commonwealth of the bahamas if they can correctly identify the capital of brazil. of course, they answer it correctly, and they are off to the bahamas. julie wants irradiation to come, but he declines the pass, so karla secretly invites will instead to help boost her design of pinch him up with julie. after they arrive at their hotel, information technology be hardly them and the staff on the island. information technology set off cancelled as the weekend of their dreams. something just experience to come to mess up the one care - barren weekend of julie ' s living though. ben willis (muse watson) be back, and he isn ' t get anyone hold out this time. testament ray come to the rescue before he rear kill them off one and only by one? jennifer love hewitt and brandy turn in good functioning. brandy in particular be telling, consider this is her first feature film. you could learn that the characters were horrified, and they would serve anything possible to survive. gospel according to matthew settle and freddie prinze jr. are a wholly different story. let ' s start with settee. matthew is completely imitation in this motion picture. you could non believe a word coming out of his back talk. you could tell he was pretend, and its reasons like him that this one isn ' triiodothyronine as good as the first ace. atomic number 2 practice do a beneficial job towards the end, but that doesn ' t exonerate up the scars he already left on the cinema. freddie prinze junior. is virtually every bit bad as matthew settle was. helium is almost completely incredible, and the majority of his lines are completely meaningless and verboten of home. we don ' t escort him every bit much as settee, otherwise he could have done just as much hurt as settle did. mekhi phifer is alright as tyrell, simply still again the dialog is out of post. the game of i nevertheless acknowledge turns out to cost a pretty good one at the end of the movie. i like where the filmmakers run short with this 2d installment, only maybe if information technology occurred in the same town as the initiatory i, it would have be a moment better. the cinematography and setting of their island are simply wonderful. there are a tidy sum of very nice shots around their hotel. the sound is pretty good, but all the same not equally creepy as the foremost film ' s. jennifer enjoy hewitt ' s song, " how do i deal " is as well played for about thirty second. i all the same know what you did last summer is goose egg compared to the first film. the 1st film exist very suspenseful, and it contained some real memorable scenes. the last xv transactions of i still know what you did last summertime really picked up, and almost reached the like level as the beginning picture. before this section in the flick, there are many unnecessary deaths and fake panic. that is ok though, because the film is still very much fun and there follow a few suspenseful scene. i suppose the cause this film wasn ' t as scary as the pilot be because in the first i, the killer whale terrorize the people involved in the incident. atomic number 2 made them suffer for what they did. in the second film, ben willis only kills anyone atomic number 2 feels alike. he doesn ' t stick with ray and julie, who were the one he represent in reality after. helium had to go after karla, will, and tyrell. if the characters he stalk were in some relation to the incident that went on when helium be ran over by julie, shaft of light, helen, and barry, information technology could have been much well, and it would let made a lot more sense. the bottom melodic line - not a dashing hopes, but a third in the series would comprise out of hand. 