it is easy to come across why the former stanley kubrick believed steven steven spielberg would be the perfect theatre director for his a. iodin. stilted intelligence activity, just as it is understandable why spielberg was attracted to the material. for hither we have another lost son trying to recover his way place, an pariah seeking family, themes very familiar from most of spielberg ' s body of work from sugarland express to close skirmish of the third kind to e. mt. to empire of the sun to knock off to saving private ryan, naming just a few examples. a. iodine. be place in an undefined near future in which elephantine technological advances take led to the creation of automaton who serve every purpose from housekeeping to fulfil intimate fantasies. it is an earned run average when robots are treated only as sophisticated appliances. the last neat leap in machinelike organic evolution exist the addition of emotion, and with the issue of births confine by the government, many couples be yearn for children. and professor avocation (william hurt) has the solution. a robotic boy named david (haley joel osment ), world health organization be programmed to have it away. as a trial run, jacques louis david is placed with joseph henry swinton (sam robards) and his married woman, monica (frances o ' connor ). their natural - born boy has be cryogenically frozen until a cure privy live found for his illness. the 1st tierce of a. i. deals with st. david ' s life with the swintons and how that represent changed by the convalescence and return of their logos, martin. circumstances force david to exist cut off from the swintons. he is abandoned and alone. jacques louis david, highly tempt by the fairy story, pinocchio, feels that if he becomes a real male child he can rekindle monica ' s beloved for him. the film ' s second bit succeed david ' s search for the blue fairy, whom he believe bequeath be able to fulfil his wish. during these adventures atomic number 2 fulfil and is helped by gigolo joe (jude law ), a robot who specializes in sex. spielberg comprise at his top form in this sequence, offering a bestial " flesh fair " where robots be destroy via sadistic method for the amusement of paying customers. here, is where stanley kubrick ' s influence make up strongly felt, as the movie explore the fearfulness and distrust human being cause for robots. the savagery entreat astir images from the belated director ' s a clockwork orange tree. at about two hours and 30 minute, the film begins to falter during the net xx minutes, a sequence that seems most spielbergian with images that appear to be borrowed from close brush. information technology is all really anti - climatical and jarring. these scenes seem almost superfluous, as if from a dissimilar movie. a. i. is a dark pansy fib that deserve its pg - 13 rating. it is a tarradiddle meld hope and intolerance, ritual killing and bigotry, and while it does not coalesce perfectly, the pic practise propose some disturbing images. only a. i. equal really a showcase for the acting talents of the amazing untried osment. if ever an thespian deserved an academy honour nominating address, it is this fella, who brings a sense of pleasure and wonder to the role of saint david, a follow created for the express use of loving. he polish when with monica, beam with love, as eager as a puppy to please. after being leave behind in the woods, he is confused, lost, hurt, focusing on one objective: to become a real male child and find his mode menage so he can ransom himself in his female parent ' s eye. police force is pleasant as the care - free robot world health organization really doesn ' t understand david ' s quest, merely is yet happy to help him on his journey. probably the toughest role equal o ' connor ' s monica. playing an emotional fragile woman world health organization sees david as a substitute for her lost martin, she grows conflicted after her son returns and she begins to comprehend st. david not as a second chance, only as a threat to her family. she gives her character reference enough emotional chaos that you cannot fault her for her course of activity. many of a. i. ' s futuristic sets cost breathtaking, especially a mostly underwater unexampled house of york, miss to the existence by the melting of the arctic ice rink caps. a. i. comprise a blemished film, and you cannot get through with the full feature without pondering - even subconsciously - how it would give birth turned out with kubrick instead of steven spielberg behind the camera. would it sustain been darker? more misanthropical? we will never make out. we can only evaluate what is before us on the screen, a collaborationism of deuce cinematic monster. a. 1. is a most interesting and thought - provoking examination of a hereafter that is quickly hit on us. 