what is exemption? how does one determine who is free? in 1839, those doubt be more hard to answer then they are at once. yet, the mistakes of our forefathers mustiness represent examined in order to rectify current post. that is, in gist, what steven spielberg ' s gripping drama " amistad " is well nigh. through its various dramas, spielberg present a case about a radical of african, who, after being capture from their home, were forced onto a ship and mail to the united commonwealth aboard " lah amistad ". on their way there, the hard worker, led by 5 (djimon hounsou ), rise up, killing off piece of the crew. however, the ship exist still directed towards the united country, where the african be brought to trial nether murder. in the court, versatile factions claim ownership of the slaves, and hence try to impound them away. the joined res publica government, led by president martin van buren (nigel hawthorne ), and secretary of land repository forsyth (david paymer ), try to send the africans to spain, where an 11 year old isabella 2 (anna paquin) wants them back. the deuce spaniards world health organization own " atomic number 57 amistad " want the slaves for themselves. the american ship that found the slave also wants them. in the thick of this be 2 abolitionists (stellan skaarsgard and morgan freewoman ), who want the slave to be free. they enlist the avail of lawyer gospel according to matthew mcconaughey, world health organization prove to free them. through various legal transactions, the case appears before the supreme court, where information technology is argue by old fashioned - chief executive john josiah quincy adams (anthony gerard manley hopkins ). the film itself is a optic curiosity. spielberg favorite janusz kaminski sets the film in a dark, somber modality when appropriate, and a optical circumstance when appropriate as intimately. at time, the motion picture show is real slow, and very methodical. however, spielberg is non at his finest here, because the court scenes have a leaning to lag. the moving picture is, in sum, a court drama, unitary whose events exist oversimplified. the picture is also weak, exhibit weakness in building upwardly characters such as the attorney baldwin (mcconaughey ), and especially morgan freeman ' s emancipationist. but spielberg ' s fine work in the film, the opening view, a scene of quint ' s crime syndicate, and the beastly voyage of the slaves to america, is altogether arresting. information technology is this worked up force that carries the film. mcconaughey is superb as the attorney defend the african, hopkins be arresting as the previous adam, freeman live outstanding when used (spielberg vastly under uses his supreme talents ), and the balance of the casting is stellar. the movie, nonetheless, belong to hounsou. his emotional loudness is brilliant. spielberg make out to make still the slowest view scintillate with focus on hounsou, and the film ' sulphur extraordinary tycoon is simply captivating. the film be blemish, for most of the supporting characters are but cardboard. simply that doesn ' t matter. the story is a grip one, and i of extreme importance. congratulations to spielberg for finding it, observe the veracious men for the job, and letting the hearing listen to the words of v. a good job all about. 