information technology is often said by his fans that hal hartley movies embody an acquired taste. so. while perhaps to a lesser extent grievous than tequila shooters or bungee - jumping, they need no less amount of physical stamen and concentration. ace felt rewarded at the end of henry motley fool; this motion picture show creeps astir on you - at a slow 139 minutes, i mean creeps - and despite the final shaft ' s equivocalness, i left wholly fill. henry soft touch (" used to have an? e ' ") get in at garbageman simon grim ' s house, claims the vacant basement apartment, and almost instantly inspires simon (urbaniak) to consider up writing - william henry (martin donovan face - alike ryan) is an ex - convict, a in one case - great author who have make up " exiled and marginalized " by the publishing community because of his criminal activity. simon ' s poesy rick him into a local sensation, as it do unspoken women to sing, high - school missy to faint, and councilmen to rile against it " pornographic " content. meanwhile, henry seduces both simon ' s dependant mother (porter) and unripened sister (sundance queen posey) with philosophical babbling (which is by crook brilliant and inane) and breathy animal lecherousness. these story element ensue in climaxes both inevitable and irregular; the teacher - student family relationship formed between patrick henry and simon eventually repeal itself. henry fool be sprinkled with hartley - ian flourishes: simon drinks milk from " udderley ' s "; the big teen hang - out cost called " world of sinker "; simon wears his garbageman ' s uniform throughout; the redaction style is decidedly elliptical. .. ( which is fundamental to the conclusion ' sulphur said ambiguity ). the performances by the triad lead are abrasive at beginning, self - consciously " offbeat "; the introductory scenes are a task. these people do grow on you because they convey genuine passion, a belief in themselves, and because they hold farseeing - term goal; joseph henry and paul simon may toast a lot of budweiser and hang out on the streetcorner, but they aren ' t pop slackers. the story represent rather definitive: the coach is a better talker than a doer, raised on script; the timid tutee suffer innate endowment his master only if daydream of. ( tad of moving picture show school. .. ) the finished film is epic in it proportionality for a story thus small, and the final third base fare test one ' s longanimity, yet henry fool is cockeyed, hardly exuberant in its duration. how refreshing to see a motion picture show this tenacious in 1998 devoted entirely to character. and unless ace nodded off, non a individual building exploded. this, hartley ' s seventh feature, is contemplative astir " the artist "; fortunately, we never contract a sample of simon ' s work, and information technology ' s a testament to the actors and the screenplay that by the end we can surmise what sort of mentation would pour from these writers ' pen. 