director: penelope spheeris (declension of westerly civilization ii - the: alloy years, sheik, & suburbia ) hurl: mike myers (wayne campbell ), dana carvey (garth algar ), : rob lowe (benjamin oliver ), tia carrere (cassandra ) summary: mad anthony wayne and garth have a public access display call " wayne ' south: earth. " the show be a secret hit, until gum benjamin: oliver comes onto the scene. gum benzoin wants to turn the: show into a big hitting countrywide, maybe destroy the: meat of " wayne ' s human race " in the process. [ expectations - mass medium ] long reappraisal = = = = = = = = = = = one must admit being a bit reluctant going into this picture show. i didn ' t believe that they (mike myers and dana carvey) could sustain it upwards for an hour and a half, i figured that perhaps the inaugural half - hour would make up great, and the rest would live " frippery. " still, one was actually surprised about how comfortably they were able bodied to keep the laughs going for the virtually the whole picture, with the exception of the end. ( which i win ' t discus for obvious reasonableness, but it ' s not * that * spoilt. ) fib: the plot was rather thin, only it really wasn ' t that noticeable, because of the rapid - fire antic that myers write in. alot of the jokes are very alike to hot shots! , in live rattling " parodyish. " ( okey, bad full term. ) extremely witty throughout, although (as in spicy shots) information technology got a bit repetitive in the middle. playing: as in many drollery, the acting international relations and security network ' liothyronine really * that * important. however, myers turn in a good public presentation as wayne, playing the persona perfectly, (although iodin stock still liked him better back on much music, in a more " canadian " type of way. ) carvey is okay as garth, just he lack the spark myers puts into wayne. tia john merven carrere is mediocre as cassandra, play it very stilted. lowe is okay as ben oliver, just is nothing to write home about. without a doubt, this moving picture is mike myers all the room. direction: spheeris be a graeco roman " music " movie director, making dudes, and declination of westerly civilization ii - - the metal twelvemonth. ( she also directed the boys next threshold, which cost dissimilar, to say the least. ) she is very able, knows how direct a funniness, the right camera move it transfuse express joy, etc. i of the effective jobs i can remember for a comedy. overall: i would suggest to anyone that wish snl ' s skit to go see this film in the theatre. however, my personal opinion, as in most comedy, is that they work hardly equally well on television. you definately have to be sports fan of music, and all forms of media in universal to enjoy this pic. without a doubt, this is the good funniness so far this twelvemonth. it ' ll pee tons ' o ' dough for everyone involved. let ' s just hope they do a thousand sequel. [ sorry, i had to get the square put on in. .. forgive me. ] 