it endure as a moment peerless volition non soon forget: a giant, green monster flips through with the pages of a cliche fairy tale, tell it with every spot of dull inspiration that the storey holds. this leads one to believe that this serves as the prologue to shrek, dreamworks ' second computer repair feature, simply in a pricelessly screaming bit of movie theater, a pageboy of this tale service as that fiend ' s commode paper. from this opening second, ace throne infer shrek ' s defying of all outlook regarding information technology as a standard, disney - esque fairy narration. although rearing import of hilarity dot shrek, the true charm of the film lie in the bold elements of friendship, courageousness, and acceptance, excelled by outstanding direction, stunning actor voice work, and most importantly, a witty screenplay with to a greater extent going on than meets the eye. while shrek features an abundance of humor related directly toward adults, positive friendship values aimed at younger minor fulfill the storyline: shrek, the previously cite ogre, make a place of absolute nothingness within his residential area. the jolly green elephantine meets a fellow outsider, known only as the donkey (his species) who talks, and although he remain reluctant to warm up up to him for a just portion of time, shrek finally come to a mutual understanding with him by acknowledging their common res publica as outcasts of the man. the pair squad up to retrieve princess fiona from a castle ward by a dragon for the powerful nobleman farquaad, con quite a number astir each other and themselves along the way. their friendship exhibits the core theme of the motive for mortal to tip on, exemplifying to any nipper who may witness the film that acting as an honorable companion can buoy by all odds involve someone. shrek and donkey endure as supposed freaks of nature due only to their differences from others but hang to each other for reenforcement and guidance along their journeying. courage demonstrates itself within ii major plot line: along the journey to deliver fiona, donkey ' s immeasurable cowardliness reveals itself. whether he encounters walking over a wobbly bridgework operating room living solely, donkey withholds fears that he continuously put aside without self - acknowledgment. but the yapping donkey moldiness confront his phobias when presented with the giant, fire - breathing dragon ward fiona; either helium dies from terror operating theater he triumphs with courage. atomic number 2 wisely chooses courage by feign as if no dangerous position actually faces him, allowing the donkey to whelm a repulsion that likely only continued due to his insistence of them. secondly, upon shrek ' siemens and donkey ' s redeeming of princess fiona, the ogre ascertain the princess let plans for whomever saves her: to satisfy her desire for a (human) horse in shining armour. throughout this plot line, shrek face his cryptic, perpetual misgivings of inhere as an ogre and struggles to determine how he volition reveal his true identity to fiona. an ongoing conflict take place between himself and his reluctance of the truth, but eventually, shrek courageously conquers his fear by severalize the forbidden mystery to fiona. kid can realize from donkey and shrek that reverence remains only as perplex as one makes information technology; if one sets his / her mind to overcoming something in particular, sempiternal possibilities subsist. after the friendship and courage prevail, the three central characters at the affection of shrek must take peerless more stretching of development: acceptance. astonishingly, fiona holds a dark secret of her ain: imputable to a spell cast of characters upon her long time ago, she transforms into an ogre by night. in this plot line, fiona moldiness learn to hold acceptance for herself, and she must realize what beauty truly means: to plainly act as one ' s ego. upon fiona ' s learning of shrek ' s desire to pursue a relationship with her, fiona, bed that banker's acceptance of herself villein as the only platform for her love with shrek to cultivate, gives in to her inner fiend of self - ridicule and hatred. any child stern pull from fiona ' s translation the substance of beauty and the meaning of self - acceptance. on the technological side, shrek triumphs. conductor adam adamson and vicky jenson pace shrek in a consistent and satisfying manner, evenly distributing the moral find out by the fundamental characters. these cardinal characters saltation to life thanks to brilliant voice work from mike myers (shrek ), eddie murphy (donkey ), and cameron bartholomeu dias (princess fiona ). myers creates his shrek as a loveable and troubled ogre whose green gloss non only serves as a skin colouration but perchance his enviousness of early, " normal " beings. spud win with his domestic ass through recreating the high - strung persona that so many hump the actor to have off screen. cameron diaz exudes personal appeal and innocence as fiona, giving the princess / ogre a sense of power that many female characters in alive films want. while the direction and voice work certainly elevate shrek, the ultimate divisor in the film succeed lies in the screenplay, written by ted elliott, terry rossio, joe stillman, and roger south. h. schulman. the handwriting never undervalue the intelligence agency of the viewer, combining the three antecedently address of elements with humour for adults and children alike. cap information technology off with a invariant knife - in - impudence feel that pokes fun at classical disney animated features, the impudent and entertaining screenplay delivers. with shrek, dreamworks executive jeffrey katzenberg has certainly one - upped himself by creating an split second animated authoritative that will hold up on for ages to come. the little children testament express joy and cheer; the adults will express joy even harder and leave understanding much that their children did non. a film that bump stereotype and creates a definite standard of its own, shrek can surely support as one for the ages. 