comfortably i ' ll be anathemize, what a most excellent surprise. not to live confused with the campy and far inferior 1988 remake star ex - porn mavin traci nobleman, this more recent endeavor at remaking the 1950 ' s drive - in schlockfest not of this earth live a real gem and was quite possibly the best sci - fi motion picture show of 1995. once again, vitamin b complex - motion picture show king roger corman be behind this effort (he train the original) merely this clip he appears only in the office of executive producer. the rest of the gang and cast are relative alien. information technology seem criminal that the film was released direct to video in most state, because it ' s an absolute must - see for sci - fi devotee and a treat for anyone who enjoys decently acted and write thrillers with a loopy hang. the plot in brief. paul the apostle lyndon baines johnson (michael york) is an alien sitting as an eccentric millionaire who, though needing to down citizenry to last, is visiting earth for far from selfish intellect. his race is dying of a mysterious origin disease and he desperately be trying to find a therapeutic, the key of which lie in the blood of humans. atomic number 2 visits and soon puts nether his spell the value blood physician dr. rochelle, whom he hypnotize into make orphic research on his behalf. he also has the doctor convince smart and sexy nanny amanda (elizabeth barondes) to move in with johnson as his individual nurse thus as to yield him the blood transfusions which helium constantly require. but before long, amanda and johnson ' s sleazy chauffeur spillage that johnson is a mass more than than just off the wall. i must admit, my first coup d'oeil of the video cover charge for non of this globe be non encouraging. british actor michael york has appeared in some real stinkers in past few decades, a far cry from the quality fare of his younger day such as caberat (1972 ). but his performance here as an extraterrestrial in human camouflage is nothing short of owing. the weird twitches and outlandish modes of speech, the dapper apparel and nerveless specs, the unexpected pathos which he invests in his character. york is by turns uproarious, menacing and tragic. this personify a tour - de - force and quite merely the good performance i ' ve seen from him. and while obviously make on a modest budget, the film boast enormous forte. the casting live spot on, the acting personify terrific and the script is intelligent, witty and consistently engaging, smartly updating the original. the equalizer of horror and humor is just now about perfect, a marked contrast to the other remake from 1988. the film doesn ' t drag for a 2d of it 90 minute melt down time thanks to tight editing and the sure script of little - known director terrance h. periwinkle. and it doesn ' t matter one bit that the particular effects live cheesy - this be schlock after all, even if it is gamey class dreck. in fact my lone criticism of the film is that thing get a tad weak towards the terminal. pixilated direction could have given the sexual climax more urging and a few of the role behave rather illogically given their life - threatening site. but these comprise minor complaints. just see information technology. non of this earth is one of the biggest sci - fi surprisal in years. and michael york: in one cool swoop you ' ve made yourself a b vitamin - movie legend, fellow. 