1 hate to bust your bubble, but after all the whiz king, mega sawbuck, screenwriters, directors, and cool trailers, men in black is non the best movie of the summer. information technology ' s pretty good in information technology ' s ain right wing, yes, but i would probably split the " best movie " honors among expression / off, spawn, yardbird air, and maybe event horizon. information technology ' s independent problem follow that it ' s quickly forgettable, and i can ' t remember unmatched truly good scene from it. from con air, information technology was the scene proscribed in the desert when they be digging the sheet proscribed from the dirt. in spawn, it be the " bread and butter room the pits " conclusion at the end. in issue horizon, it was the video of the consequence visible horizon work party being taken over by hell ' s forces. and all of face / off be pretty dang good. only as for men in smuggled, the only scene i still recall live when testament smith is squishing entirely those elephantine roaches. i remember it not for it ' s sense of humour but because i am hate roach with a passion and was pretty revolt. and yes, i perform see mimic, which is something i ' ll soupcon on in a later review. back to men in disastrous (be it just me, operating theater make that sound funny? ) i remember first hear about men in black back when i be a comic geek in the 7th grade and read magazines like wizard, etc. (for those of you who aren ' t comic - flake, wizard is basically to comics what car and driver is to cars, what the newfangled yorker is to high society, what boy ' s life is to boy scotsman. okeh, that one was reasonably pathetic. ) few the great unwashed know this, but men in black be free base on a very obscure funny holy writ that was, while not good - political leader - rare, really hard to find oneself. this was after the freeing of the high - grossing batman forever, and it said that tommy lee daniel jones and chris o ' donnell were being considered for the roles (in the laughable book, there were no ignominious men in shameful. variety of weird, huh? ) all one buns sound out is, give thanks god they didn ' t cast of characters chris o ' donnell. i have sex i keister ' t be the solitary someone on the planet who thinks atomic number 2 ' s an vexation, preppie minuscule snoot. .. sorry. my apologies to o ' donnell buff. atomic number 53 actually had a seventh grade teacher who was a self aggrandizing comic aggregator and was set to buy some of the comics from him, anticipating rather foxily that, if the movie was a gravid collision, it would drive up the price of the comics rather nicely. atomic number 2 decide non to sell them to me, because they were " innappropriate ". hmm. ... and then now you ' atomic number 75 in all likelihood wondering why i ' ve waste astir 5 paragraphs with lame anecdotes from my next to last high old age. good interrogative. i ' ll relocation on to the movie like a shot. as you probably already be intimate, leave smith and tommy lee jones (agents k and joule, respectively) belong to a top secret agency known as divison quintet, or it ' s nickname m (man in black. ) men in dim is a computer address to the black causa and sunglasses the agent wear, and they ' re missionary work is to investigate reports of alien landing and go along the aliens under control while they ' re here on earth. not to get overly technical oregon botch the plot for the 6 multitude in the world who haven ' thyroxine seen this movie, but a basically - crowing - roach - type - bug land in a redneck farmer ' s yard, inhabits his body, and attempts to destroy the entire world. not unsound, eh? (iodine get no idea why i just typecast that. 1 ' grand not even really yield attention anymore. ) the particular effects embody good yet dissapointing in man in black. i found their main military headquarters to be tedious, as cost the " cool weapon " they let. the noisy cricket hardly plain sucked, no issue what anyone said. and the motion picture show definitely surprised me in tone, although information technology in all probability shoudln ' t have got. it ' s conductor, barry sonnenfield, is known for " black wit ", direct both addams class movies. this moving picture show was essentially a " black comedy ", non an activity / sci - fi comparable ace expected from the trailer. don ' metric ton get me wrong on what one conceive of this picture. information technology ' s non bad, i gave it * * *. information technology be for the most part entertaining throughout it ' s run, and had a very good finish, although i recollect unity be the only person in the theater non amazed by it. my diagnosing for this word painting: a good weekend rental, merely non deserving a movie ticket. of course, the movie is now long fit from theaters, just that ' s beside the point. i suppose. 