richard linklater ' s " slacker, " made in 1991 for a budget of only $ 23, 000, plunge itself in the twentysomething, college - town culture of capital of texas, tx. most of these character be either unemployed or piece of work jobs that are apparently as well menial to be worth mentioning. their lifestyle is a sort of passive electrical resistance to the idea that people should move out and actively pursue a career after graduation exercise; they look content to sit around spouting off about the insufficiency of american democracy, the pervasiveness of slave morality, the subtle messages in popular culture, and such. ask them what they ' ve constitute doing latterly, and they ' ll more likely than not reply, " buckeye state, you know, just hang up out. " linklater apply an interesting proficiency to examine these characters: the television camera follows one person for a few minutes, then someone else walks by and the camera stick with that person, world health organization walks into a diner just as another person is walk out the room access. . . . it ' s certainly a destiny of fun listening to these character lecture: some of them are clearly very intelligent and have some authentically insightful ideas, some of them are just plain weird, and some of them think their mind are a lot more profound than they really are. the possible action monologue, delivered by linklater himself to a taxi driver, pitch around ideas astir replacement realities that nicely rig up the meandering social system of the film. early characters along the way whirl watching about everything from date relationships to the chronicle of anarchist philosophy, while group of pseudo - intellectuals kick around ideas about the nobility of sitting around and doing cipher or the subtle bribery - based morality in " scooby - doo. " for the most contribution, however, the safe moments follow the ones involving the somewhat unhinged types. near the beginning, a paranoid man follows a pedestrian for several blocks, admonish him astir government activity conspiracy involving everything from global warm to secret colonization of mars. another mankind seem to make up collect televisions, keeping at least fifteen sets running at the same time and playing tapes of a postgraduate student who recorded himself having a neural partitioning and destruct the camera. and in a scene that draw a big laugh from everyone present when i see the film, a man tries to achieve closure after a failed relationship by reciting poetry on a bridge circuit and so discombobulate a typewriter into the creek below. the only job with " shirker " is that it lead off to draw out of steam towards the ending. since linklater only spend a few minutes with each character, the insertion of the new characters gets repetitive after a patch. there be only thence many times you can hear, " hey, what ' s last on? " " non much, what are you up to? " " nothing really, merely hanging approximately, " before it mother on your nerves; the film mightiness good receive benefited from a slightly dull pace and a little bit more than characterization. and the dialogue in the second half of the film is by and large non quite a as interesting as that in the first half; a jfk buff, for example, appear similar a pale imitation of the previous conspiracy theorist, and many of the character just generally aren ' t as wyrd operating room unique. instead of depicting a city populated by largely normal people and then showing us the unfamiliarity that we might not have noticed at initiative, linklater shows united states of america the oddballs for the first time, then stops and remind us that ordinary people live there too. " slacker " be a dependable film and a wonderfully far out and entertaining comedy, whatever its flaws, and its status as a cult classic be well - deserved. ace just prat ' t help but reckon it might have been even well if linklater had slowed down a footling bit and filmed these aspect in reverse order. 