there cost certain people in the universe who have some natural endowment that very few people deliver, but they chose not to take reward of this for some personal reason. " good will hunt " be about one of those people. the testament hunting of the (ugly) claim (let ' s face it, this film would be a beef to title ), played by co - author matt damon, is a numerical brainiac. he give notice do almost any numerical connundrum in about the meter it take to brew a cup of irish cream coffee cappuccino. and atomic number 2 act upon at mit. .. as the janitor. unmatched day, the professor of one of the most ambitious courses, proffessor lambeau (" breaking the wave " ' s stellan skarsg? rd ), puts a grownup trouble on the display board for his students to attempt to complete. the next day, information technology ' s already do on the instrument panel, but no one in his class claims to feature done it. so lambeau couch another problem on the board, this sentence ace that took he and his colleagues over two years to turn up. and, duh, information technology ' s perform again. of course of instruction, they catch the guy who did information technology red handed - testament. before lambeau can find will again (he draw away when he caught him ), will have gotten into a fight with a bunch of punks on a basketball court, and struck a police military officer, so lambeau gets him out on probation with two agreements: a) he mould with him on math, and b) he get some therapy. after going through some therapists whom he psyches out in one way or another (for a hypnotist, atomic number 2 misrepresent being nether his spell, so launches into an impromptu performance of the 70s classic, " good afternoon enjoy " ). finally, lambeau ' s erstwhile college roomate, sean mcguire (robin william carlos williams ), a psych prof, agrees to deal him, and the two begin a rocky kinship, as sean tries to get will to open up. turns come out volition had a rough puerility, being give up, and placed in foster homes and what not. information technology as well turn out that will does non desire to do simple mathematics all his sprightliness; he wants a challenge. and that equal to hang out with his bud (including the other co - writer, ben affleck ), and do honorable job, like construction. be it right to make this genius follow in the footsteps of albert einstein and kasinsky? should this guy be forced to make something he doesn ' t want to dress? this appears to represent 1 of the million questions in this motion picture, which is jam - packed with greatness, but does non get the totally brilliant unanimous it should. ace ' m not saying " good leave hunting " represent a unsound film at all. it ' s a really enjoyable moving picture with tons of swell moment, and lots of great things astir it. the acting is amazing, with two academy award - nominating address - worthy performance from damon and sir bernard williams, who take amazing chemistry together. we likewise get some great funding from stellan skarsg? rd (great name ), ben affleck, and from minnie driver, world health organization plays testament ' s have sex interest, skylar. there are tons of case by case import that one adored. i loved all the clowning in the film, specially a scene where damon proves a schmuck out of a college student who is cite a historian to impress some chicks, his various attempts at therapy, and of course, my favorite scene in the intact film, the one where he delivers a foresighted, exstensive rant to some nsa agents about the downside of working for them. i liked the family relationship between some of the mass, similar will and skylar, will and sean, sean and lambeau, and will and his friends. there are scene between them which are just puzzle to determine. and there cost even moments in the film which are thence honest in their portrayal, that single feel rightfully uncomfortable. like the break - up scene between will and skylar, will and sean ' s first merging, a prevention scene between sean and lambeau, and a scene where sean tells in detail how he doesn ' t regret meeting his world class wife, who would later digest a tiresome, painful death, and leave him lonely and slightly bitter. notwithstanding, the principal fault of the film is there ' s too much of everything, and non plenty of it either. the picture endeavour for deeper relations between the characters, but they ' re sometimes either overwritten oregon underwritten. take for case the relationship between sean and will: the film get an interesting father / son as considerably as doctor / patient relationship exit with out any problems, but when information technology tries to show them as equals, it diminish on its face. we hear how they go to the like ithiel town, and there are still scenes where the moving picture shows how hypocritical both of them are at times. only this never takes turned same the other function of their relationship do. also, will ' s kinship with his good booster, chuckie (affleck ), make a nice orgasm, but non plenty rising action. we fancy them joking around, but when chuckie arrives at a decision between the 2 of them, it seems more like a trivial abstract thought than a to a greater extent selected one. their human relationship never goes beyond " scarce best friend, " and his decision just seems to exist a induction of any 2 best friends or else of something more. .. human. mayhap it was just me. and information technology besides goes for a parallelism with the relationship between sean and lambeau, but that, over again, live underwritten. and, of course, as in most picture like this, the lady friend / boy relationship personify passably underwritten. we never understand what they see in each early, so when skylar confesses that she loves him, it appear to a greater extent like it ' atomic number 16 on that point for plot details that anything else. minnie driver is interesting, though, and breathe lifetime into her persona. the committal to writing follow a bit at fracture here, just what pee pee all this worthwhile is the little instant in the motion picture where it acheives true awesomeness. sure, information technology feels overstuff, but it ' s extremely enjoyable. the duologue that affleck and damon give written is amazingly saucy, and seems extremely human. 1 imagine that they should get a nomination for their script chiefly because of the negotiation, which is pose. while this is probably director gus van sant ' s well nigh conservative motion picture show (you ' d hardly bed it ' s the like director of " to die for, " the solitary vanguard sant film i ' ve seen, truly ), information technology ' s still a jolly remarkable pic, albeit a tad overrated (what ' s this " best picture " deal? ). and if a film puts a grin on my cheek despite posessing a circumstances of defect, i stimulate no problem with reccomending it to anyone. 