see at the 21st portland external film festival film claim: supermarket womanhood film director: juzo itami country: japan 1997 cinematography: yonezo maeda music: toshiyuki honda cast: nobuko miyamoto, masahitko tsugawa, shiro ito, yuji miyake, akiko matsumoto superintendent feature: typical itami moving picture show. .. funny and pointed in its ain way. if you don ' t care how and what the food you buy goes through in your local supermarket, so this cinema is non for you. ... perchance information technology is better to disregard it, as this inviolable and bite satire, as only juzo itami can bear, leave give you an insight as to what some foods lead through. having, in the past, made movie that pulled every punch imaginable, from the family tradition (the funeral ), to taxes (a tax woman & a taxing cleaning lady returns ), to the diabolical mobster (minbo ), to hospitals (the seriously ill ), juzo itami, this meter takes on the supermarkets ' own warfare, to get the consumers. and while this plastic film has its funny side, in the crazy situations that it produce, information technology also usher another side of meat, which is very much the attitude of a corporate structure that is to a greater extent concerned with its lucre than it is with any customer. goro has a supermarket. and a competition comes into the neighborhood, examine to take him out of business organisation by offer less expensive price for everything that be sold in the supermarket. bargains galore, information technology gens, has in mind the closure of goro ' s humbler venue, so that in the remainder it behind mark improving information technology prices in any way information technology can. goro hires hanako, a housewife whose talents appear to be better suited to management, than they are in anything else. hanako, as she gets conversant with the operation, discovers many of the trick of the trade, do by many of the elder in charge of each surgical incision of the marketplace. and the routine, be non constantly " wise " food for thought, simply a novel packaging and a new date, to examine and convince the customers that quality constitute on the shelves. hanako ' s idea require wait, starting with a few of the cleaning woman that work in the supermarket, being that they cause not even patronise there at all. and hanako discovers along the agency that a few giveaways here and there puddle a bit of a difference. if not cause some serious problem in the running of the store. a price error, forces them to give off eggs for really low prices, and causes the store a few dogfight, merely, information technology make for the the great unwashed in, and everyone knows that these customers bequeath buy a few other things. as the operation gets stronger, the competitor besides deliver trickery up it sleeve, and it has been weaken much of the operation by paybacks to one of the memory board director, every bit well as the meat and fish elder supervisory program. finally these people make up set up out, and hanako has to tread slowly and cautiously, until in the end they all have a showdown. and here, the the true and honesty deliver the goods out, and even one of the elders decide to stay quite than go to work for the corrupt opponent. in the process, they also chance that " freshness " (with some real suspicious jokes on this word as advantageously) becomes a much to a greater extent important tool than they imagined. with some very nice performance, in this hectic, and fast paced movie, this pic gives the states a sitting of two minute that is satisfying in many ways, although a failed love story between goro and hanako does not come off much, even though towards the end it comprise suggested. merely this would take by from the satire and its strength. with food gags all over the place, the film lease you give birth information technology. and what fun it is. deserving seeing. ( column) the theater director of this film, juzo itami, died shortly after the plastic film was end, and he left behind a legacy of funniness and satire that is rare, and uncompromising. we would wish that he had been able to make 1 about celluloid making, of which he moldiness have had a few stories to tell, but we will hold to do with much of the japanese society, and information technology many errant direction. ... non to suppose that these thing do not befall anywhere else. ... the states be no to a lesser extent shamed of any of these subjects at all, should anyone have the guts to take on it. .. we could watch something along the way, too. ... worth seeing, specially, be a taxing cleaning woman and its follow upwardly a taxing woman restoration. the funeral be also good, although non equally funny as the late films. tampopo is also real enjoyable. all four of these films are available in video, which intend your best local site for extraneous film crataegus oxycantha have them. .. ask for it. 