iodine ' ll be the first to let in i didn ' t expect much from the emperor ' s new groove: more celine dion - esque song - and - dance number, cuddly characters that become cross - promotion device in mcdonald ' s happy meal, and hollywood stars trying to gain credibility by add a phonation - over job to their resume. i was idle wrong astir all of those things. the saturnia pavonia ' s new groove is funny. damn funny remark. and the cute part in the film are the unsafe ones. the script is libertine and furious, with no singing and dancing. the animation be clear and would give walt a warm feeling all concluded. the humor be dry and place at both the cynicism and the good in all of us. the story be ridiculously uncanny and comes off as a strange acid trip up involving peach, cross - fecundation llamas and schizophrenia. here ' s the plot; try to take after on. fix in a fabulous kingdom, the film follows the adventures of kuzco (david coon ), an arrogant and egoistic saturnia pavonia. when kuzco arouse his power - hungry advisor, yzma (eartha kitt ), she and her " assistant " kronk (seinfeld ' s patrick warburton) change him into a llama. kuzco so become stranded in the jungle and mustiness bank on pacha (john goodman ), a llama - herder whose place was to be replaced by kuzco ' s water earthly concern motif park, to save him. then the fun start up. for the adjacent sixty minutes, the audience is treated to something unheard of in disney films these days: vision. yzma, voiced by the gifted singer eartha kitt, look like a cross between norma desmond, joan crawford, and a truly old lope felix de vega carpio showgirl. the duologue between her and her oblivious help kronk is quick, sharp, and tactile property like an episode of seinfeld (which would create sense ). david spade and gospel according to john goodman ' s fictitious character interaction make you feel alike you ' re watching an former hope / crosby flick. nigga be beyond ironical with his humor and shoots below the belt on several occasions, and i laughed away loud several times. needless to sound out, that is an extremely rare thing in disney screenings these day. the best part astir the emperor ' s new rut comprise how audacious the film be. the sheer weirdness factor be very high. cross - dressing, schizophrenic psychosis, duality of soul, people be turned into every animal on noah ' s boat, llama cpr, homoerotic tendency, an emperor with his ain theme vocal and isaac merrit singer, michael jackson dance moves, and a guy that can communicate with a squirrel are just a few of the peculiarity that make the picture show a true orginal. simply put, the saturnia pavonia ' s new groove be unrivaled of the best children ' s film come out for this holiday time of year. kids testament enjoy the adventures, and parents will love the storey and dialogue. that ' s a tough affair to tear slay in a single computer software, only this emperor manages to do it. 