tibet have entered the american cognisance slowly during the retiring few years and burst into the head recently. the dalai lama has made speaking tours, tibetan designs and artefact are showing up in store, the plight of the people has charm the imagination of major actors and artists and now at that place be two big budget pic within as many months. " kundun " (" bearing ", a gens the monks call the youthful dalai lama) opens in 1937 with the search for the 14th embodiment of the tibetan loss leader. a group of thelonious monk enters a hamlet and a two - year - onetime child haul their attention. the untested male child bear witness himself by key out possessions of the previous sanctum man as " mine ". he and his kin are and so actuate to a monastery in lhassa where he is to be prepare to withdraw his position as the religious and political leader of the country. he be squeeze into difficult decisiveness when mainland china invades the country in 1950. the passive and isolated country is sick - outfit to fight off the intruder and diplomatic attempts complete the next years yield no outcome. finally he must make the unspeakable choice to fly to neighboring india. comparisons to " seven year in tibet " are inevitable. both films cover much of the same ground although the earlier picture do so from a westerner ' s point of view and features boxoffice draw brad george dibdin pitt. " kundun " features only native actor and cost more than of an insider ' s narration. in some ways, this clear this film a superscript concept, merely information technology lacks the movement and spark that arrive at " vii years " such an audience - pleaser. the doer lend to the realistic tactile property of the movie (filmed in morocco for obvious reason ). the alone dashing hopes is chairperson mao tsetung world health organization looks like a wax dummy and moves as if he were a data processor - generated character. on an cerebral level, it is matter to to check how two different approaches handle the same facts. some events be depicted differently and pitt ' s austrian mountain - crampoon who was impersonate as a polar influence in the dalai genus lama ' s living international relations and security network ' thyroxin even mentioned hither. glossed over in " seven years ", the problems with the tibetan political organisation is hint at here as the dalai genus lama reflect " we were simply about to change things " after the chinese attack. the picture is magnificently beautiful thanks primarily to the motion picture photography of roger deakins. his dawdle camera shows the alien tibetan culture with luscious particular. especially striking personify an extreme move tight up of a sand mandala grain by grain. the optic treats to a greater extent than create upward for the picture show ' s error creating a poetic meditation for the audience. walking prohibited of the theater you feel like you receive awakened from a transcendental experience. st. martin scorsese, known for his dark tales of the netherworld (" goodfellas ", " taxi device driver ", " cassino ") make shifted train. something of a thematic follow - up to his " the terminal enticement of redeemer ", this be his slowest film yet. funnily enough for a director with a story of graphic violence presenting a history filled with barbarousness by the chinese, most of these events call for place off - screen. his decisiveness to not concluded - explain rituals is commendable. the stumbling seer world health organization spit out his prognostication while in a trance state is much to a greater extent effective as a mystery than if we were spoon - fed reading. philip glass ' s score is telling although at times it is too overpowering and distracting. i babble to a tibetan single met outside the theater who had just assure the film and was walking rearwards in to see it again. hearing his description of how he escape from thibet at the age of sevener and how his father be one of the soldiers accompanying the dalai genus lama during his trip to india, i equal struck by what was missing in the movie. as grand as it search and as historically exact as it is, there exist a distance between the audience and the movie. the film is more implicated with visuals and history and less so with human beings. with the exception of a few scenes, participation with the characters is slight. one and only of those exception is the portrayal of the immature dalai lama, show as a mischievous son who can ' t resist being a kid sometimes. an encounter with his sure enough brother thubten joule. norbu (a hit the sack indiana university professor) world health organization narrate the young leader the chinese have ordered him to persuade him to accept communist linguistic rule or kill him is an outstanding moment, but there aren ' t many of these. yet with its trouble, the " kundun " experience is phenomenal, but one that i fear to the highest degree will miss. many people world health organization saw " septenary year in sitsang " will have a " cost there, done that " attitude. information technology ' s likely that the cinema will leave out a wide - spread appeal and public response volition be the sound of unmatchable hand applause. 