whenever writer / director henry m. robert altman run in a specific genre, atomic number 2 has the tendency to rewrite it on his ain term. he made the west dirty in " mccabe and mrs. miller " (1971 ), he parodied hard - boiled detective stories in " the long goodbye " (1973 ), and he transformed a cartoon into flesh and rip with " popeye " (1980 ). the same holds dead on target for his nearly late movie, " the gingerbread gentleman's gentleman, " which reinvents a genre that has developed at an exponential rate over the terminal five years: the john grisham moving picture show. by the time " the gingerbread military personnel " was discharge, there was real little grounds that it was e'er based on a story by grisham. in that respect ' s no dreamer young attorney ala gobbler cruise, matthew mcconaughey, chris oxygen ' donnell or flatness damon, and it doesn ' t feature a keen confrontation in a courtroom. instead of being a gilded ode to the powers of the effectual professing, " the gingerbread human race " is a rain - soaked, southern gothic noir thriller with wildly outre characters, a twisting plot line, black humor, a somewhat bleak end, and still altman ' s trademark good - frontal female nudity. the fundamental character of the film be rick magruder, world health organization is unlike any of grisham ' s former lawyer hero. he is older, experienced, and rich; helium drives a ruby red - reddened $ 80, 000 mercedes that never get dirty, even in the ceaselessly pouring rain of savannah river, georgia, where the story unfolds. crick is in the midst of an horrifying divorcement with his wife, leeanne (famke janssen ), and atomic number 2 rarely gets to see his ii children, jeff (jesse james) and libby (mae whitman ). a reason is ne'er given for the divorce, but it isn ' t hard to surmise that rick ' s womanizing make a with child portion in it. whenever he ' s late to peck upwards the kids on his tribulation days, leeanne ever feign information technology ' s because he ' s been " screwing around. " after an office party celebrate another of his court victories (atomic number 2 hasn ' t lost in eighter year ), rick becomes involved with mallory doss (embeth davidtz ), one of the catering waitresses. he take her domicile because her elevator car has be stolen, and they end up in bed together. turn finds out that mallory is comprise terrorise and stalked by her somewhat psychotic padre, dixon doss (robert duvall ), a grungy, stringy, bare - footed old mankind who go a commune of other greasy old codgers. it was actually dixon who stole her automobile that night, and when rick call for why, mallory reply that helium ever do " unearthly " stuff like that. as another graphic symbol set up it, dixon is " a few beers shortsighted of six - pack. " kink ends up convincing mallory to have dixon brought to court and essay for competency. he come after with selective information dug upward by clyde pell, a private investigator friend (robert downey jr. ), and testimonial from mallory ' sulphur begrudging passee - husband, pete randle (tom berenger ). dixon is put in a mental hospital, but his commune buddies succeed in breaking him ko'd. from there, the narration delves into snatch, murder, double - hybridizing, and even a hurricane that impart an ominous swarm of constant ferocity to the action. altman ' s cameraman, changwei guam, gives the pic a dark, soaked face. if information technology isn ' t night - time, at least information technology ' s raining. guam shoots the interior department, which are nearly all dark wood panelling, with a minimum of light. a great deal of the natural process takes piazza in the leafy peach state backwoods, which altman uses to make an acute sentiency of dread and vulnerability. in the city in that location be danger decent, but when rick has to venture into the woods, you potty almost feel him leaving all hope of refinement behind as he literally enters another world. altman have worked in only about every imaginable genre, from western to epic dramas to comedies. but, no matter what the musical style, he make up forever sure to give information technology the altman cast, which usually consists of all kinds of idiosyncratic oddity and little details that are a great deal missed without repetition viewings. " the gingerbread man " is no unlike, although his fashion is much to a greater extent unemotional hither. however, without those trivial touches, the film could accept easy slouch into a routine action / thriller. a great softwood of the credit entry for the motion picture show ' s achiever can be founder to the actors, specially branagh, world health organization rarely works outside of period slice and his own direction. here, the british actor consistently maintains a serviceable southerly drawl, while bring in an basically contemptible character interesting and sympathetic. rick is an extremely blemished adult male, but branaugh brings real man to his character. without it, the full picture show would fall flat because therefore much of information technology is reliant on the audience feeling rick ' s pain and frustration. the supporting actors also set in o.k. performance, include embeth davidtz, who represent probably best know for her meat - breaking role as the judaic maid in " schindler ' s list " (1993 ). tom berenger provides some gruff funny relief, and robert duvall spends most of his on - screen time just now looking wyrd. it doesn ' t seem same he does often because he has very little spoken dialogue, but watch him closely during the film ' s one courtroom scene: his full performance embody in his eye and his body speech communication, and few actors could have pulled it murder without constitute either silly or overbearing. while " the gingerbread man " isn ' t in conference with altman ' s greatest works like " capital of tennessee " (1975) or " the instrumentalist " (1992 ), it be nonetheless a solid piece of genre filmmaking, which may bear witness a successful fomite to restart his somewhat lagging career. some critics love to stereotype films like this as " commercial, " as if altman can only maintain artistic unity if his film are aimed at a tiny audience and don ' deoxythymidine monophosphate make money. altman have do something much better: he took what could have be a generic movie, and by investing artistry and attempt, he made information technology into something more. 