three things i learned from " being john malkovich ": when vex on the lift for your first day of employment on the 7 1 / 2th floor of a edifice, always bring your pry; don ' t stand in the way of your wife ' s actualization as a man; and, whenever entering a portal into the mind of another human being, wear old wearing apparel, because, hey, it ' s muddy in there. " being john malkovich " is the to the highest degree original film to come down the expressway in a really long meter. wildly surrealistic, in time presented in a down - to - earth, foetid style, this is the variety of flick that stay in your head. after savour the sheer cleverness of the plot line, you roll around the wealth of ideas contain within it. from the ethics of relationship and politics of immortality to the really nature of identity itself, there ' s a lot to think astir hither. scarce don ' t forget to sustain fun. understandably, all parties involved in the making of the film sure as shooting do, begin with writer charles i kaufman. " i write ' be john malkovich ' without an abstract, " he explains in the press notes, " blindly, with no mother wit of direction operating theater determination. it ' s of import to me that i wear ' t take a map before i commencement. this allows me to surprise myself, stay put engaged, discover thing, and, hopefully, allow the unconscious to surface. " spike jonze (mark wahlberg ' s sodium? ve buddy in " ternary kings ") takes information technology from there. the white - hot director of the beastie boy ' s " sabotage, " an award - winning spoof of ' 70s tv set cop display, every bit well as legion other music videos and commercials, eschew typical mtv flash for his feature picture show debut. jonze wisely realized that a storyline this strange is most effectively presented in a low - cardinal stylus. his flat, matter - of - fact overture figure out perfectly. and and then in that respect ' s the cast. john cusack represent curb freak craig schwartz, a street performer who periodically gets deck by parents objecting to his remarkably expressive, but definitely titillating puppet shows. over the year, his wedlock to obsessional favorite store employee lotte (cameron diaz) has devolved. once passionate lovers, the deuce are now little more than nice roomie. financially strapped, craig takes a job as an launching - level file cabinet clerk at lestercorp, located on the 7 unity / 2th floor of a manhattan construction. navigating around dr. lester (orson bean ), his 105 year - old boss and floris (mary kay berth ), lester ' s dotty escritoire, craig endeavour to subside into his unexampled lieu, but two things keep him distracted. firstly, in that location ' s the beautiful and imperious maxine (catherine keener ), who delights in tormenting craig over his obvious lustfulness for her. and and so there ' s the yap behind the file cabinet, which turn come out to represent a portal into the mind of actor john malkovich. craig see that anyone world health organization enters the portal gets whooshed into the subconscious of malkovich, where they posterior experience life from his point of view (with enough engrossment, you can still influence his actions ). after 15 minutes, the visitor gets eject and unceremoniously dumped in a ditch on the face of the new jersey turnpike. and so thing get a little weird. by the direction, if you ' ra concerned that single gave away too much of the plot, relaxation assured - - 1 scantily scratched the surface. one of the nigh satisfying aspects of the fable is that george simon kaufman be not content to simply milk joke from his bizarre set - upwards. instead, atomic number 2 crawl into the dark premiss as completely as craig crawls into malkovich, rummaging round and play with the several philosophic implications of compromising another person ' s identity. atomic number 2 likewise examine the consequences of the malko - visits to craig, lotte, maxine and, of course, john malkovich himself. the performances are brilliant. malkovich (best known to mainstream audiences for his body of work in " grievous liaisons, " " in the line of attack, " and as head psychopath in the guilty - pleasance " con air ") tweaks his own image in a dandy ego - deprecating turn. far from his effete, mistily reptilian theatrical role, this malkovich is just another schlub, drinking with his pals and try to get lay (accidentally, charlie sheen also plays himself in a hilarious parody of his well - earned bad boy reputation ). as always, john cusack nails his part, handily pulling viewers on still as craig ' s actions become steep. the big surprises come from catherine ii keener and cameron bartholomeu diaz, both playing against type. kenner, commonly cast in icy subsidiary roles, is wondrous as a extremely reasoning, extremely manipulative femme fatale. cameron diaz, barely recognizable under a raft of robert brown, curly hair, sheds her perpetually sunny grinning and draw big laughs as a woman throw into utmost sexual muddiness after taking a ride in malkovich. " make up john malkovich " stumbles towards the end, as jonze and kaufman try besides hard to adjudicate the various subplots. extra character reference and increasingly complex explanations lead to a littered finale. disregardless, this modern day " alice in wonderland " is a real treat. i enjoyed find out " being privy malkovich, " only only when afterwards, after reflecting on the film, did its plangency fully arrive at me. at one point, craig says, " do you get it on what a metaphysical can of insect this hepatic portal vein be? " truer words were never speak. 