in 1995, brian singer and christopher mcquarrie dreamed astir a unsubdivided conception: the audience isn ' t stupid. from that, they run low on and created the most plot - driven, intricately pieced movie in the last 25 years. the result: the common suspect, one hell of a movie that redefines the countersign secret plan twist. the story be twist around, and is really confusing to take, although easy to follow on screen. special tec kujan (chazz palminteri) grills " verbal " kint (kevin spacey ), a cripple con - man world health organization is the lone survivor of an la boat explosion that claim more than than xx victim. kujan want to confirm that his nemesis, the rogue cop buster keaton (gabriel byrne ), exist really deadened. kint relate the bulk of the film in flashback, beginning with the fateful day when quint shifty guys meet in a police - post card in newfangled york city. along with glowering keaton, kint encounters cheerfully sociopathic mcmanus (stephen baldwin ), mordantly sarcastic hockney (kevin pollak ), and fenster (benicio del toro ), whose speech communication is virtually incomprehensible. together they plot to steal a small fortune in gems from " fresh house of york ' s finest taxi service " - - crooked cops world health organization provide escort overhaul for call drug bigwig. what follow is a racing shell - game of force and betrayal, all hinging on the identity of a cryptic villain called keyser soze. the film is brightly summary: its the short 90 minutes you ' ll ever spend in a motion picture theater. the cast embody exceptional. palminteri refulgency, he is brutally fair, a true fuzz, one who be going after the unharmed story because its on that point. byrne be terrific, his sulk character, his seriousness is needed to supplement the hysterical neurosis of benicio del toro, who is a bacchanal as fenster. del toro be brilliant, his lines be a higgledy piggledy mess, you can ' t understand a word the man says, just it certainly exist damn funny. baldwin is too very in force, atomic number 2 be careful, methodical, and coldness, a chilling character with a tight stripe of spicy - blooded sarcasm. pollak is also terrific as usual, a really good character player. all the same, this volition be forever make love as the film that set up kevin spacey. spacey be simply breathtaking, atomic number 2 is a force on crt screen, giving a magnetic performance that jars the senses at the ending of this overrefinement maze. spacey ' s execution will be remembered for years, for it is the unspoilt of his life history, it crataegus oxycantha be the best supporting actor performance in the last fifty years. verbal kint cost a cagey teller, weak, oppressed, and joyously evil to the off white, yet pitiful, one world health organization draws sympathy. the flick cost a adept one, a decent film until the final 10 minutes. what this film boils downwardly to is the swell end in cinematic history, for me at least. the divine revelation of keyser soze, the closing gunfights, it is something wondrous. you have to project this movie about decade time to believe what they do. kudos to mcquarrie and singer for give the interview a delightful, fast - paced, furiously plot - driven picture show with quirky part, phenomenal acting, and some uproarious moments stuck in the middle. mcquarrie refuses to conceive the audience is dim. without furnishing too many details, he concoct his chronicle and let it be given, hoping the audience get it at the end. we do. this power just comprise the fine cinematic puzzle ever created. praise also to singer and john ottman, who created the musical score. they both make what is a true film - noir scene, carefully setting up this intricate teaser until the final, jarring terminate. there are flaws: more questions raised than answers, deficiency of lineament growing, and no strong female person characters (save 1 ). however, the plot, and that stunning ending, make up for totally the flaws and more than. if you haven ' thyroxin hear the movie, rent it. sentinel it. then rewind the tapeline, and ascertain information technology again. trust maine, you ' ll be amazed. 