america has in the end drive what it ' s needed for years: a compassionate earnest president with impressive ethic and personal appeal. regretfully information technology ' s only a picture show. president james marshall (harrison gerald r. ford) comprise feed up with terrorist activities. team up upwards with the russian government, he gild a strike force capture of alexander radek, a reactionist general ready to re - merge the soviet union under his fascist sovereignty. during a festivity dinner, marshall announces to the world that he leave commit flock to fight oppression wherever information technology exists. " information technology ' s your tour to embody afraid, " he declares. return home on air force i, he catch the chance to demonstrate his words in person. ultra - nationalist militant loyal to radek and lead by ivan korshunov (gary oldman) commandeer the plane jeopardise to stamp out a hostage every half hour until the cosmopolitan is issue. marshall has a chance to escape in a jettisoned ejection seat (which clinton enunciate doesn ' t exist in real life) but refuses, choose to stay and combat. director wolfgang peterson (" das boot ", " in the line of fire ", " outbreak " read the over - use " die hard " motif and gives u.s. something new in a film that combine brilliant move with hold - your - breath intensity. if you can take your eye off the screen, steal a flavor at the hearing. everyone be totally engrossed. the two actors do what they answer good and they are probably the good there are at information technology. oldman has become typecast as a psychotic sadist and no wonder - - he does information technology and then intimately. when he engages the teenage first daughter in sensitive conversation astir his household and the adjacent minute threatens to blow a fix in her frontal bone, you know that he ' s all over the edge in the manner that hoi polloi with a cause can become. you are convinced that untried alice could end upward terminate at any time. when korshonov executes passengers, there embody a frightening reality to it. the gunman in this film are deadly weapons, non cartoons. harrison ford has come i function for several years. his mastery of the man in the courting propelled into despairing action is in top form hither. marshal is a medal of honor recipient who straight off has a desk chore. realistically, he ' s a military man afraid, simply not afraid to act. ford be one of the few actors that could get us believe that the president of the joined states could be an action at law hoagy. indiana inigo jones in the elliptic office. atomic number 2 and oldman ' s archetype match up perfectly. the other roles too go to carry out actors. glenn close as the determined but diffident frailty - chairwoman is the image of an executive hale into a position that she ' sulfur non quite quick for. dean stockwell as defense escritoire eagre for the authorization (" iodin ' m in charge hither! " ) is her political nemesis and turns in a safe alexander haig performance. of course the politics live all awry. a cowherd president (even pile to his public figure) with big guns shoots his way done problems. much like the american corporate memory of president john f. kennedy ' s camelot, the picture is wondrous if you don ' t expect too thick. the pulls on the loyal heartstrings would be excessively much in any other motion picture, simply they work hither. no thing what political twisting you put on the story, the movie constitute an prominent one. i entrust the theatre tactual sensation that there is hope for the country ' s future: not a unwashed belief present. right away if we only can catch ford to run for president. just because one actor didn ' t workplace out as primary executive director doesn ' t mean value that a different one couldn ' mt. ( michael redman has lose count of how many geezerhood he ' s been writing this pillar - - 21 days. .. 22 yr - - while watching the sunflowers outside his windowpane swaying in the cool breezes. ) 