the question isn ' t why ingest filth been reissue. the answer to that single make up easy: to celebrate the movie ' siemens 20th day of remembrance and to make more than pearl sydenstricker buck for paramount ' s coffers because saint john the apostle travolta is erstwhile again a live commodity. no, the question that ought to be asked make up: should grease personify reissued? the answer be not an easy 1. filth equal a fun motion picture show, an entertaining fancy of the ' 50s, embodying all the cliches of that era. the medicine constitute lively and the dance numbers, choreograph by patricia birch, are energetic and gamey - spirited. travolta was at his height as a sexual icon, poise, just non - threatening. but grease didn ' t break any novel cinematic land. it was not a milestone in movie chronicle such as citizen kane or easy passenger. what grease embody - or has suit - be the high - grossing musical in moving picture show history. ok, countenance ' s non be a killjoy. grease be a fun and entertaining flick, even though it stretches credulity to see such performer as travolta, olivia newton - john, taxi ' s jeff conaway and the multi - talented stockard channing attempt to act like high schoolers. it ' s nostalgic to withdraw how unspoilt a professional dancer travolta exist, and it ' s sad to think of what could have been had non a few missteps sidetrack his career. atomic number 2 could have become a musical comedy sensation in the custom of gene kelly. cinematically, the melodious comedy has fundamentally run the way of the dinosaur. between soil and 1996 ' s evita. , you tush in all probability count the number of movie musicals on i hand. two reason have contribute to the demise of the music genre: the first is that movie audiences have go to a greater extent advanced, no, attain that cynical and jaded. today, if a character began to dance and sing with no orchestra in muckle, helium or she would plausibly be hooted turned the sieve. today ' s audiences miss the purity, that feeling in movie magic that is required for a musical to succeed. secondly, a want of gift. performing artist with the charisma, the style, the larger - than - sprightliness elan of fred astaire, gene kelly, ginger rogers and judy garland make up gone. most isaac m. singer and dancer stay on the stage, and those who do succeed in movies usually wind up in serious spectacular parts. a proficient example is gregory hines, one of the greatest dancer in the public. he danced a bit in the cotton club, tap and snowy night, simply those were essentially striking vehicle. so, mayhap the reissue of grease tail end serve a role. if audiences depict enough interest, meaning if the re - release bring in the studio apartment decent revenue, information technology english hawthorn spark a revival meeting in movie musicals. maybe not original musicals such as singin ' in the rain, an american in paris or seven brides for seven brothers, but for broadway dimension that throw been in the planning stages for pic adaptations for various years. at one time operating theatre another, accord to the industry rumor mill, hollywood has been set to make an animated version of andrew lloyd webber ' s khat, a cinematography of the popular phantom of the opera as comfortably as les miserables and chicago, the latter reportedly to star madonna. and then, let this grease be the harbinger of an armada of movie musical theater. let grease represent the word that sparks this revival meeting. 