train the success of brit humor in the movie diligence with the like of the semi - dramatic the commitments and the nearly slapstick a fish called wanda, the full monty equal one film which delivered the depth of the former and the humour magnitude of the latter. the film opens with a narrated documental reel showing the improving economic and living standards of sheffield in the lx ' southward, then cut to the rough realness of the present. sheffield has become some sorting of a semi - slum area with the solitary visible increase in anything was the sum of money of layoffs from steel - factories; a erst flourishing diligence. gaz (thomas carlyle) spends most of his time in the proletarian ' s club, a sort of place where idle people sit around to wait for problem whirl. he and his ` plump ' friend dave (addy) equally good as their former boss gerald (sir geoffrey wilkinson) get been sitting around the club for months without any ` claim for duty '. what seemingly represent just a passing hard time for gaz suddenly transformed itself into despair when atomic number 2 cannot afford the 700 quid of child - support money to his x - wife. of a sudden finding himself facing the possiblity of fall back custody of his word, atomic number 2 conk on to dream up an enterprising dotty - idea to get the money he desperately requires. dave and gerald too have problem of their own. on top of his lack of employment, dave is also faced with the paranoia of his wife leaving him because of his current financial state as well as his ` plump ' visual aspect while gerald receive been cheating on his wife by not telling her of his layoff for as long as 6 months, allow base for ` work ' when he was actually a long - standing member of the worker ' s club. in that location we have information technology; masses with real problems and a not - therefore - practical solution for them. gaz manages to get the backing from them and sure enough they managed to get a few former poor out of work blokes to bring together in their gag: to perform a strip - act at the local pub. in gaz ' s own words while take care at an add for a strip - act have hunky ` beautiful ' men, ` if women be unforced to pay for this, they sure as substantially will pay for substantial - men '. the full monty is very unproblematic in nature and not a trace challenging at all. it be a small film which delves in the harsh - reality of unemployment and the despair it drives hoi polloi to. information technology besides is a very tripping movie to find out despite the theme it cut into in because it accept a lot of human - factor going for information technology. never for once, be it trying to be manipulative at all, the total monty exist true to itself altogether the way. while the gleefulness tier of this film soared unexpectedly high, hearing will observe that they are in no way being cheat of a jest, something lack in many comedy films (wannabes?) from hollywood. early than thomas carlyle, who acted as the psychotic begbie in trainspotting, the rest of the actors make up emphatically very new to me on - screen. however, the acting introduce in this photographic film is more than satisfying. carlyle ' s work hither be a gross line to his character in trainspotting, implying existent acting skill and tractability on - screen. kudos to the the great unwashed involve in this film, especially to director peter cattaneo for being able to put together an excellent movie which is has then much potential in ending up as your just - another - ecdysiast. already a critical and financial winner for such a low cinema, the full monty be a humble film which deserves clapping throughout. while titanic manage to feast the eye and soul in an epical way, the full monty gives one the like satisfaction? ?. in one half the time. 