catherine deane (jennifer lopez) constitute a psychologist who has been hire to participate in a project where she hind end enter the minds of comatose victims and try to interact with their subconscious in an try to wake them up. she has represent experience temperate success with a young son in a coma, but the boy ' s parents aren ' deoxythymidine monophosphate happy with the manifest lack of progress and the cost of her job is having adverse affects on her even life. as if trying to assure the boy ' s parents wasn ' t intemperate enough on her, a young development rebel that furthers the strain on deane ' s mental faculties. a vicious serial orcinus orca named carl stargher (vincent five hundred ' onofrio) have been kidnapping woman, locking them in an automatise cell that drowns them slowly in a matter of days, then soaking the army corps in bleach to turn them into life - sized dolls. but after kidnapping his latest victim and lock her in the cellphone, stargher has a traumatic experience that triggers a schizoid virus in his brain and causes him to settle in an eternal catatonia. the police, led by fbi agent peter novak (vince vaughn) embody able to settle stargher by some clues he left while dumping his previous dupe ' s body, only they finger all hope is lost for his current dupe due to his vegetative state. in a last place ditch attempt, they enquire deane and the scientist that created the project to undergo the frightening labor of entering stargher ' s mind to try and find the location of the dupe locked in the mortal cell. .. a cell which will completely fill with water in the next forty hour! initial reports about this pic described it as a hybridisation between the silence of the lambs and the ground substance. while information technology does share some characteristics with both pic (peculiarly the maiden forty minutes, which seem almost like a condensed adaptation of lambs ), the prison cell also appear to contain elements of dreamscape and brainstorm. the buzz around this undertaking is that first - clip feature film director tarsem singh (who gain ground many awards for his video of radius. e. m. ' s " losing my religion ") wanted a script that he could manner images out of instead of a cohesive story, and a good portion of this film support that theory. despite the borrowed elements from the aforesaid films and a handwriting that contains several logically questionable instant, the prison cell does feature some remarkable imaging. all of the sequences where we delve into someone ' s mind are fabulously beautiful (let in the dank mind of stargher, whose thoughts equal reminiscent of an h. r. giger painting come to life sentence mixed with a tool music video ), proving that singh is as whiz at filming strange and wonderful paradigm as his acclaim would extend us to believe. the first sequence that takes topographic point in stargher ' s mind be by far the best, boast one of the most ingenious traps i ' ve ever seen in a film (call for a horse, which no one seeing this film will probably forget ), a zoo - like display of stargher ' s victims which are animated corresponding marionettes, and stargher himself in a jumbo purple cape that spans the walls of his genial throne room. if the film had continued within this dirty monstrous world i would have take for the celluloid brilliant, but ala, the sequences only suit more silly as they go on (despite a irritating nipple border removal later in the film ). the cast is basically simply an excuse for there to cost some moderate secret plan semblance during the parade of images, but at least vincent d ' onofrio turns in his usual bizarre and psychotic performance (magnified by ten, thanks to the environment in which the movie has be placed ). in my opinion, d ' onofrio was one of the best creepy actors i have e'er catch in a moving picture show, but his film choices as of tardy have been thus totally fearful (i. e. - the newton boys, feeling gopher state, the thirteenth base, and the velocity of gary) that 1 have begun to rethink my initial judgement of him. the eccentric of stargher is an fantabulous role for him though, and will probably lead to a bit of typecast for him. detractors of violence and disturbing range of a function volition want to quell far away from this photographic film, as it contains heavy doses of both. besides the nipple tintinnabulation remotion i mention above, there is also stargher ' s penchant for hanging suspend off of the floor by the rings that pierce his rachis and legs (prior to his catatonia and seizure) which will have audiences kick back. a sequence where catherine enter stargher ' s mind and find him recreate the disemboweling of his first victim is also pretty disquieting. one second likewise features a character having his intestines slowly removed from his body by an old fashioned hired man cranked spit - like gimmick. as a narrative film, the cell be painfully lacking. as a collection of images though, the cell follow super well done. although the latter sequences in the film contain few disturbing imagery than the first one half, singh have done what he supposedly lay out out to do: hit a film solely for the design of string some remarkable images in concert. unfortunately, a advantageously - written script should have been considered also, because without information technology the cell just seems like any other medicine video we could escort on mtv (supply, of course, that mtv allowed for the manipulation of graphic violence and language in music videos ). 