abridgment: the managing director of cure bring a weird and rattling complex concept to the screen. one wake will not be enough to understand fully the assumption of pulse. the idea is something astir ghosts and the internet. the moving picture show has an amazing revelatory style. , + ii (- quaternary to + iv ) perchance the nearly disturbing (and disturbed? ) film maker in the world is kiyoshi kurosawa. his films all look to have i way, bleak. the worlds he create are terrorise and cold. short known in the us to date, his films birth the variety of horror that hence many of our filmmakers promise and be ineffective to deliver. most of his ideas make up fresh and at the same sentence morbid. his 1998 picture cure, with matchless of his niftiest ideas, be just now getting a woefully special release in the us and hopefully enough people volition see it that his name testament soon be one to conjure with. cure is probably his classic. last yr he released sitting, a remake of seance on a plastered good afternoon. that was perhaps a miscalculation inserting supernatural element into a non - supernatural tale. pulse be kurosawa back on form. taguchi, a immature computer expert, comprise late with his livery of some important software. two co - worker locomote to his apartment and find it a dreary dark occasion in spite of his computer equipment. taguchi, represent very strangely, lets his friend look for the drop software. meanwhile he slip behind a charge card curtain. when he miscarry to react to calls his friends follow him behind the curtain and discover he let hanged himself. if that be non horror enough the trunk seems to disappear pull up stakes just a foreign dark mildew - like spot on the bulwark. taguchi ' s computer seem to have been infected with some kind of information processing system virus. people whose computer gets the virus appear superficially to die via self annihilation. but they are non entirely dead. their spirits look to remain present somehow in the real humans and on the internet. people who commence the computer virus be asked if they want to see a ghost. if they tell yes, they seem to be capable to interpret real time images of the tone still nearby somehow. the information processing system shows them impossible images of wraith in their ain rooms as seen from cameras that do not subsist. this personify all somehow connected to heaven and hell somehow filling up and spill over " like a calculator magnetic disk. " instead the dead seem to be staying on earthly concern and live computer viruses. there is some variety of passing between cosmos having something to do with doors marked with red tape and strange electronic disturbances on reckoner. depart it to kurosawa to find a new form of death. this equal a film that receive more than weird ideas piled together than lifeforce and somehow kurosawa makes the motion picture all work. information technology english hawthorn non totally convey his content of isolation and its parallels to death, but whatever it cause convey be nightmarish. kurosawa, world health organization directs his own screenplay, ties his story into the real world with some familiar and accurate computing machine discussion. frequently the plot is advanced with character hunch be assumed to embody fact. his plotting is frequently hard to follow and always really unusual. junichiro hayashi, the cameraman world health organization of late has constitute doing all of kurosawa ' s film, create a dark, cold, and grim tone. images are obscure by semi - lighting or personify behind plastic curtain. scenes are not milked for their repulsion the means american exploitation films might. people are shoot with guns merely there is little if any blood line in evidence. seeing black silhouette on computer screens be non immediately scary. kurosawa is non going for and well off ocular shock, but a deeper metaphysical dread. of any repugnance filmmaker in the world, kiyoshi kurosawa is the one to watch. i rate this metaphysical tone at isolation a seven on the 0 to decade scale and a + 2 on the - 4 to + 4 scale leaf. 