eddie murphy have had his share of ups and down during his life history. known for his notorious late 80 ' s slump, tater has still care to bounce back with a handful of hits in the retiring few years. with the exception of the dreadful holy serviceman, he appears to be on gait for a full - fledge comeback. life history comprise a great move on the part of murphy and co - ace martin lawrence, because it ' s a outstanding showcase for both thespian that never resort to slap - gluey drivel. director ted demme is smart enough to earn that the two comedians can mother enough literal laughs on their ain, and doesn ' tonne insert a distracting plot to back them upwardly. life is, in a sense, matchless majuscule equilibrate act with murphy on one end and lawrence on the former. surprisingly, the scale never tilt in either ' s favor ascribable to the marvelous interpersonal chemistry and marvelous contrast that each actor countenance the former. as the movie unfold, we ' atomic number 75 enclose to ray mel columcille gerard gibson (eddie murphy ), a two - timing pickpocket who schmoose his way into a baseball club. at that place helium meets a successful businessman key claude banks (martin st. lawrence ). somehow, after multiple contrivances, the mismatched couple encounter themselves on their way to mississippi on a moon run. when all is say and done, ray and claude have comprise framed for a murder that represent actually committed by the townsfolk sheriff. hence the setting of life sentence: mississippi state of matter prison house, where the main characters come to realize their improbable friendship is important, and become gear up on find oneself an patsy - proof escapism plan. the film takes us from the 30 ' southward wholly the way to the 90 ' s, represent a unmanageable task in showing how the age process affects ray and claude. luckily, rick bread maker handle the make up effects of the two actors in a fantastic, academy award calibre personal manner. not only do we conceive the character look as if they ' re 90 years honest to god, but they sound like information technology, too. murphy and e. o. lawrence are completely win over in the lead roles, still as crotchety old cons bickering over a plot of cards. this is precisely one of the pleasant surprise that the film has tucked up information technology ' s sleeve. while the ads are marketing life time as a straight arrow clowning, thither make up a respectable amount of dramatic fabric hidden at it ' s core. but the comedic vista work toppingly, wisely drawing strength from the talents of the deuce star. the picture is more than of a comedy than it is a dramatic event, merely in both senses, information technology ' s an overpowering delight. iodine could tell a few spoilt things about the moving picture show, but i don ' t want to. information technology ' atomic number 16 such a nice surprise, such a not bad fomite for eddie murphy and martin lawrence, that it warrants a immense smile as the credits set out to cast. 