anna and the king stride onto the screen in full regalia, wearing a glorious cause of grand landscapes, deeply, vibrant colouring and an epic plot line. information technology ' s lawful beauty come from information technology ' s subtle ruminations on the government of power, whether it ' s between governments, beaver state the interplay between a man and a woman. anna (jodie stephen collins foster) is a widowed british schoolteacher with a signature of wanderlust trying to grasp her quicksilver feel concerning the recent expiry of her husband. with son in tow, she takes the employ of king mongkut (chou dynasty yun - fat) to tutor his son in the english voice communication. mongkut see the strength of the british and correctly surmises that his body politic ' s future lies in spread out itself astir to the ways of the western world. anna function is to help provide that data link. the core of the film, of course, deals with the blossoming sexual love between anna and mongkut as information technology attempts to shoot in the hostile grunge of a shifting political climate. stephen foster plays anna with equal parts clench jaw and wide of the mark - eyed wonder. she is assertive, hitherto, respectful of the king as she initially attempt to impose her westerly sensibilities upon him. it is one of foster ' s strongest performance since silence of the charles lamb in a role she could not have played in the first place in her career. she brings a mature ego - awareness and conclusion that power not have derive across from a younger stephen foster. information technology ' s a joy to keep an eye on her cagily deal for her own meter of influence within the kingdom of mongkut ' s monarchy. when she attain her entrance into a politically charged banquet mid - film, she exudate a hypnotic beauty that is deepened by her textured performance. chow - yun fatty tissue ' s king mongkut be every beat of foster ' s anna, perhaps even more so. this is the chow chow yun - fat that hong kong cinema take in be in lovemaking with for nearly twenty years. he cost levy, yet vulnerable, playful, merely stern. it be an imposingly assured and nuanced performance. precious time be stolen from the movie ' s 155 minutes run time by an unengaging subplot involving one the king ' s concubine (bai ling) and her love of a commoner. information technology strikes with the subtlety of kingdom of thailand ' s fabled white elephant as it stomps done the at leisure paced story. some crataegus laevigata be commit remove by the action mechanism filled climax of the movie. although a spot inconsistent in spirit from the rest of the photographic film, information technology fits within the established subplot of a perceive beleaguering by neighboring burma, a country backed by the british. anna and the king transcends being a predictable, traditional love story by avoiding mawkishness. it shows a conquest of intelligence. ever mindful of each early ' s positions, anna and king mongkut negociate a maze of social customs, conflicting world views and lost loved ones to tie on a level that ultimately proves deeply satisfying, if not achingly bittersweet. 