it must equal tough to embody a mob boss. precisely ask paul vitti (robert deniro ), a man who finds his job as cosa nostra nous to embody rather stress inducing. i canful believe it, as well - i can ' t yet begin to bottom the turmoil he must go through when he ' s force to select between an ice pick, baseball game bat or sledge to torture victims with. suffering from reoccurring panic attacks, paul decides he needs to consult some professional assist. and who better than billy crystal. after appear in bottom - of - the - barrelful flops, father ' s clarence shepard day jr. and my giant, crystal last rule a reliable costar and some very promising material here. playing vitti ' s private shrink, the ii very different stars strike an unorthodox, merely interesting relationship that carries this enjoyable clowning on a steady wave of joke from commencement to finish. cast henry martyn robert deniro as paul vitti is something of an in - joke, i mean. place in this mobster ' south brake shoe, deniro set about to spoof fibre he himself played in films comparable the godfather, part ii and casino. it ' s obvious he ' s having a lot of playfulness doing so. the man behind the camera is harold ramis, whose credits let in ghostbusters (as writer and star ), and his best directing try, the bill james murray vehicle, groundhog day. ramis has a knack for draw laughs because atomic number 2 simply knows what ' s funny remark, and hither atomic number 2 wangle to emphasize the strengths of nearly all the actors. the solitary character who weakens the final payment is crystal ' s bride - to - be (lisa kudrow ). play the same dumbed - down role as she does in friends, kudrow is amusing, but doesn ' t fit into this funniness mold every bit well as the conductor may hold hop skip. the supporting cast coruscation. joe viterelli be hilarious as jelly, vitti ' s pea brained correct - hand valet de chambre, and chazz palminteri is a show stopper playing a fellow mobster who ' s in desperate need of the definition of ` occlusion '. the movie manage to keep reproducible chuckles throughout, putting the emphasis on 3 beaver state 4 really big laughs that will have audiences grok their sides. the site is just too cute to resist. information technology ' s unfortunate that the words gets passably out of hand. just hey, if you ' re in the mafia, using obscenities probably comes naturally. and near the close, seeing billy crystal effort to walk and blab like a mob honcho is truly a particular treat. 