richard gere can embody a commanding thespian, but helium ' s non always in great films. everything come together here. gere is a heavy prison term windy city defense lawyer who take on a seemingly unwinable case in hopes of even more than publicity. it doesn ' deoxythymidine monophosphate go exactly as he expects. gere ' s customer, henry louis aaron (edward norton ), is a timid stuttering tennessee boy who be accused of brutally murdering and mutilate a catholic archbishop. the grounds be stacked against him. he was caught running from the scene cover in the bishop ' s blood. his bloody step are all terminated the murder prospect. he experience a relationship with the non christian priest. gere talks to the son, believes that helium is actually innocent and sets astir finding the real cause of death. despite the lawyer ' s proclamations that helium doesn ' t care about the guilt of his clients and that the literal thrill personify gambling with masses ' s lives, he becomes involved with aaron and is determined to justify him. lots of complications and twists. the prosecuting lawyer is gere ' s quondam carbon monoxide gas - worker and buff. they both ferment each former ' s motive to their legal advantages and information technology gets messy. her boss had major economic dealings with the archbishop that went sour and seems to throw crime connections. aaron gets weirder and weirder as the test proceed on. gere ' s case be falling aside and he is face with about a dozen ethical dilemma. gere is exceptional as the fountainhead - dress reserved advocate, just only formerly, i wanted to see him kick backwards and come out of his " case " role. even when he loses information technology, you put on ' t see really far inside. norton ' s henry louis aaron be convincing: he do across as the backwoods kid misplace in the with child metropolis. the supporting cast does a hunky dory task of holding in concert the story. as with most of the effective courtroom dramatic event, the cinematography is snappy and rich. the story will keep you on the edge of your tush. nothing is what information technology seems. 