a frequent mistake is the classification of a terrorist as a soldier or a common criminal. a soldier commits acts of force sanctioned by ace country - state against another. a plebeian condemnable commits acts of violence for personal gain. a terrorist employs random violence as a means to a political remainder. if the quarry nation does not strike the desired change in insurance policy, the force continues. it exist the fear resulting from the fact that the terrorist crataegus oxycantha collide with at anyone (even entire innocents ), anyplace, at anytime that give the figure his label. edward zwick ' s the siege search the possibility of this kind of fierceness learn place mightily hither in the united states. you ' d imagine the opening bit was rip right from the headlines. arab terrorist kill american citizens abroad, and the uracil. sulphur. responds by retaliating against the dandy whom purportedly order the attack. withal, unlike the real - life tomahawk sail projectile strike against bin laden ' s camp and manufacturing facility, the picture show variation depicts special operations troops kidnapping sheik ahmed bin talal. in revenge, the terrorists bring the combat to the new human beings. unknowingly involved is fbi assistant special agent - in - charge anthony hubbard (denzel washington ), who play out of the dresser ' s new york bureau at i federal center. while look into a series of bombings in the big orchard apple tree, he encounters cia factor elise kraft (annette bening ), besides strain to reveal information. by and large, the fbi be charged with problems inner the uracil. s. , while the central intelligence agency takes care of trouble in the international realm. even spy from other countries are sour limits to the cia as long as they cost in our country. hubbard therefore find information technology highly unusual that an agency weirdo is nosing around what he consider his territory, but as the two physical body a tentative professional kinship, hubbard becomes more and more aware of an increasingly complicated series of allegiance and possibly illegal actions involving terrorism and the united states government. the original tagline for patriot game was, " there has never be a terrorist attack on american dirt. " however true, it was pulled before the moving picture ' sec release because information technology fathom too much like a daring. revisiting the scenario of foreign terrorists committing acts of force in the joined state, the siege be almost an invitation in itself, because it shows just what kind of turmoil could be produced if an good terrorist network personify to set up operation here in america. admittedly, the affright wrought upon new york is a bit excessive (world health organization ' randomness travel to believe that a few bombs are go to cause new yorkers to jump at the backfire of a busbar or to curtail their shopping by two - third base? ), but the basic assumption is withal valid. i liked the fact that this flick rises above the canonic action - thriller fare of adept guy g - men against bad guy terrorist by exploring some of the effects on society and police force and ordering. it provides a very possible hypothesis that wild activity on the piece of a few arabs would intensify into a series of hate crimes against the arab - american population, and that in an exertion to find the terrorists, the civil familiarity of the nonage may equal violated by the government itself. in fact, about midway through the pic, when the chairwoman authorizes the annunciation of martial jurisprudence within new house of york city, the liberties of all american are put at risk. although it whitethorn actually follow a side outcome of a terrorist campaign, the demise of social order in america be a scary thought and a goal which would non comprise to a lower place many international terrorist groups. throughout, the film maintains a conflict between hubbard, world health organization wants to use the fbi to pursue the terrorists within the alphabetic character of the police force, and general devereaux (bruce willis ), world health organization is in command of the army and of the mind that the bang up salutary would be better serve by suspending the law and go after the terrorist more forcefully. what results be a fascinating public debate over the rightness and constitutionality of the declaration of martial police force and the conjuring of the war powers act, utilizing doctrine and diachronic examples to make points on both sides. information technology in reality gets rather heady at times, but it ' s a credit to screenwriters zwick, lawrence wright, and menno meyjes that they wear ' t underestimate the intelligence information of the audience. i don ' t know if information technology ' s his tone or inflection or something else, simply denzel washington accept a way of spitting forbidden dialog that pee pee whatever he articulate intelligent great. this, combined with his innate acting power and his experience in flirt the mid - level authority form, makes his performance in the siege convincing and enjoyable. annette bening gives one of the more assertive portrayals of a distaff character i ' ve seen recently, and the chemical science she shares with washington is palpable. it ' s somewhat unfortunate that her character ' s fortitude is reveal at a sealed head, but it allows united states to look out bening toy a little more range. bruce thomas willis be pretty much relegate to a toughened - guy role, constantly standing straight, and with a permanent scowl fixed upon his facial expression. however, the tension that exists between devereaux and hubbard is a major drive behind the motion picture show ' s growing. celebrated is tony shalhoub who act as fbi agent frank haddad, a lebanese immigrant. the function calls for evidencing both a kind of filial pride for his heritage, and disdain for those of his ain race who mightiness interpose with his integration into the american society. hard to tell the least, shalhoub does information technology with a naturalness you can well nigh reach out and touch. perhaps best known for his character as antonio the hack device driver in the nbc sitcom " wings, " shalhoub gained notoriety for his dramatic abilities in the fantastic film grown night. whereas denzel evergreen state seems to be edward zwick ' s favorite actor (atomic number 2 directed washington in glory and braveness under blast ), james horner appear to be his favorite composer. ace therefore found information technology odd that zwick chose the prolific score - writer graeme revell (sevener films this year already) over horner for the siege until one realized that this picture show contained a lot of arabian - themed music, and horner ' s criminal record has shown more of a propensity for scores either neutral in ethnicity or irish - sounding at most. revell does a just business at providing appropriate euphony to punctuate key scene and allowing the grievance to enhance the film as a whole. it ' entropy nowhere virtually as intrusive as in some of the other films we ' ve been getting throughout the year. missteps in the siege can be found in a duo of the overindulgence information technology takes. for example, it ' s fairly clear throughout that the picture make up mean to be more of thriller than an action picture. unluckily, on that point ' s a scene where the army just cuts loose against some arab immigrants in a blatant presentation of firepower and burst, obviously meant for the only use of be eye - catching. in the middle of the urban center (and against no real opponent ), zwick even possess the united states army use a cobra attack helicopter to shoot rocket into a building no farther than 50 feet from friendly troop. verisimilitude really kick the bucket out the window at that point. the film also gets a little preachy toward the conclusion, focus on the ability of different races to contract on. a noble gesture, the photographic film just puts the subject matter across a bit too apparently. these flaws are glaring, just they don ' t take away too much from an otherwise adept film that makes you conceive about issues you may non birth debate since history class. 