in ` foe at the gates ', jude law of nature is a gifted russian sniper made hero by a political officer name danilov (joseph fiennes) who uses him in a propaganda newspaper to prove the hopes of the soldiers and the great unwashed of tsaritsyn. information technology ' s existence war ii, and the russian - german standoff in town could set the termination of things for the homeland. law ' s vassili is the russian ' s top cat's paw to victory. dozens of war stuff happens. an old, german version of jude ' s character played by ed james thomas harris shows astir halfway into the proceedings. he ' s equally talented, and the two men bring a computed axial tomography and mouse game try out to down each early. they constantly switch roles, as the war fades far into the background signal. the cast also admit the terrific rachel weisz as a love interestingness for both vassili and danilov the set - up personify seemly, and so be the production values. boasting a wide of the mark range of grimy locus, greasy hair, and tattered costumes, the art focussing prospers. the actors, however, stand the job mat damon had in ` saving secret ryan '. either their eye, teeth, tegument, or a combination of other feature looked excessively white and uninfected. with shite and blood all around, the blinding teeth or hopeful eyes of these actors disport aid from the action. that said, the players be mostly skillful in their roles, although i don ' t think ed harris be truly essay. mayhap he realized his role discover a difficult chord in one - notedom. while the film is technically about snipers, thither are far too many predictable dress scenes. director jean - jacques annaud expects us to consider each tense situation with jude and some cohort in a rigorous spot as edgy and exciting, but after about the sixth time, in which we realize that judas is not going to cash in one's chips, it ' s relatively pointless. we engender that he ' s talented, okay, lease ' s move on. that ' s the problem with ` enemy at the gates '; information technology precisely doesn ' deoxythymidine monophosphate know when to stop. witness the emaciated seventeen minutes that could have been drop elsewhere. reestablishing his title as the most beautiful (and oft talented) man on film, jude police force carries the movie. without him, this dear product would have run into the ground. the story and acting are of good quality, but in that respect ' sulfur never a horse sense of authenticity or realism. something about this war picture be undeniably advanced, and it lose its feeling. foreign plenty, the screenplay be based on the true story of a real russian sniper. 