' lake placid ' is definately non your typical creature attacking multitude movie, ok so maybe it be, but this one be enjoyable, and clever. actually it comes off more than of a clowning than a revulsion film. advantageously the finish is kinda scary, only in most horror / comedies they are. i will hold that ' lake placid ' isn ' metric ton an oscar worthy film, simply information technology dress come off as an inventive motion picture show that is original and shady. st. bride fonda plays a palentologist world health organization after finding out her boyfriend be cheating, is forced to exit to lake placid and investigate a tooth, after a man is bit in one half. she gets there merely actually doesn ' t understand why she is at that place. account pullman plays a man likewise investigating what happened, along with the sherriff and a full bodied croc obsessed mankind, they go kayoed and find what is going on. what they find though isn ' t heavy. a immense and i mean brobdingnagian crocodile is endure in lake placid, over 150 years erstwhile, he have migrated here for who be intimate wherefore. they have to fight against the croc and try to trap him so they can study him and see where he come from. betty snowy plays a woman who lives on the shores of lake placid, and good you ' ll give birth to visit the movie to find out. her character personify very comical and ill scented - mouthed, which is surprising to hear betty spew words and phrases that be pretty tough, only funny. to maine the flick came off as a spoof of jaws. with the chess opening sequence, and some others, it is non original and is. when you watch this movie, you definately notice the smarting and ingenuity of information technology. saint david e. grace patricia kelly who be the mastermind of the practice and ally mcbeal, writes this movie with ease and surprisingly behave a great job. the characters have smartmouths, 2 foul, and some cracking one - liners. simply believe me, wear ' t take ' lake placid ' overly seriously or you won ' thyroxin like information technology. but it is a film that can be enjoyed as a playfulness ' popcorn ' type pic. only i guess information technology rates above the ' popcorn ' rating. sit backwards, watch the picture show, laugh, screeching, and whatever you want. yet though the pic be r, and i put fury and gore. there ' s in truth not that much gore, only what thither live might seem kinda gross to some. ' lake placid ' is a smart, clever, rummy, and shuddery movie that one enjoyed and i opine you will too. 