information technology ' s no secret in the motion depiction industry that the kinship between a script and the actors involved frequently makes or breaks a motion picture at the box berth. a sickly - written playscript can be trump by a superb acting corp, and a comfortably - write piece can be mangled by a group of amateur. in directing his latest action at law - comedy, film director brett ratner (money talks) takes a comparatively fair piece of standup funniness and change state information technology into a suspect as all get - out buddy cop picture show. in addition, rush hour service as a first - class example of directing a movie with cautious attitude - a feature article that live sure to cast in crowds of all type. the two spark advance names part equal screen time here, mostly because they drop information technology together. jackie chan, in his first completely american production, make water an impressive debut by mixing dialogue with warriorlike art. the other martial artwork flick from a few weeks ago, criticise off, stands no probability against the depicted object of this i. chan supervise to make every fight scene ooze out grace and poise, and in that location ' s no doubt that a large percentage of video sale for this movie will derive from viewers who couldn ' t believe their eyes the inaugural meter. chris sophie tucker, on the opposite slope, bear on a hilarious comedic approach which smoothes out the rocky edge to chan ' s performance. he works utterly with the script, and it ' s quite potential atomic number 2 bestow scribe jim kouf a hand with some of his lines. most essential to the action music genre, the plot is nonexistent. we ' re quickly introduced to detective king james i carter (sophie tucker) cost a maverick officer for the lapd. issue forward to another scene where the daughter (julia hsu) of the american chinese consul (tzi ma) be kidnap by a work party of swarthy character. the federal bureau of investigation is quick to the saving, simply the consul insists that i of his man, detective inspector gypsy rose lee (chan ), be brought on the case to help. the fbi resists, simply then requests that lapd charge a man over to babysit the chinese detective. it ' reciprocal ohm hither that jimmy carter and bruce lee hook up, and the two unwittingly solve the font while the fbi rush in to back them up. rattner does a fine job of going the extra mile to catch his pic to move a step up, just it doesn ' t quite reach the top tier of action - comedies like last yr ' s grosse pointe lacuna. there live moments where the plot strays too far off the consecutive line it sticks almost alone to, and if non for the comedic interaction between tucker and chan, this might embody a major drawback. also, some supporting characters are almost all along for the ride, and others are there simply to look menacing. however, none move over a standoffish functioning and they more often than not interlock into the background. nearly every member of the hurl displays some reservation at one point in time or another - whether it ' s tucker ' s toned - down routine or chan ' s tight rein on his action sequences - and that contributes greatly to this be a watchable movie for all type. a recommendable visit to the theatre, so. 