the roaring introduction medicine finishes, and the photographic camera sweep over red mountains. we see deuce figures appear over a wasteland, and very ruby landscape. they snog, then walk on. i of the characters (schwarzenegger) slips, and falls. the glass on his mask go. his face scruches improving, and his heart ' s menachem begin to come out. .. .. then doug quaid, wager by schwarzenegger, awaken up. information technology ' s all been a aspiration. atomic number 2 wake up next to his beautiful wife, toy by stone, and the film begin. .. full recall is a typical sci - fi plastic film wrapped around an intresting (if far fetched) plot of land. quaid, who has never been to march, keeps on having dreams of the satellite, which take now constitute colanised. one clarence day, while riding on a power train, he ' s see ' s a ad for a troupe anticipate ' rekall ', which plant memories of a holiday, instead of you actually kick the bucket there yourself. quaid chooses the ' secret agent on mars ' memory, and and so the atomic number 16 * * * really hits the lover. the implant run wrong, and quaid actually thinks he is an agentive role on mars for about two minutes, until helium die back to normal and tooshie ' t remember a matter. however, everyone he make love (his workmates, his married woman) turn against him, saying how ' babble astir mars ' and ' be adrift his top on the deputation ' a strange man, called richter, played by ironside, wants to kill him. quaid, now dispiritedly confused, follows the advice give to him, by a ' quaker '. he get ' s his as to red planet. mars be decree by cohagen, played by coxswain, who charges people for melodic line. against him embody the rebels, who are mainly variation. the maverick ' s want quaid to overcome cohagen, because quaid knows (but can ' t remember heretofore) about a reactor that raise air. eventually, quaid kill cohagen, turns on the reactor, saves the planet, and blend in aside with a beautiful lady friend, only like the guy wire at rekall predict him. throughout this plot of ground, in that respect be huge explosions, thousands of deaths (and i mean a lot of death) swearing, sex, and everything else that make ' s a good verhoeven (director of basic inherent aptitude and starship troopers) film. naturally, there ' atomic number 16 some passably imaginative deaths, with weaponry getting ripped off, someone have practice, and head detonate. as you can tell, it ' s fierce stuff and nonsense. but it ' s done thence stylishly, and of track arnie tones it consume with a one liner, that ' s it excusable. the acting be variable. arnie, of course, is useless, but helium goes has some beneficial lines, and in the first twenty minutes, he still play ' s like a normal bloke, non like some action hero. edward durell stone, of course, is useless, make a pretty misfortunate wife, and a pretty poor action poor boy. but, she does sex activity scenes alright. ticoton (most of late seen in con strain ), again, is ok, doing some good action at law, only mystify her emotions all incorrect. unmatched minute she hate quaid, the succeeding she love him, and she never gets this tranisition justly. so, the beneficial guys are fearsome. only, the high risk guy ' s are first class. cox be basically recapitulate robocop, just he ' reciprocal ohm still outstanding in this, and he delivers the best line in the unscathed film cheeseparing the end. ironside be wondrous evil, with an utterly emotionless face. the supporting casting be hunky dory, and not even the comedy sidekick (this time in the chassis of a taxi driver) constitute annoying. one disappointing facet, though, be the special consequence. ilm and dreamquest do some good work (such as a subway post prospect) but the model body of work personify not so sound. some of the manakin heads look appall pseud, and quatto is a major disappointment. another irritating matter cost the product placement. there be a luck of stopper (and a good red planet today suffocate) however, the stage set bet great, and the special effects at the end of the film aren ' t too unsound either. there ' atomic number 16 as well a undecomposed soundtrack running done, by jerry goldsmith (the omen, poltergeist, asterisk trek: the motion picture ) overall, then, full recall personify a hugely violent, yet tremendously pleasurable, natural process fest, with a fairish plot bemuse in there too, some great bad cat, and some imaganitive death. for a schwarzenegger movie, this is non bad at all. in fact, it ' s rattling upright. 