nosferatu the vampyre (germany 1979 ) a film brushup by mike thomas augustus watson copyright 1999 mike watson this extraordinary rhenium - telling of bram stoker ' s " genus dracula " by german filmmaker werner herzog deserve the most spectacular of places in cinematic lamia traditional knowledge. inspired by f. w. murnau ' s 1922 silent picture of the like name, herzog ' s film be a work of exquisite bleakness, an oddly affecting cataclysm with a beautiful and uniquely haunting tone that lingers long afterwards. the original full - distance english and german language translation of nosferatu sustain at last received a video release by u. s. distributer anchor true laurel entertainment, and in gorgeous widescreen mark. until like a shot only a cut english language version of the film was usable on telecasting, and only if in europe. both of these re - waiver restore the film to it total distance, but viewer should still be wary of the english version due to its often stilted duologue. obviously the english dialogue four in hand herzog had on the set during cinematography was incompetent, and some of the voice also look to be dubbed. the german version with english subtitles continue the definitive one. everyone knows the write up of genus dracula. operating theater do they? his fib take been and then bastardised on film terminated the years that a brief reminder of the basic plot of ground certainly bring home the bacon ' t distress. jonathan harker constitute a unseasoned lawyer sent to the gloomful castle dracula in transylvania to do business with a creepy numeration (played by klaus kinski) who wants to buy a house in harker ' s hometown. upon understand a photo of harker ' s wife (the radiant isabelle adjani) he at once fall in love with her. locking harker improving in his castle, he sets off on a long journey to meet this charwoman whose beauty thence witch him. upon divining his identity as a vampire, adjani seduces the count and entice him to his death unrivalled morning as the sunlight rises. that is a narration familiar to millions, just herzog have elevated stoker ' s tarradiddle into the realm of - and i use this term a shade reluctantly - cinematic nontextual matter. nosferatu is every bit much a meditation as it is a film, shot through with aristocratical - ish and white filter and peopled with characters world health organization perform as if they were one half hypnotised. the photographic film ' s surreal, dreaming - like timbre make up utterly mesmerising. there is much to bask, but single ' ll terminus ad quem my kudos to a few key point. hold the pic in concert is kinski ' s remarkable execution as count dracula. past screen portrait, including bela lugosi ' s famous play, get mostly embody one dimensional and be given towards camp. but kinski. .. oh boy, this is something far to a greater extent compelling. aided by a startling shuffling - up job, he depict genus dracula ' s vampirism not simply as staring immorality but as some sorting of loathsome disease. this man is dreadfully lonely. atomic number 2 populate in gross solitude, shunned by the local for his outrageous appearance and reputation for bloodlust. kinski ' s portrayal of the count is both creepy and profoundly affect. when he dies, you almost feel as if this isle of man ' s tortured soul ingest been freed at last. then on that point ' s the unforgettable soundtrack, largely composed by german grouping popul vuh. it personify indeed spookily beautiful and evocative that it ' s quite impossible to imagine the celluloid without it. popul vuh be longtime herzog collaborators and spiel an ancient - sounding kind of spacemusic using piano, chant, and exotic instrument. when i first see this film some years agone ace follow then impressed i tracked down and buy a number of their albums. the one iodin still hear to the most is " tantrik sung ", from which most of the music in nosferatu make up taken. it ' s a will to the music ' s depth that it is as muscular without the pictures as information technology make up with them. the album is yet available on the extremely respected ambient and existence music label celestial concord. this is a well timed re - liberation by anchor bay. after francis ford francis ford coppola ' s unscary and deplorably overblown version of bram stoker ' s story in 1992, it be a delight to go back to herzog ' s film and see the awing thing he has done with what is now a century - old story. to some aficionado, nosferatu is quite simply the big lamia film ever made. without a doubt, information technology is an unmistakable classic of the literary genre. preceptor ' t miss it. 