" well this is non commission: difficult, mr. james henry leigh hunt, information technology ' s mission: unsufferable. difficult should be a walk in the park for you. " - - - agent swanbeck (sir mark anthony hopkins ), the serial publication ' new broker phelps, hire ethan william holman hunt (tom cruise) down a notch. a russian scientist (rade serbedzija) has created a new virus (and its antidote) call chimera that destroys its host within xx time of day of injection. a rogue imf agent, sean ambrose (dougray scott ), wants to use the disease and cure to blackmail a pharmaceutical party into selling him enough stock to make him owner of the caller (atomic number 2 have it off it will soon be worth it weight in gold thanks to the outbreak of the virus he be going to cause ). posing as ethan hunt, ambrose gains the confidence of the scientist long enough to get only the therapeutic, non realizing that the scientist had inject himself with the virus to forestall exactly what ambrose was trying to coif. the veridical ethan hunt is called in from his vacation to carry beautiful stealer nyah nordoff - entrance hall (thandie newton) to assist the imf team in retrieving the stolen goods. ethan and nyah fall quickly in love, but ethan before long find himself in a actual dilemma when he larn that his new love has only be hired because she was a former devotee of ambrose ' s. reluctantly, he determine up nyah to be rescue from prison by ambrose so she can infiltrate his chemical compound and send back intelligence to the team. ethan must race against metre to keep st. ambrose from obtaining and spreading the virus and prevent any damage from coming to nyah. although the first mission: impossible film was a temperate box office success, interview panned it because they feel the plot was too confusing and there wasn ' t much legal action (although being a fan of the series both old and new, i think the moving picture was pretty decent and especially gutsy to make phelps a bad guy ). that problem has been rectified in the subsequence by making the secret plan more approachable (courtesy of one of the writers of the previous first appearance, robert towne) and by turning the film into one gigantic action set art object under the steady hand of action film guru john woo. the final stage result is unitary of the near entertaining (yet simple) action films made in a tenacious while. unfortunately, the 1st forty minutes operating room so are comparatively slow, dwelling in the main on ethan and nyah ' s apace blossom romance and seeming more in piazza in a james bond film than with the less glamorous mission: impossible tv set series. ethan ' s conflict is a compelling one and only, only information technology seems very rushed (and comes virtually because of a near fatal automobile wreck that ethan himself make! ). john woo handles all of this with an artistic style that seems out of place, featuring a corking deal of slow fade and dramatically frame close - ups. the surreal nature of these sequences are trouble and ultimately a hurt to the film. gratefully though, at the point ambrose discovers nyah ' s deception, deputation: unsufferable ii becomes very entertaining and action - packed. robert towne ' s screenplay takes some of the convening set up in the first film and parodies them during a successiveness where ethan must break into a high - rise building and recall the remaining specimens of the computer virus. after that, the action prospect just begin to build in chroma, as be the case with many of woo ' s previous high - octane films. the terminal one half hour is an all out assault of action (a good hand of which follow ruined by the poke, unfortunately ). as far as summer entertainment goes, mission: unacceptable ii be serviceable fare. anyone looking for hard core natural action won ' t be disappointed (except for during the first one half of the picture, perhaps ). still if you weren ' t a buff of the first film, this ingress deserves some check out. [ pg - 13 ] 