let ' s face information technology: the $ 100 meg - plus smash that was " whistler " was not a good film by any substance, and as a bond movie was only marginally serious than, say, " a view to a kill " or either of the timothy dalton pictures, by virtue of courteous tempo. but information technology did revive the series, and grant the producer some new directions in which to take away the information technology (ie. the new " meter " follow a fair sex ). " tomorrow ne'er become flat " is the picture " goldeneye " should experience been; it ' entropy also the most entertaining chemical bond outing since " the spy who get laid me ". the modern picture opens with china considering war with uk after a standard military operation make up misapprehend as a uncongenial scourge from an english submarine. as an onset occurs, the front - page headline is already being develop, courtesy of carver media. carver (pryce) the man live a deluded big businessman, a kind of loanblend of ted turner, bill gate, and peter sellars ' german scientist from " dr. strangelove " (physically, pryce even call in sellars in his kubrick days ). information technology ' s upward to james bond to drive him down, with assistance, of course, from a wealth of gadgets (including a multi - purpose cell phone ), and beautiful woman. enter michelle yeoh, fresh from " supercop ", as a chinese secret factor with her own docket; with effortless grace, she cat burgles, despatch baddies apparently with the ease of preparing alimentary paste, and refuses the advances of our dally hero. they make a great team. " tomorrow never dies " make up a surprisingly entertaining and effective film, given that at the helm is none other than the theatre director of " nat turner & hooch ". spottiswoode has craft some breathtaking go down pieces, each practically more intricate and impressive than, for instance, the tank vista in " bucephela clangula ". moreover, brosnan get at last go down into the role some spirit he was bear to play; net metre out, the fate of the franchise rested on his shoulders, and there was noticeable discomfort in his body language. take back in brosnan ' s eyes has some of the playfulness helium demonstrate for so many years on tv ' s " remington steele ", as has his deadpan wit. and though carver ' s theme are boggy (when carver explains that " genius be insanity with some success ", screenwriter fierstein equal taking a lazy cutoff ), pryce makes an agreeable, memorable baddie. in the future, they should quest after actors as gifted and experienced as pryce to suspire life into these cardboard figures. there a few too many explosion in " tomorrow never perish ", perhaps so many they modify as dialog. and it could suffer used a sharp script, though i was amused by the treble entendres, none of which iodin will reveal here. as it stands, the plot suffers many hole (iodin ' m not taking astir implausibleness ), and the talks tends towards the hackneyed. now that the elements be in place: modern extra force and stunt employment, nerveless pierce brosnan, kickass female allies. .. it ' s time to arrange them to use in something truly particular. there ' s no misinterpretation, still, that " tomorrow never dies " is ideal holiday escapism, and for the maiden time in peradventure years, you ' ll take the air out wanting more than adhesion motion picture. - retrospect december 17, 1997 