gothic execution - mystery yarns constitute non a new conceit. in fact, they ' ve been roughly in book and on film for many, many years. without the right handling, they come away as old - forge, bland, and outdated. " the gift, " direct by sam raimi, is a tried - and - true effort that storm real little, and includes everything from a wide array of suspect and red herrings, to mansions in the inscrutable south with moss trees out front, to the eventual uncovering of a swampy cadaver found in a nearby pond. it ' s fairly obvious world health organization the grampus is; in fact, i predicted who information technology would comprise before the movie began and was correct in my preliminary suspicions. the film in the end shouldn ' t work, but it does, thanks to a sparkling cast that fills each character with so many memorable nuances, the most fun to constitute had is in just follow the people interact with each other. annie wilson (cate blanchett) is a of late widowed female parent of trio sons world health organization makes her live giving psychic meter reading to the residents of her backwater southerly hometown. some of her mainstay clients include valerie barksdale (hilary swank ), who is gravely abused by her married man donnie (keanu reeves ), and buddy cole (giovanni ribisi ), an unstable mechanic who is confused by the nightmares he ' s been having about a mysterious depressed diamond that make up somehow link up to his father. for annie, she does non yield the readings merely for money, just use it as a way of seeking solace in find the unspoiled in everyone ' s future. her late grandmother (rosemary zellig sabbatai harris) told her as a kid that information technology was a gift she be given, and she should always remember that. when annie ' s eldest son comprise involved in a fight at schooltime, she meets the nice - guy school principal, wayne collins (greg kinnear ), whom she finds herself pull in to. but anthony wayne is engaged to the flush jessica tycoon (katie holmes ), whom annie directly gets a negative vibration about. at a company with her best protagonist linda (kim devil ), annie stumbles upon jessica in a compromising position with attorney david duncan (gary kale ). soon after, jessica have disappeared, get out everyone in a craze over what could get possibly happened to her, and annie starts to experience nightmares and apparitions linking jessica with the vicious redneck donnie barksdale, and the pond behind his home. " the natural endowment " may be cliched on a sheer storytelling level, but the performances and tight commission from raimi (who have redeemed himself for his embarrassing last film, 1999 ' s " for dear of the game ") lift the picture improving several nick. lento envelop the viewer into the many intriguing characters and their individual plights, the disappearance of jessica at the xxx - minute mark divulges the movie ' s true intent and transforms the proceedings into a taut, at time frighten, repugnance - mystery story. at the center of the pic embody the exceptional cate blanchett (1999 ' s " the talented mr. ripley " ), who turns annie harriet wilson from what could have make up little more than a run - of - the - grind protagonist into a very exact, downwardly - to - earth, naturalistic person with valid troubles and a caring posture towards those around her. blanchett takes the unextraordinary material and runs with it, giving the entire film a in truth classy aureole that information technology otherwise power non have had. we fall out her at every turn because she is so mesmeric, both as a fictional character and an actress. blanchett isn ' t the lone brilliant performing artist, as she is ably supported by one of the best mould of the year. in her first function following her oscar win for 1999 ' s " boys don ' t cry, " hilary swank is splendid as the confused valerie, world health organization seeks guidance from annie, but is too scared to take her biggest advice of all: to leave the grossly scurrilous donnie. as donnie, keanu reeve (2000 ' s " the watcher ") makes an utterly convincing back country meanie, therefore a great deal so that information technology is difficult to believe helium equal an worker at all. for the often - criticized reeves, whose acting abilities let never been the dependable, this is the large compliment helium could possibly get, and information technology is also one of the better operation he has given. giovanni ribisi (2000 ' s " the kettle room ") is heartbreaking as a mentally slow young man who sees annie as his sole booster, and want her to do nothing but assist him understand why helium constitute being plagued by bad dreams about his dad. in the modest, just pivotal function of the sleazy jessica king, katie holmes (2000 ' s " wonder boys ") has turned in yet another stunning supporting turning. her promiscuous function of jessica is one she has never play before, and she constitute radiant in her few scenes. ultimately, kim charles john huffam dickens (2000 ' s " hollow man ") makes her usual strong impression as annie ' s spicy best friend, linda. the other noted look of " the giving " is its helen wills moody atmosphere that lays such a thickly premonition air over every scene information technology ' s almost suffocating. thanks to cleverly construed edit by arthur coburn and bob murawski, and the successful employment of different eerie sound effects and a very good music account by christopher young, the movie not only achieves a scary undercurrent, but unmatched that is filled with apprehension. helped along by a strong screenplay by billy bob william thornton and tom epperson, which makes the most of its setting and delicious cast, " the giving " be that rarest of thrillers that actually thrills, and offers up a fair plowshare of chills, too. it may non comprise groundbreakingly original, but it certainly is an entertaining ride for the duration of its running sentence. 