after the average mouse hunt, the silly small soldiers and the entertaining antz, dreamworks try again with the tike ' sulfur film grocery store with this stunning adaptation of the moses story. as the film warn us at the commencement, it ' s not the full account, and some familiarity have been taken, but generally this the bible tale we all know and love, feature burning bush, the plagues and the parting of the crimson sea. the only thing pretermit cost charlton heston. rather, we get val kilmer voicing grandma moses, an jew world health organization is place in a river by his mother and rescued by the queen of egypt (helen mirren. ) we show off forth several years to escort anna mary robertson moses and brother rameses (fiennes) all acquire up. moses soon finds knocked out from pal and sister miriam and hank aaron (sandra steer and jeff goldblum) that he isn ' metric ton really the son of the pharaoh seti (patrick stewart) and that it his destiny to free the hebrews from the egyptians tyrannical rule. he soon sets astir this, along with his married woman tzipporah (michelle pfeiffer. ) rameses and his two wizard friend (voiced by steve mary martin and martin short) try to stop over moses completing his task. while the secret plan is intimate and middling exciting for adults, for nipper reared on aladdin and herakles, this film could personify the most godawful thing they ' ve ever seen. gone is the agile fire humour and standard, easy to survey game. but, spectacularly, and to dreamworks reference, intimately every child in the consultation was captivated by the story and case happening on screen. jeffrey katzenberg, who produce this film, sure knows how to keep a child concerned. atomic number 2 ' southward included some songs in the picture show, plus some comedy, and a exciting chariot pursual, to keep the children interested. and somehow, himself and the music director still manage to acquire wholly the dramatic play and loudness of the news report across, without ever being boring. information technology ' s a noteworthy achievement. too remarkable is the living, which puts alcides, an well nigh ' slap dah ' effort, to shame. relying on paw drawn and computer animation, the background and character are amazingly detailed. the cinema seems a minuscule caught upward with information technology ' s amazing visuals by read a lot of wholesale visuals and ' moving ' guessing, but they _do_ face incredible. the concluding ' pest ' where deity kill every first born child, and the parting of the violent sea have to be seen to be believed. kudos to the vitaliser. the vocal talent is too very estimable. val kilmer does a hunky dory business as moses (although atomic number 2 doesn ' t sing) and ralph fiennes is brilliant as ramesses (and atomic number 2 _does_ sing. ) sandra steer and jeff goldblum are great, and steve martin and steve martin short be very dependable, but not in the film long enough. finally, michelle pfeiffer practise excellent work as moses wife. kudos likewise goes to the voice of divinity, who instead of booming and bombastic is quiet and subdued. sadly, atomic number 2 is uncredited, and i couldn ' mt rather body of work out who the voice personify. ( only e - mail if you do. ) the songs are unspoiled, ranging from the common sexual love sonnets to the traditional big production phone number. they don ' t disturb the movie, and while not peculiarly memorable, they are nice to listen to (they ' re well sung aswell. ) the musical musical score represent suitably epic, with some beautiful tunes. coupled with the superb visuals, the prince of arab republic of egypt be a optic and aural goody, backed up with a not bad story. toy with both for tiddler and grownup, this film is a must see. a david wilcock review? 1998 " you cognize, for minor " - norville barnes 