i bid i could say that there is something more to the young star wars installment than what you see in the commercial, but there isn ' t. george george lucas constitute an expert at crafting triumphant, special effects - boundary flicks and atomic number 2 have done it again. this is the first genius wars film one ' ve seen on the big screen, thus, of course of action, the impact be much greater than when i determine the three original episodes on television. what is compelling about the phantasma menace is non its disposable story, only it amazing visuals. basically, the moving picture ' s plot of ground is centered around trade difference between two planets. qui - gon (liam neeson) and his young prentice obeah - wan kenobi (ewan mcgregor) fructify out with the animated jarful - jar binks to doctor the mess that may lead in war. when their ship gaolbreak down and they be stranded, they find a untried boy, anakin skywalker (jake lloyd) and his slave mother. qui - gon powerfully believes that anakin be destined for jedi greatness and straight off takes him under his annexe. anakin participates in a heart - pounding podrace, one of the highlight of the motion picture, to commence the equipment needed to fix qui - gon ' s ship. however, most everyone is doubtful about trust the time to come to some unknown slave son. meantime, queen amadala (natalie portman) is frustrated and at wit ' s ending, being na? ve and unseasoned and having so much responsibility on her shoulders. there are scarcely any excited scenes in the film - even when we discover that anakin will be leaving his slave mother behind to begin jedi training, the phrenetic excitement of the whole film wearable downwards the poignancy to the size of a crumb. this make non prove that the phantom menace be poorly made for it is brilliantly do. in all the wizard wars films, human emotions that we, the hearing, can name with exist usually nil, but the film are for gross use, not for uplifting purposes. despite the fun of ascertain the picture, the phantom menace be not without fault. for starters, we have the ominous - conceived, moronic character jar - shock binks who should be considered a threat to star warfare astronomical society and to the audience. what a klutz! george iii lucas clumsily tried to create a fun fictitious character that would be every bit memorable as, say, yoda, r2 - d2, oregon c3 - po, but, ala, his efforts be in vain. secondly (this crataegus oxycantha live good beaver state bad, depending on your point of view ), the film ' s air is then different from the familiar comical - book feel of the previous trey whizz wars installments. this is due, possibly, to the everlasting complexity to this movie ' s game and the eminent level of worldliness of the visual effects used here. the moving picture seems to embody reaching for epic proportions. i ass ' t say much astir the playacting, though acting has never be what you saw star wars movies for anyway. notwithstanding, there is utterly no pizzaz to the performances - they are straightforward and, at time, stale. natalie portman has a great mien, but her turn as queen amadala makes the fairy a stoic, unfeeling? secret. there is nothing we can hold onto in her performance to pass water united states of america believe the craft predicament is anything of grandness. jake harold lloyd embody the only actor here who has an apothecaries' ounce of evident nerve. despite the inevitable mistake, there is thusly much to enjoy astir the movie. the heightened inflammation of the concluding sequences doesn ' t rather surpass the famous the empire strikes back climactic scenes, merely they cost amazing and march - of - your - seat fun in their ain rite. the film is a gem to reckon at. the optical effect are astonishing ic. 8% of the time - the awe - inspiring, back talk - opening night, eye - popping sight of the underwater city is cipher brusque of yield excogitation and exceptional effects genius. not since 1997 ' s the 5th element have in that location been a film as drenched in visual kickshaw as this one. the yield design be reminiscent of the fifth element, the previous star wars movies, stanley kubrick ' s 2001, maybe even of fritz lang ' s definitive silent city. nevertheless, all the set are so original. the original star wars movies tail end ' t even match the grandeur of this film ' s visuals and that be a sheer pleasure for the viewer - information technology give us leslie townes hope of even greater things for the coming episode. the costumes be remarkable and have jean - apostle of the gentiles gaultier written all over them. whether its queen amadala ' s gigantic wardrobe complete with golden - embroidery and feathering, or the jedis ' simple brown uniform, the costume designer induce fused talent with exorbitance. the costume are peerless of the true delights of watching the movie. as for john williams ' score, one don ' t think he ' s do i as complex or powerful since? one ass ' t still remember. it be every bit epic as his schindler ' s list score and as thrilling and zestful as jaws. information technology includes the bare bones of his medicine from the previous iii photographic film, but williams has added on, realise the music much more acute and moving. what with the overwhelming hoopla that circled this movie, one power come in in with eminent expectation and be disappointed. there is very little to hate in the film: information technology ' s a really completed and skillfully do motion picture. information technology be the best " merriment " picture and the best expectant - budget film out today, most definitely. 