this is the movie non the scent. a ho hum moving, stylish psychological thriller in imitation of hitchcock ' s vertigo. it be adapted from an original story by brian de palma and paul schrader, and is take by delaware palma and script by schrader. set in new siege of orleans, 1959, it usher the wealthy michael courtland (cliff robertson) sitting on top of the world, celebrating his tenth get hitched with anniversary with a party in his mansion, as his lovely wife elizabeth i (genevi? ve bujold) and untried daughter amy (blackman ), both look up to him beaming with joy. his real - landed estate development spouse shilling la salle (john lithgow) proposes a toast to him and to their prosperous patronage, while his high society protagonist ease up him their best wishes. upon retiring for the night, his daughter and wife are abduct in their bedroom and atomic number 2 is left with a ransom note to deliver $ d, 000 tomorrow or they volition make up killed. inspector brie (stanley reyes) comes upward with a program to put in phony money and a sender in the briefcase exchange, as that bequeath lead them to the kidnapper. but the kidnappers burst out of the star sign surrounded by the police, read the two victims with them and in the pursuing police chase, the kidnapper ' s railway car explodes and go over the bridge, where none of the body be found. sorrow the loss of his married woman and child, the guiltiness - ridden michael builds them a tomb on the expensive commonwealth they were to recrudesce. xvi year afterwards he run short with his partner bob on a vacation and he revisits firenze, italia, where he met his wife. when atomic number 2 go to the church where they met, atomic number 2 sees a untested miss who looks exactly like his wife. her figure cost sandra portinari (genevi? ve bujold) and she ' s working there reinstate art that be decay. he falls instantly in love with her and doesn ' mt heed bob ' s monition that she might be a gold digger and settle to take her backward to new orleans and marry her. sandra becomes his 2nd hazard to test his love, as he thinks he can finally cast the past behind him. the surprises to come weren ' t truly all that surprising, as the beauty in the storytelling is nigh exclusively in the understated performing by the soul stricken cliff robertson, the emotionally impactful performance by genevi? ve bujold, and the competent acting of john lithgow. it plays overly much like a rehash of the master ' s work, to let out any new ground, yet information technology is however beatify in its ain path. 