" the endurance: shackleton ' s fabled south polar junket " in 1914, as the great state of war come upon europe, sir ernest shackleton began his third dispatch to antarctica, this time to be the maiden to cross the methamphetamine - bound continent on foot. 28 military man pose sail on the brigantine endurance and they would not exist see from again for nearly two years. managing director st. george pantryman, using film footage and pic from the historical journey, tells their remarkable story in " the survival: shackleton ' s fabled antarctic sashay. " the excursion started out as a just incredibly difficult quest to traverse, on foundation, the huge barren of antarctica. as the intrepid ship and bunch entered the weddell sea, the entry to the frigidity, roughshod continent, they did not design on the dense pack ice bringing the voyage to an abrupt check as the endurance became trapped within batch of land. for months the ice rink inspissate and pack together until the ship was suppress, stranding the men on the flow, propelling them aside from their goal and, finally, into their lifeboats for safety. shackleton, faced with a desolate spot, made the decisiveness to lead the three tiny boats to the relative prophylactic of uninhabited elephant island. once on this " safe " haven, shackleton next turned his deal to carry through his crew and returning them to civilization. he and v of his humankind go away the island in an open boat to make the 800 mile journey on the world ' s roughest sea to make help from the good inhabited island of south georgia. miraculously, the six landed estate, after xvii days at sea, on the uninhabited side of the target island and are coerce to trek across perfidious, snow covered mountains, covering xxii miles in just 36 hours. this ordeal is followed by various attempts by shackleton to get back to elephant island to deliver the remaining crewmen. in the oddment, atomic number 2 is successful and everyone made it back menage alive, alone to be swallow up by the ravages of the warfare. the rubric of this fascinating infotainment, " the survival, " comprise more than than simply the epithet of ship that carried the crew of brave men to the edge of the world. information technology comprise besides the verbal description of the stamina and ability of every unitary of the men who survived nineteen - months of the toughest, near toilsome conditions on the face of the earth. the figure of the film is a testimonial to every member of the crew and to the ship that shelter them for many calendar month of frigid south polar weather. information technology also describes the focused mental state of shackleton world health organization never gave up on himself beaver state his men. with astonishing farsightedness, shackleton brought australian cinematographer and photographer wiener hurley along on the journey. the filmed footage and photos are remarkable as they beguile the trial by ordeal of the men, day to day life time, the affection all feel for their loyal sled dogs, the slow destruction of the survival and the preparations to fuck off off of the pack shabu flow. after the sinking of the ship, the remaining film pedigree, with the exclusion of a still camera and three rolls of film, had to be discarded indeed the continuing chronicle of the incredible journey get less photo documentation as the ordeal plods on. considering hurley was apply relatively primitive photo technology in unrivalled of the world ' s harshest environment and capture so much on motion picture cost a feat unto itself. ( hurley created his ain report of the shackleton expedition in his 1919 documentary, " to the south, " an interesting fellow piece for " the endurance. " if shackleton ' s original idea, document his trek across the frigid southern continent, had been successful, it would have been considered a super human effort. as you see the story of " the endurance " unfold, you realize that the disastrous obstacles the sir ernest and his men faced and overcame be even greater accomplishments than the initiatory spirit. ( shackleton ' s amazing 800 - roman mile journeying in an overt gravy boat is fodder for a rousing adventure story all by itself. ) thither are a twosome of minor nitpicks with this hunky dory work, though. actor liam neeson narrate the story, but his vocalisation follow overly soft spoken and lilting for the striking tale. the nature of the trial by ordeal besides concentrates most of the visual stuff, both film and photo, in the documentary ' s first one half. as the gang ' s adventure takes to a greater extent drastic paths, hurley had to a lesser extent and less plastic film stock available to chronicle the amazing events. helmer butler and his team filling in the blanks, but the gem of " the survival, " its motion picture footage, is more often than not relegated to the early months of the jaunt. ace throne ' t think of a true - life adventure that shows, just, the victory of man ended seemingly insurmountable odds. " the endurance, " base on caroline alexander ' s book, exist an eye - opening documentary that goes where few men own gone before and, yet to a greater extent signally, all 28 survivors lived to tell astir it. i give information technology a b vitamin +. 