ever enquire what happened to gabe kaplan? you think of, he represent the title character in that 70 ' due south situation comedy, " welcome rearwards kotter. " always strain to serve out the sweathogs, frequently trying to parry mr. woodman, e'er mistrustful of his wife ' s tuna casserole. " thusly, " you ask, " where is atomic number 2 forthwith? " mr. kaplan actually expend much of his clip these days playing professional high - stake fire hook. that ' s right field. i ' m not certain if information technology ' s his main source of income, only from what i ' ve heard, the guy wire on occasion come away with $ 20, 000 at a time. and there you be, mean atomic number 53 was going to tell you he was practice away - great white way theater. you silly goose. well, gabe kaplan international relations and security network ' t in the moving picture debauchee, nor is the film about the doer come gambler ' s life. but rounders is about poker, and gabe gambling poker, and i think that be kind of a neat joining. sorry about the segue, operating room lack thereof. matt damon plays mike mcdermott, a law student world health organization also consume a queer talent for the biz of poker. he ' s been toy for a while, and more than than being proficient, helium has caught the hemipterous insect. he goes to whole the underground games in modern house of york city, know the regulars, and knows how to win. in the commencement of the film, he ' s build up a decent thirty grand nest egg, which he hold to the speakeasy - type gaming living room where the gravid boy romp. microphone be there to make his bid into the upper echelon by staking it all against teddy committee for state security (john malkovich ), an oreo - munching cardshark with ties to the russian mafia. mike have the potential to take a prominent pot and go to vegas and buy into the world series of fire hook, merely rather he lose it all in a single hand. calendar month later, he ' s paying his direction through jurisprudence school by driving a delivery truck. when mike ' s best friend and poker buddy worm (edward norton) finish his jail terminus for hustling some students, he desire to pick up mighty were they left off, working as a squad to part others with their betting cash. although mike has stopped play scorecard as a promise to his lady friend and fellow law student, jo (gretchen mol ), worm connives mike into playing once more than, and mike, bitten over again by the hemipterous insect, slides down that slippery slope, take a chance his relationship, education, and reputation as playing poker again become the focus of his life. to make a film about play, a filmmaker leave usually have to wreak up the glamorous side to get the audience behind the characters. this is because few moviegoer will care a unscathed lot about some guy in a leisure time case beaver state terry cloth shirt sitting at a folding card table with a stogie in his mouth. rounder, nonetheless, seems to go more for the latter than the other. the posting clubs mike and worm frequent aren ' t rattling glamorous at all. there ' s a cellar, a sir oliver joseph lodge with elk head on the wall, a goulash marijuana cigarette - these be the kinds of locales in which director lavatory pigeon pea sets his shots. except for one legal brief representative when the two players impose atlantic city, the celluloid represent bereft of the shoot lights of the cassino or the pleasant colour of the light green felt table. the reason libertine still captivate our attention is because it is less about the game of poker game than it be astir the personalities which enjoy and are slave to information technology. we ' re given a nice set of occupy characters with clear motivation, and good worker to meet them. matt damon is very raw as mike, who struggles between his desire to play the straight and narrow by finishing jurisprudence schoolhouse, and answering what may be his true calling, play professional poker. ed norton ' entropy worm is truly a dirt ball, always look for the angle and play everyone for what they ' re worth. john turturro, world health organization beat me with his acting range, tones it down in this cinema by playing joey knish, a virtual poker prodigy in his time who now trifle the underground game to make rent and child support payment. he ' s both a friend and wise man to mike, and turturro ' s crushed - fundamental carrying into action is totally convincing, just as john malkovich ' s heavily - accented teddy committee for state security is imposing as an adversarial draco mike must remove to prove himself. martin landau be besides thrown into the mixture as i of mike ' s police professor, abe petrovsky. while landau slips well into the role, his character, spew kayoed personal anecdote about staying true to one ' s self, facilitates the channeling of the plot line toward a predictable terminate. perhaps the light link in the other than unnerving line - up of acting talent, however, represent gretchen mol world health organization just didn ' t seem to have much presence on filmdom. she ' s a genuine peach to count at, kind of a cross between actress renee zellweger and vocaliser jewel (and i wouldn ' t constitute surprise if the three of them formed some kind of blond - haired triumvirate and attempted to take all over the world ), simply her delivered lines seemed very flat, and i rule myself looking for matt damon ' s reactions instead. a good affair about rounders is that information technology doesn ' t get bogged down in the graphic symbol ontogeny and instruction do so much that it can ' t find time for humor. the film be peppered nicely with scene that both nominate you laugh and keep the tempo going, such as a sequence where mike and worm movement rapidly around new house of york from one game to the future, in widely different locales. one game in a cigar club had me in stitch. " i sleep together the sweetness of this dark maduro wrapper, " says one of the actor, clear more interested in displaying his pompousness over the cigar in one mitt than in the card in his other. iodine was hoping mike and louse would really take these cat. with altogether the poker being toy, rounders had the potential to be very puzzling. you power think you know a lot astir poker, but recollect again. as luck would have it, we ' re given a narration by damon during the more intricate moments to explain what ' s locomote on. the narrations are more informative than intrusive, and apprize us of what the stakes are and why certain actor want to do the thing they come. information technology ' s nice that as the characters develop, so practice our inclusion of their public. as a film astir success and survival of the fittest in the realm of secret poker, libertine delivers in spades. waiting! as a moving picture show about the acculturation of wit, rounders is an ace. bent on! pack with great dissemble and great characters, rounder is a full star sign. okay, i speculation that ' s plenty. oh, by the means, if you ever require to vex into a secret plan with ol ' gabe kaplan, be sure to bring a note from epstein ' s mother. 