the andromeda strain is the greatest science fiction movie of all time pull in. i eff that is rattling wholesale statement, so i ' ll qualify it by adding that the andromeda striving is 1 of the few films make that genuinely deserve the label of " science fable, " write up in which speculative skill is at the core of the patch. 2001: a blank space odyssey is probably a better film, simply it really only qualifies as science fable if you consider metaphysics to exist a science. most all other films we normally sort out as science fabrication, or sf, follow genuinely simply fantasy, action or revulsion stories set in a futuristic stage setting. the pieris japonica stress take up forbidden with two soldiers in a in high spirits - tech (for 1970) van look for a crashed satellite in a tiny new united mexican states townspeople. something bad happens to them. pictures from a reconnaissance mission plane evidence a shocking sight. apparently everyone in the town is utter. the authorisation predict a " wildfire qui vive, " summoning four scientists, all only one of them somewhat loath, to a super - secret underground source warfare lab in nevada. two of scientist, pit and charles francis hall, wing directly to the townspeople in space suits and find a town where almost every single resident literally dropped in their tracks, their blood turned to powder in their veins. some went insane before they died and two of them, a baby and an old wino, be miraculously still alive. they take the survivors and the planet back to the research lab, where stone pressure the whitened house to call in upward a " directive 712, " an executive gild to cauterize the area around the township with a nuclear bomb. what they find on the satellite when they get rearward to the science lab is andromeda, an being that hold up all the normal rules of earth - like aliveness and mutate as it grow. their alone hope to bring around information technology is to find out what a perfectly good for you baby boy has in common with an previous abandoned ship. what they find out be that organism feed forthwith on vigour and that explode the a - bomb over the town would only fan out it across the entire planet. they scarce call bump off the bombing in time. but then the organism mutates into something that threatens to eat through with the labs defenses and break out. this triggers the research laboratory ' siemens last - ditch defense mechanics, an nuclear bomb. to those call forth on the brainless action fare that pollute movie theaters these days, the andromeda tenor will in all probability seem interminably dull. very much of the movie is a lot of hoi polloi standing around looking at telecasting screens and computer read out. merely what the characters control on those blind ratchets upward the tension with every turn of the screw. the performances exist universally fine, with the actors keeping things low - florida key and restrained, just like scientist. to me, the literal appeal of this motion picture show be the fact that it shows scientist play like scientists and lay down information technology seem exciting. we follow the logic of their tax deduction step by methodical footprint, puzzling like they do every time andromeda behaves in a way we put on ' t have a bun in the oven. this moving picture be only uncommitted on across the board screen on dvd and that is the way to view it. information technology was in the beginning rated g when first released but it nowadays carries the pg rating, mostly for very modest nudity and unity scene in which a body ' s wrist is slashed, spilling it powdered bloodline. 