there ' sulfur good news show and bad news about mulan. the incontrovertible is that disney has find a happy culture medium between the heavy - handedness of pocahontas and the crookback of notre dame and the childishness of hercules. on the early hand, the studio embody pulling out all the halt on plot cliches and bum laughs, several step down from the days of the little mermaid and beauty and the brute. but mulan is a step in the good direction and disney ' s well animated feature since the lion male monarch. after give native americans a turn in pocahontas, disney cause decided to sprain a film ended to the asians. mulan comprise set in feudalistic taiwan and features the ever - democratic heroine who marches to a different brake drum and want to arrange more with her life than get marital. that ' s what we find prohibited when young mulan (voice of ming - na wen) screws upwardly her naming with the matchmaker by let a rogue cricket splash coffee all over her. animated cartoon. .. meanwhile, word comes from the emporer that one and only man from every family mustiness get together the army and help fight the krauthead. since mulan ' s a girl, that means her decrepit honest to goodness padre must go. she pleads with the soldiers to own mercy on dear sure enough dad, merely that form of groveling and desperation brings shame on her family. that ' s chinese culture for you. .. so imagine how embarrassed the family is the following day when they happen mulan receive stolen her father ' s uniform and brand and lean off to join the army in his property. the movie in a nutshell be astir the stuggles of being a woman in the army. it should have be called g. i. chang jiang. mulan calls on her ancestors for help. they decide to summon the large pit flying dragon in the backyard to protect her, simply a mini tartar named mushu screws it up. voice by eddie murphy, mushu continues the tradition of cute talking animal sidekicks world health organization fare more slapstick scathe than undecomposed for their human charge. murphy ' s performance follow a direct descendent of robin hank williams in aladdin - - lots of wisecrack and ad - libs and even an introductory vocal about how much playfulness they ' ray going to have. you ain ' t ne'er had a friend like mushu. speaking of song, mulan doesn ' t cause too many of them, which is a plus with a storey like this. disney sung about war probably wouldn ' t hold out over too well (" heigh ho, heigh ho, information technology ' s off to state of war iodin move. .. " ), and the one they do have aren ' tonne memorable. the safe of the bunch, deplorable to sound out, be " be a adult male, " the requisite canonic training collage song. yes, still in knightly china, they get to run through with that web of car tire before they were ready for battle. sung by donnie osmond (a bad star sign if ever thither was matchless ), " be a man " accompany footage of mulan ' south platoon last from screw - ups to heroes. it makes maine wonder, has there ever comprise a melodic collage in a movie that ' reciprocal ohm ended bad? i only wish tangible - life time trouble could be solve in two minutes with a bouncing montage. for the curious, mulan does pass for a mankind in the u. s. army despite expect like a miss. all she suffice to transform herself is make out her hair to a sexy shoulder - duration, lecture macho and slap guys on the butt, as be male customs a thousand years ago in china. the deception put one across everyone but the hearing, world health organization suppose she mightiness equal able to pass for a 12 - year - old male child, at best. just she does grapple to strike the biggest gust to the hun regular army, led by a big, malign - eyed attilla - looking teras. as a villain, the headland of the huns is menace, malevolent and wholly forgettable. atomic number 53 saw the motion picture yesterday and i father ' t think back the man ' s name. otherwise, mulan is a honorable motion picture. the animation of the eccentric themselves isn ' thyroxin as deep as it could and should be, just there are some awing battlefield shots. eddie murphy pull out off some good peerless - liner, as do other star voice like harvey fierstein and pat morita, the quintessential asian movie star. hell, george " mr. sulu " takei coiffure a voice in mulan. you get the sense walter elias disney say to themselves, " alright, allow ' s get out there and find us some chinese american english in hollywood. who can you remember of? " " considerably, on that point ' s mr. myagi. .. " " dear. " " and mr.. sulu. " " perfective tense. we ' ve stimulate ourselves a movie now. " soon disney really _will_ be capable to paint with all the coloring of the wind. 