" 6 day, seven nights " is a summer movie that gets the summer movie experience pleasurably right, a commendable achievement consider the season therefore far have been littered with some pretty odd fare. here ' s a genuinely fun fluff patch that lie with it ' s fluff, recognize information technology ' s fluff and is admittedly proud to be fluff. of course, the casting of harrison edsel bryant ford in the broadly comedic lead role plays a sizeable part in the movie ' s success; ford is such a concentrated dramatic actor that it ' s easy to forget what a curious guy atomic number 2 prat constitute. as his female counterpart, anne heche too deserves a liberal pat on the dorsum for her sweet, goofily charismatic performance. the age deviation (ford ' s fifty six, heche ' s twenty nine) topic non - - these two click in a aerated way that ' s heavy to come by. the story is a no - brainer - - ford stars as gruff simply loveable island aviator quinn harris, while heche be career - mind but lovable new york cartridge clip editor erithacus rubecola norma jean baker. robin, on a tropic vacation with fianc? frankfurter (david schwimmer ), gets assigned to manage an emergency photo shoot in nearby tahiti, so she reluctantly hires quinn to fly her in that location. the planer crashes during a direful violent storm, and they immediately find themselves stuck in a deserted paradise with few ideas on getting back to civilization. a serial of unpleasant, often screaming catastrophes pass on trivial choice but for both members of this unbelievable unpaired couple to fall for each other. meanwhile, backwards at the refuge, frank be tempted himself by quinn ' s shapely female tagalong (jacqueline obradors ). that subplot evidently survive to get us rooting for the quinn - robin pairing, and while information technology makes for a few unspoiled laughs early on, information technology eventually becomes a contrived distraction from the far more absorbing mischance of quinn and robin. and since the film spends most of its clip with the castaways, this flaw follow but a minor inconvenience. manager ivan reitman keeps the tempo brisk. at a slim hundred and one mo, " sixer days, seven nights " never wears taboo its welcome, where a less film could have feel like it be as long as its title. michael browning ' s clever screenplay allow for plenty of notable one - liners (my favorite, take in context of use, be " you mean _arrrgh_ pirates? " ), and though it basically boils down to one bad luck after another, they ' re all quite engaging. even the film ' s more " unplayful " present moment are played with a wink. heche has been under undeserved fire over whether operating room non her individual life with ellen degeneres would affect the " believability " of " six days, septenary night " ' heterosexual mating. ( so she ' s a lesbian. hence what. mess with it. ) of course information technology doesn ' t, and hither, her naysayers are test wrong in a big style. in fact, her chemistry with ford is what rattling makes the film chink; these contrary attract with the uttermost, endearing electricity. at unitary point, when the two are discussing the likeliness of romantic pastime, heche asks ford how old he is. after respective improper guesses (" forty - five? _fifty_? " ), helium whisper his years to her. " you all the same look good, " heche stutter. " iodine still _am_ good, " edsel bryant ford replies. she ' s good too, and unitedly, they make " sextuplet clarence shepard day jr., seven nox " unitary memorable ride. 