one of the biggest banality of any serial slayer film is as well unmatchable of the most credible. you know, the i where the detective feel at a bulwark of pictures and other law information, and suddenly discern the clue which reveals world health organization the killer be. sure, information technology ' s personify used terminated and over, but for some reason, it is incessantly fun to watch. this cliche pretty much describes the level kiss the girls play on: overused, just always sport. single of my personal rules astir watching a film embody not how original the film be, but how it goes around giving its account. this ruler applies extremely to kiss the girls. there is something psychologically shake up in a well - crafted serial orca movie, and buss the fille is certainly well make. still, the solid film shriek of unoriginality, and so it relies on the powerfulness of its actors and the technical detail to pull it through with. substantially, not only are the actors equal to of pulling information technology through, simply they add so much to the motion picture show that nearly every defect is covered up. unfortunately, unmatched of the most revealing and rather insulting choices by the movie maker (unmatchable that 7, a picture show a lot like this peerless, knew not to make) be to put the gens of the killer in the opening credits. that may give the actor credit for the function, but throughout the film, hidden in my mind, unity be waiting for him to appear on silver screen, which itch the enigma. however, recognition must follow given to the director for suspending this knowledge through most of the film. plotwise, kiss the girls read almost no originality. we are introduced to detective alex cross (morgan freewoman ), a forensic psychologist, and immediately we are give the cliched scene establish him as the poor boy. he set about a song about a womanhood who have shot her husband and is now threatening to bolt down herself. obviously cross succeeds at baffle the gun, just this aspect is quickly forgotten during the next prospect. at his house, cross constitute told that his neice, naomi (gina ravera ), has live missing for little joe days. this cater the motivation for cross to receive the killer whale, but we are ne'er give a chance to constitute the relationship between the 2, and as a result, we can ' t sympathize with detective cross. however, what makes kiss the young woman somewhat original is the founding of unrivaled of the abductees. .. before she equal abducted. dr. kate mctiernan (ashley judd, the actress of the judd family) personify a impudent, athletic cleaning lady, and because of these trait, becomes a target for casanova - - what the serial killer whale likes to foretell himself. because of these character - developing scene, we care for mctiernan, have the abduction scene all that more suspenseful. after embody snatch, mctiernan wakes up and find herself in a cell somewhere in the woods. remembering that the killer dedicate her sealed rules, she decides to break ane of them by calling tabu. when casanova comes to penalise her, she breaks out and escapes by jump over a waterfall. after she is observe, she start to help cross find his neice. from this moment on, osculate the girlfriend takes on the form of every other serial killer moving picture, as the ii leads search for the remainder of the victims bear wrapped. many multitude will compare this pic to 1995 ' s vii, another killer motion picture star morgan freeman, just i presume that the similarity are knowing. the screenplay, by david klass, is adapted from the novel written by james patterson, and til now ane don ' t quite a escort how this story could have ferment in refreshing form. what makes buss the girls thus good is the playacting and the expert and visual impressiveness. the cinematography, by hank aaron schneider, is reminiscient of seven, and sometimes i feel that many of the shots follow trying also arduous to impress us. sometimes a dim witted shot is the good one. still, many of the shots are stunning, and unlike seven, most of them take place during the daylight, in sun. the tantrum when ashley judd is running done the forest is exceedingly well done, in more than than one way. the camera oeuvre be terrific, but the redaction makes this shot work so well. the chaotic and mtv - type cutting gives the consultation a sentience of confusion and unknowingness, exactly what judd ' s quality is live. however, the serious aspect of candy kiss the girls is it actors. morgan freeman be one of today ' s most powerful and believable player. detective crisscross is a rattling good part for him, although it is just a similar one to the character in seven. because of freeman ' s powerful presence, helium carries half the cinema by himself. the early half is carry by ashley judd, one of today ' atomic number 16 most promising dramatic actress. in fact, her performance is better than freeman ' s, if that be still potential. her character is to a greater extent original than freeman ' sulphur, and she handles information technology wonderfully. we finally have a distaff lineament in a movie similar this who does more than just scream. the supporting plaster bandage is extremely developing, but the cast members do every bit much as they tooshie with information technology. cary elwes portrays a cop in north carolina, and regrettably has scrap for a character. tony sam goldwyn fairs somewhat better, but we don ' t genuinely convey to know his character either. gina ravera give a good performance, but again she isn ' thyroxine in many of the scenes. thusly as a termination of all these small support parts, the weightiness of the film lie on the two leads, and they do a phenomenal job. some of the best performing of this genre, and some of the proficient acting of the year. two other essential view of the film exist quite proficient. theater director gary fleder do a good line of work of controlling his actors, merely the second one half of the plastic film loses believability, specially during the divine revelation of the killer. atomic number 2 also doesn ' t handle the suspenseful scenes as a better director would have, lose a lot of tenseness during many scenes. still, to his credit, atomic number 2 does pull off a terrific first half. component of the blame settle on david klass. atomic number 53 ' 1000 sure the script germinate many of the lesser characters more, but klass focuses on the deuce main parts. while this english hawthorn generate the two lead more screentime, many of the small character live unrivaled - dimensional, and the killer, when revealed, be extremely farfetched. thanks to the saucy dialogue adapted from the novel, kiss the little girl always seems healthy. none of the conversation be comical, and all prompt the plot forward without seeming drive. unity of the biggest problem i suffer with the movie was the motive of the killer whale. i blame this mainly on the cast director, because the killer ' s motive represent because of rejection from women (or so i strike from the opening monologue ), but the killer himself cost really attractive (one of my friends is a, shall we aver, big admirer of the killer ). buss the daughter is rated gas constant for terror, wildness, language, and suggested sex. with altogether the implausibilities of this cinema, and with the average 2d one half, snog the girls somehow manages to thoroughly entertain. in fact, i hold the impulse to experience it again but for the performances. the cinematography add a draw of mood to the already creepy note, and the handwriting is commonly smart. this is intelligibly one of those moving picture which rely on the acting to overstretch information technology through with. morgan freeman follow possibly today ' s most convincing actor, and ashley judd adds another notch on her acting whack. i must also say that iodine love the ending. the showdown between good and wickedness was quite tense, and the result of the scene makes well nigh anyone cheer. perhaps information technology may not follow potential, but most of the film isn ' t anyway. 