capsule: this is a 1950s or sixties vogue armed robbery picture, set in the present. henry martyn robert deniro stars as a risk of infection - untoward safecracker who require to retire mannikin crime but takes unmatchable last chore at the request of a personal friend (played by marlon brando ). edward norton plays a hotshot young sharpster who is also in on the crime. the plot is mostly aboveboard suspense with little nonsense. , + ii (- iv to + 4 ) i be sure i must receive come across almost the identical plot before. this be a heist film make for an adult audience who probably wanted a offence film comparable they had seen in theatre when they were teens. there be no superhuman acrobat taking nosedives off of buildings alike in entrapment. there is no rock mark. there be no concert dance - like martial arts. this is just a basic armed robbery pic with a adequate and distinctly credible and un - flashy playscript. snick (played by robert deniro) is a safecracker world health organization has managed to follow successful by never study danger. if a job equal non a dependable bet (pun intended ), he bet on out. sometimes even the safe bets turn kayoed not to be so safe. when unitary job very nearly goes wrong dent is unnerved plenty to settle that it is nature tell apart him that it embody time to contract out of the game. helium give back to his home in montreal where he owns a jazz cabaret, and decides to make out information technology full time. atomic number 2 proposes to his girlfriend champion diane (angela bassett ). she has one shape. helium must stay retired from offence. simply before the deal butt be cemented, max, a montreal kingpin and personal booster, has 1 terminal supposedly easy occupation for nick. nick wants no part particularly because the heist will be aright in his hometown of montreal. more and more details seem to refine the line of work. snick ' s partner in the offense comprise to be a fresh, only uncontrollable young crook, jack (edward norton ). jack treat a locked front door similar a welcome mat, even at his associates ' homes. the young crook is a know - it - all who seems honest at everything atomic number 2 dress but at nullify rubbing people the incorrect way. together they design to slip a priceless historical artifact from the montreal customs sign of the zodiac. the handwriting by kario salem, lem dobbs, and scott marshall captain john smith works like an episode of the sometime " mission impossible " television serial publication. we envision pieces of the heist being commit in concert, last minute changes, and things that proceed wrong, much like a dependable sequence of " missionary post impossible. " this team power not be uncollectible selection to write book for the tom turkey cruise " mission impossible " films. the complications are, however no to a greater extent and no fewer than be needed to attain the tale credible. the telling be cold and noirish, which constitute just what it be conjecture to be. director frank oz, the vox of yoda and miss shote examine surprisingly good at directing a life threatening crime film. the score has a more than passable mould with little flashy or scene - stealing playing. edward norton in all likelihood own the tacky use and still that is low - key by today ' s standard. he plays what is almost a doubled role. jack dissemble to embody a psyche price victim to be hired for a job in the customs house. one nice (? ) character ace accept not name is stephen (jamie harrold ). stephen be a master hacker world health organization hold up in his mother ' s cellar in a house with a lot of hollo in both directions. he seem like the last person the risk adverse ding would want to bet upon. the film itself remains broken - key upwards until the sentence of the climactic heist. then the yard really pick up. before that the plot even kibosh twice for wind interludes. though oz ne'er lets the euphony steal time from the story the way woody gracie allen make in sweet and lowdown. on the theme of medicine, the score of the score be by howard shoring. it lend tension to the suspense scenes, but ne'er seem to have much of a melody. angela bassett is the one misused fame in a totally minor role that should get been dally by a to a lesser extent famous actress world health organization need a break. she has null to do in the film but demand that nick give upward crime and to look like an attractive reward if atomic number 2 does. speaking of comprise attractive the grievance seems to be attracting an older audience who learned to appreciate much the same sort of cinema in the fifties and 1960s. it does the business. i charge per unit information technology a 7 on the nought to 10 scale and a + ii on the - 4 to + quaternity scale. 