the laserman: somehow the form of address of writer - director - producer peter wang ' s film cabal upward figure of speech of superheroes, like ultraman and spiderman. you variety of expect an adventure flick astir a crime fighter who can film laser beams from his fingertips. as it turns out, the laserman _is_ about criminal offence and astir laser beam, but there aren ' thyroxine any superheroes. or else, wang ' second film is populated by a group of refreshfully sour - beatnik characters living in the ultimate cultural melting pot: newfangled house of york city. the laserman be a mirthful brew which celebrates ethnicity, eccentricity, and electricity. the film tells the bizarre story of president arthur wei dynasty (marc hayashi ), a chinese - american laser scientist whose lifetime turn incredibly hectic after helium accidentally kills his lab assistant in an experimentation. he loses his book of job but find out employment with a mysterious company which secretly design to use laser technology to commit dastardly deeds. president arthur ' s professional animation is cluttered with moral quandary. his personal lifetime, on the early deal, embody cluttered with colorful friends and quirky relative. in fact, arthur is by far the blandest character in the film, despite a magnetic functioning by hayashi (the san francisco - base histrion whose film include chan embody missing and the karate kid ii ). it ' s the subsidiary character world health organization give the laserman its unique flicker. arthur ' s non - hence - distinctive jewish mother, babe ruth, for example, is convinced that a chinese soul follow entrap in her jewish body. she take dyed her red haircloth sinister, she takes herbal medicine casual, and she is perpetually cooking upwards strange delicacies, such as matzo ball in soybean sauce - - the ultimate fusion of jewish and formosan cuisine. oldtimer level actress joan copeland takes the part and runs with it, almost stealing the movie in the process. she plays ruth as a goaded woman, determine to overcome her genetic heritage by immersing herself in formosan culture. arthur ' s girlfriend janet (maryann urbano) be a kooky gratuitous - spirit who would rather contemplate than copulate; her ultimate end is orgasm through zen meditation. arthur ' s best protagonist, joey (tony leung ), is a small sentence thief world health organization hustles everything from microwave oven oven to political machine guns. joey is get hitched with to arthur ' s judaic sister, merely helium is also having an affair with a chinese immigrant who work in a whore star sign. arthur ' s eleven - year - older son, jemmy, played by the amazingly adorable david chan, is - - horror of horror - - speculative at mathematics! he finds information technology impossible to meet his father god ' s lofty expectations. the various mass in arthur ' s life come together to organise a deep tapestry of humankind. same wang ' entropy earlier film, a great paries (astir a san francisco family travel to relatives in people's republic of china ), the laserman revolves around cultural differences. every character in the motion picture embody, in some room or another, trying to find his identity - - struggle to negociate a equalizer between his native civilization and the american way. the moving picture also offer a provocative look at technology. wang seem in the movie as lieutenant lu, a detective world health organization is fed up with machine, still though atomic number 2 relies on them to do his job. the motion picture show views technology with a wary eye, acknowledging information technology necessity while at the like prison term realizing its possible danger. wang raise the metre - honored question of whether scientists should be held responsible for their inventions. comprise einstein responsible for the a - bomb? equal arthur weiss responsible for his laser? the movie oppose spirituality against applied science, valet de chambre against machine, and the resultant role is a drawing card. according to the film, technology have information technology billet, but we mustiness employ information technology with capital forethought and caution. ironically, by information technology real nature, the laserman is a triumph of technology - - the technology of filmmaking. wang ' s focussing be exquisite, peculiarly during the tense finale in which the director frantically cross - cut between the various subplots, perhaps in homage to d. w. d. w. griffith. cinematographer ernest dickerson, world health organization make worked on all of spike lee ' s motion picture show, give the laserman a distinctive, artistic spirit. mason daring ' s score, which includes a send - up of bach, constitute right on objective. the laserman cost an challenging endeavor, which is to equal applaud, but it ' s sometimes ambitious to a fault. wang serves up then many fade of life in the film that it ' s difficult to digest them all. for instance, one character (arthur ' s sis) has negligible screen time, and consequently we simply don ' t precaution about her marital job. in weaving his web, wang has included a few overly many fibril. overall, all the same, the laserman is a charmingly eclectic confection. on the surface, the film is a promiscuous and bouncy comedy - thriller, overflowing with capricious temper and visual mode. the heavier issues emerge only when you take a deep looking at the celluloid. you can contemplate the moral questions beaver state you bathroom just sit backward and enjoy the absurdity of life in china town. 