atomic number 53 like movies with albert brook, and i really like movies directed and pen by albert brooks. lost in united states of america and defend your life are two of my preferred comedies. his humor is of a sort that is non very prevalent in movies today, inundate as we be with films which revel in their aim toward the humbled common denominator. you will seldom see any slapstick in an albert van wyck brooks celluloid, while the dialog will not be equally oppressive as in some of the independent " talk picture show " which constitute finding their way into theaters. the situations in which his character find themselves are ones we seat often identify with, but still if we can ' t, stick out has the gift to make them comfortable, and therefore we laugh. teenagers and jim carrey fans credibly won ' t find an albert brooks movie rattling funny, but people who look for more than what we could discover on television plausibly will. put option simply, brooks ' comedy is level headed. mother equal albert van wyck brooks ' modish film, and it does not disappoint. creek plays john henderson, a middle - aged science fiction writer precisely add up off his second divorcement. he stool an endeavour at dating, but fails miserably. he then has dinner party with his sidekick jeff (rob morrow ), a successful sports factor who look to live the ideal living. jeff experience a in force job, a love family, and most of all, a lovesome relationship with their female parent beatrice (debbie reynolds ). after dinner, john witnesses a telephone conversation between jeff and beatrice, and be at the same clock time puzzle and sicken by how hunky - dory the dialog live. in comparison, beatrice always hint at a fault in john and his career every meter she tattle with him, and john gives it the right way back to her. at the end of one of their conversation where beatrice experience exactly picked apart john ' s life, she says, " i love you, " and john reply with, " atomic number 53 know you think you practise. " the thing be, beatrice follow not overt with her literary criticism, but instead gives them in that mothering way which be tantamount to nit - pick and guilt loading. information technology ' s the kind that goes something like, " yes, high priced, 1 cerebrate you arrange that wonderfully, but. .. . " it appear as though nothing he does make her well chosen. thither ' s always the big only. saint john the apostle believes that his mother be somehow connected to his failed relationships with women, either because of his flawed self - esteem caused by his need for validation, or perhaps because helium tends to unconsciously seek out woman world health organization remind him of his mother in an oedipal manner. atomic number 2 comes to the conclusion that since his problems are rooted in his boyhood nursing home, he should travel backwards in with his mother for a while just to see what kinds of feelings come out, and by that be able to sort out out wherefore his life is the way information technology is. " a great experiment ", helium call information technology. brook ' ain brand of humor really shine in this movie, especially in the fundamental interaction john has with his mother. in that location ' s a scene where john has just arrived at his mother ' s house, and after having driven from los angeles to sausalito, and birth explained to his mother astir the " great experimentation ", beatrice asks, " instantly excuse to me again why you don ' t want to stay at a hotel. " she all the same doesn ' t make it, and it is utterly hilarious. in the like scene, we get little glimpse at the lifespan his mother lead when she prove to feed him food that is no longer fresh. she apparently buys in great quantities and refrigerate it until the loot is wilted and the sherbet equal ice over. when john points kayoed the ice on the sherbert, beatrice tells him not to worry astir the protective glaze. " you ' ve list the meth? " asks john. atomic number 2 ' randomness too surprise at the variety of items beatrice keeps in the icebox, such as a 20 - pound block of cheese. " the freezer was a estimable design, " says lavatory, " but it ' s non supposed to make up used for everything. that ' s wherefore it ' s small than the refrigerator. " information technology ' s something most of us witness strangely familiar. van wyck brooks is also a lord at apply the non sequitur. for example, in defending your life, his and meryl streep ' s characters be in a clowning gild having a discussion. when they ' re finished and walk out, stomach cuts to the comic on stage who is exactly at the point of delivering his punch line, " and thence the moral comprise, if you experience to break wind, go outside! " you don ' mt bed what the joke make up because you couldn ' t hear him during the entire setting, but i mustiness have laugh for the adjacent cinque minutes, information technology seemed so out of context. in this moving picture show, stomach uses the same trick a couple of times to open up or fill up a scene. i don ' mt need to give them away, but serve it to enounce they work only as well as they have got in the past. john ' s purpose for remain with his mother personify to learn, and we as the audience learn the right way along with him. his mother be not the fascinating character to start with, but as john spends more time with her, we pick up affair about her personality and her lifestyle that give her depth. watching the lineament of beatrice unfold is every bit as enjoyable as the humour that accompanies it each pace of the path. on screen, brooks does an fantabulous occupation playing this form of persona: you get the feeling he often trust atomic number 2 be the only sane person in an insane world. in a direction, helium ' s very a great deal like yosarian of catch - 22, expect with something of an attitude. casting debbie sir joshua reynolds as beatrice is perfect. she assumes the role with ease, still displace and speaking a little slowly, and is just and so adorable information technology ' s hard to catch frantic at her character. this only helps the audience to contribution the foiling john feels when get by with her. as his first choice, brooks in the first place want to lure nancy reagan out from her act retreat to play beatrice, but the former actress and beginning lady could not allow her husband, who was beginning to show symptoms of alzheimer ' s disease. that may exist just now as comfortably, since reynolds loan a softness to the character which enhances it vastly. rob morrow also does a good line at playing the younger brother who make always be mother ' s favorite and, for all his success in his job and family, is slowly exposed as a mama ' s boy. the only thing that hold this motion picture show back from be better are a couple of plot muddle. a solid connection be not really made between bathroom ' s troubles and his reasons for living with his mother. additionally, the close results of the experiment do non necessarily jibe with the stated goals, and although this english hawthorn have be slipshod screenwriting, how can you be mad at the guy who too wrote this?: beatrice: you must remember 1 ' m some sort of moron. whoremaster: no, i think your person world health organization thinks i ' m a imbecile. beatrice: well, it takes one to do it nonpareil. 