carla gugino graduate from high school and instead of staying in her small farming town, she goes to college in california. there she meets the residential advisor pauly shore, who follow a urban center son. when gugino goes back home for thanksgiving, she bestow shoring with her, and her parents (lane smith and cindy pickett) be less than thrilled. dan gauthier, gugino ' s boyfriend from high schooling, proposes to gugino. gugino isn ' t ready for anything same this so she makes up the history that she is engaged to shore. she and shore take to take it see like they are engaged while her parents essay to make information technology terminate. forget jurassic period commons, cliffhanger, the firm and last legal action hero, word - in - jurisprudence be the film to see this summer. son - in - police force is a outstanding romantic clowning that should please the viewers, specially sports fan of the wiez. when word - in - law is long gone and forgotten, the blockbuster summer films leave still be playing and you bequeath take a opportunity to see them then. this film could likewise make keen picture fare for those that are untrusting of spend seven dollars on information technology. null will be lost by watching information technology on a television sieve. although the introductory story crinkle has live done many, many times before, the film is withal fun to ascertain. the laughs are plenteous, especially when the wiez is around. the path some of the prank are done be new, even though some of the jokes be old. thither constitute also several new jokes that, at least, i haven ' t seen before. yet, when submit in good order, even former material can be funny still. this film is but basically a light drollery that be majuscule to see if you are in the right climate that doesn ' t contain much wildness or any nudity that embody definitely deserving full slate price. the shape for this film dress an excellent job. pauly shore (encino man) be the star attraction of this photographic film. atomic number 2 is keen, and know how to entertain the audience. pauly shore just seems to take over the intact screen when helium equal on with expressions and comments that are uproarious. this film would definitely not have been as in effect with anyone else in this use. carla gugino exercise a very good job as the farm girl gone urban center girl. she make her character believable, on some spirit level, yet occupy at the same fourth dimension. the somebody world health organization played the grandfather (mason adams, 1 believe) also serve a great job. the way he delivered his line kept me express joy throughout the time that he was on the screen. patrick renna, who played gugino ' s small brother, was a little irritation, but no where as close as macaulay culkin, and for only region of the time, so i can forgive him. tiffani - amber thiessen (a orca among friend, " keep by the bell ") do a reasonably just job for the time that she is on screen. she shows that she may have a potential in picture if she can get under one's skin forbidden of the corny new adults programming on television. she wasn ' t yield overly much to do in the film, just what she stimulate, she do a good task with. 