it ' s tough to really say something nice astir a type of mortal who ' s so ethnocentric that any humanity they once had is now expire, but by god, " american history x " fare it, and for that, i recommend it. it not only takes balls but intelligence service to make a human being out of a neo - nazi skinhead, a kind of someone world health organization dedicates their lives to hating anyone who ' s non what they are, and this film wisely and miracurously drag it turned. the topic of this film is one of them, but he is spoilt than peerless of the blind follower that make up most skinhead members since helium is the leader of the pack. he ' s the one who instigates them to take a business firm grip onto their rage, and so in another glorious stroke, justifies information technology with political propoganda that make eerie sense when helium speaks. he ' s hence utterly convincing as a public speaker and so firm in his sentence that information technology total as a shock when atomic number 2 actually goes done the rehabilitation process. his name is derek vinyard, and he ' s played by edward norton with hence much fire and intensity that when he speaks he ' s almost as convincing and arrest a public speaker as, say, malcom x. when we first see him, he ' s clean shaven, with a jet black swastica emrboidered on his left breast, a devlish goatee, and he ' s attacking the black carjackers outside of his house dressed in nothing but his white boxers and stock a handgun in his hand that never seems to run out of bullets, at least when he doesn ' t need them. he and so believes in his sentence that he ' s willing to put his feeling to the test, even if he knows it volition mean a stop in prison, if alone for a couple years. " american history x " is about derek, how he became a neo - nazi skinhead, how he rose to power, how he was rehabilitated in prison after murdering two black piece in a tantrum of rage that was less to do with the theft of his car and more to do with prove himself, and how atomic number 2 tried to save others, namely his younger brother, from making the like mistake. we see him at all of these stage - as a smart teen, a venomous hate monger, a man get an epiphany, and the man world health organization tries to correct what helium ' s done before - and in all of these, we get a portrait of a man from all sides. or at least, that ' s the aim. the film ' mho framing device is his brother, danny (edward furlong, perpetually looking about baker's dozen ), as well straightaway a skinhead, and how his principal, bobsled sweeney (avery brooks, who i just found out was operating theatre is the captain on star trek ' s deep space 9 ), be trying to " correct " him. when the film opens, danny has only written a book report on " mein kampf, " landing him in trouble with sweeney, which causes him to make him write a paper on derek ' s life and how it has gotten him nowhere. coincidently, this 24 hour interval is the day derek is released from prison, and when we see him, he ' s cleaned - up, not as yellowish brown, and has a wide cut school principal of hair. he ' s just as intelligent, but even rattling rough along the edges, but helium ' due south wisened up. he ' s no longer hold in by his anger at blacks and jews, and tries to sway danny, who ' mho becoming what derek was ahead, to give way up his lifestyle. but danny won ' t. he goes to a big skinhead beer bash, sports meeting with the skinhead drawing card (stacy keach ), and then discovers that derek is as opposed to neo - nazi - dom as helium was for it a couple of year ago. the photographic film circles around this, and so birl off into non - linear flashback, all coiffure in black and white. we mostly see derek at his prime as a skinhead, living in venice beach, organizing vicious and quasi - sadistic raids on local stores that no recollective hire the white, middle - class teenagers since they can easily get cheap illegal immigrant to do the same work, and mouthing slay his theories on affirmative action and how illegal immigrants and blacks have destroyed the fundamentals this country was build on. to them, the white man is the one who has gotten the fuzzy end of the lolipop, and he not only speaks elloquently, forcefully, and intelligently, but he backs everything up with political rationality, justifying their fury at least to them. and frighteningly enough, much of what atomic number 2 say sounds true. " american history ex " constitute a assemblage of really great scenes and moments, rather than a cohesive, great film that flows effortlessly from single minute to the next. in it, there be some of the best scene i ' ve find all yr. one view features a dinner between derek ' s family, and his mother ' s newest boyfriend (played with reserve by eliott gould ), a jewish liberal who quietly differ with derek ' s right winger views, launching the scene into a fit of rage and anger that builds unparalled emotions in the audience (gould ' s reaction to derek ' s final summation is unnerrving ). another aspect practice witticism and traditional macho sexual practice lecture to build a friendship and a nice connection between derek and a smuggled cobalt - actor (guy torry) while folding laundry in prison. and another soon - to - be - greco roman is in reality divided in two: the murder of the two black men that winds derek in jail, which contains a final murder so nasty that it crataegus laevigata be the nearly disgustingly scandalise all year. on that point ' s much more to appreciate, like the acting, which is uniformly good, with stand - outs coming from avery brook, beverly d ' angelo (as the prospicient - suffering female parent ), and gould (who has unitary horrible stemma, but other than that, comes cancelled with the best public presentation he ' s given in what seems like a really long sentence ). norton base on balls turned with the film, though, coming off with such intensity that he reduces anyone non execute an decent job to rubble. in only the fifth movie of his vocation, norton has invented himself as i of the most reliable and acute histrion of his generation, and perchance the best. there ' s zero like it when norton genuinely gets rolling in this film, spue out lines with such authority that helium commands all attention from the audience, coming off with power similar to that of a young maron brando. that he allows the little emotion to seep through with is amazing. deplorably enough, this isn ' liothyronine conk to constitute the great portrait of racialism that it perhaps hopes to be. information technology ' s too unambitious and yet a small artificial to really take off as either a powerful statement or an worked up masterpiece. the ending, especially, is pencilled in from former movies, pitch in scarce so the emotional keyboard hind end be vanquish upon. some of the skinheads are reduced to mere cliches (kevin smith regular ethan suplee fair instead annoyingly as the " fat skinhead, " whose lines consist without fail of expressing his desire to eat more ), and even the dramatic arc international relations and security network ' t as considerably journey. furlong ' s danny never seems to in truth be find out a lesson, since the flashbacks refuse to show his percentage point of view, and when he decides to make a change by the closing (which was inevitable ), it doesn ' t seem similar information technology has actually arrived there. even derek ' s bloodline into skinhead - dom doesn ' tonne appear rationalize. though his fireman father (william rus, the pa from " male child meets world, " and don ' t ask me how i know that) is killed by a black junkie, and even before he spoke against approbatory legal action intelligently, there never seems to represent any genuine back story why derek become so intense about his beliefs. as such, single tooshie construe why the director, tony kaye, wanted to get his epithet removed. sorta. " american account ecstasy " is a very good movie, and i was very go by information technology, but it could cost a lot better, and the problem seem to be that the cut as it is is not upwards to what he claims to make up his potential. somewhere, atomic number 2 exact, there lie a tony kaye cut, and that personify to be the truthful cut until it was viewed by norton, who then ordered another cut, and that is thus. although he aimed for the directing credit to go to " alan smithee, " the resident name for any film that be to be disowned by its manager, it wasn ' t reserve to him, under the grounds that once you disown a film, you can not badmouth it (but really, that ' s the macguffin - no one in truth wanted a film this beneficial to be given the alan smithee sign of disapproval ). kaye ' s right in that information technology ' s not upward to par, even if he ' s non referring to normal equation but rather his own personal equality. this volition non be a " do the right thing " for the late xc. yet it withal gets its compass point across intelligently, and backs it upward with it narration (its message, that ane cannot be therefore wrap in one ' s own beliefs operating theatre pain and suffering will occur, is literally said over the recital, unfortunately ). and even if information technology isn ' t perfect, at least when avery brooks turns to norton after atomic number 2 has been beaten and rap in prison, and inquire him if anything he ' s done has made his life any good, it realy hits a heart, not alone in derek, but also in the audience. 