it seemed wholly appropriate that at a weekend cover of " the knight whisperer, " the start of the pic was delayed some twenty minute due to " project difficulties. " henry m. robert charles robert redford ' s film version of nicholas evans ' best - marketing novel be supposed to have represent in theaters final december, going head - to - head with " titanic, " only is only now making its much call debut. this (strategical? ) hold feature allowed " the horse whisperer " to compete, sans fanfare, against some smaller, unassuming movies during a comparatively slower time at the box billet. no topic. charles robert redford ' s film stands caput and shoulders above jesse james cameron ' s ocean - go tragedy, especially in the writing and work departments. whatever the rationality for its postponement, " the horse whisperer " supports the honest to goodness adage " well late than ne'er. " redford take deal evans ' book and given information technology the big screen discussion. while parts of " the horse whisperer " comprise epic in range and vision, especially the aerial " travelogue " that map out out this great country of ours, its real strength lies in the subtleties it uses to paint the fragile confederation between man and beast. when her daughter, grace, be involved in a terrible riding stroke, toilsome - driven fashion editor annie maclean (kristin scott thomas) devotes herself to rehabilitate both grace and gracility ' due south beloved horse, pilgrim father. refusing to have the hideously disfigured animal couch down, annie researches every possible source of information about equine curative before discovering an article about a faith - bring around cowboy of sorts called tom booking agent (redford ), who has a way with horses and, perchance, with the great unwashed too. undeterred by tom ' s initial hesitation to get tortuous, annie drives grace and a sedated pilgrim across commonwealth to meet him, and finally persuades tom to work with the uncontrollable animal. redford ' s film unfolds lento and lovingly, echo the forbearance required in healing both forcible and psychological wound. the cinema ' s a little recollective and, even if you haven ' t read the volume, information technology ' s reasonably obvious where it ' s heading - - just these equal minor complaints. redford and thomas are potent and convincing as the twosome drawn by a mutual affection for the great open air and each other, simply information technology ' s scarlett johansson as grace who shines in a more difficult purpose. dianne wiest, chris cooper (" lone asterisk " ), and surface to air missile neill - - better than i ' ve seen him before - - round of golf verboten the respectable stomach cast. and the manager ' s respect for horses is clearly in evidence. peerless word of warning, yet: while brightly shot, the accident scene, involving an forbidden - of - ascendancy truck, exist extremely worrying. robert redford ' s canvas is huge and keen. he doesn ' t hesitate to incorporate vast, sprawl vistas of the american northwestward: spectacular, snow - capped peck ranges, azure skies, and shimmer field of wheat - - all are resplendent in cameraman robert richardson ' s viewfinder. veteran english composer whoremaster barry was originally signed to score the film simply go forth the project which is a pity, since " the horse whisperer " is " dances with wolves " by mode of " out of africa " (oscar winners both for barry ). fortunately, barry ' s replacement, thomas newman, contributes a fine score that nicely balances the majesty of montana with the delicate, human conditions - - heavy, string along - laden passages that swell with pride dally counterpoint to to a greater extent poetic, introverted movements ripe with refinement. " the cavalry whisperer " is that rare kind of moving picture show: it look good, information technology feels proficient, and by golly it does you good. the postponement, information technology turn out, was well worth it. 