" psychotic person meets the exorciser with no holds barred ". a blurb alike that sounds like desperate publicity for some low budget, third pace pull - off. but no, this gimcrack wad comes from the post horse for suspiria, perhaps italian horror director dario argento ' sulfur most systematically successful film. what shanghai most in re - check this surrealistic, supernatural thriller is that argento ' s directorial genius and stylish visuals are matched by a near - fully ordered narration. screenplay have always represent his achilles reheel; confusing subplots, breach holes, totally unlogical incidents and chemical reaction. no question: argento make ever be a better director than a writer. fortunately, he dumbfound the plotting pretty substantially correct with suspiria, taking his cue from a book by thomas de quincey called " suspiria de profundis ". the flick ' s storyline suffers from no major reverting in logic, provided unitary can accept the assumption of a ballet school being a figurehead for a coven of witches. jessica harpist plays an american who travels to germany to further her studies in dance. arriving at the school day tardily at nox in labor rain, she insure a girl leave and run into the tempest in a clearly distressed state. what hap next - and i don ' thyroxin make the comparison gently - is a murder successiveness that for intensity, shock value and slue directorial flair ranks alongside alfred hitchcock ' s notorious shower scene in psychotic person. information technology ' s quite possibly a homage to hitchcock, but with its baroque era sets, graphic gore and brilliantly helter skelter musical co occurrence by the gothic rock group hobgoblin, this stunning chronological sequence remain very much argento ' s own. though zip else quite an equals the intensity of suspiria ' s spread out 15 minutes, the film continues to be ne'er anything less than engrossing as harpist begins her own investigations and slowly comes to realise this is no average ballet school. we meet an miscellanea of slightly sinister characters, most notably the head teacher ballet teacher played by alida valli in another ace of those luscious sour - old - matriarch - from - hell roles she does so well. several more crimson murders result, include a startling scene in a derelict square where a blind man is. .. good, i wouldn ' t want to spoil things now, would i? and the pic ' s climax, staged amid occult corridors and hidden rooms, has a gothic ghoulishness that ' s most telling. the english language variation of most argento movies usually meet trimming, and not just for the fury - deep crimson and phenomenon, for example, have been appallingly hacked about. fortuitously, the cut to suspiria (about 7 second in this variation) have not adversely regard the moving picture show. the dubbing of the italian actors into english cost quite aptly done, besides, excepting unmatched appalling and unintentionally hilarious feat with a conversation between harper and a professor astir the history of witchcraft in the region. and the soundtrack? it is interesting to guess what power the film would have lose if information technology had be score by someone else. as information technology stands, the habit of goblin ' s music in suspiria is outstanding. plainly, argento played the soundtrack on location while filming thence the actors could pick up the music as they acted come out their parts. a stereo video recording participant tote up greatly to the viewer ' s overall experience. even better, picture suspiria in a movie theater, where you ' ll get the added bonus of widescreen. and the colours! deep reds, eerie wild blue yonder, a superb enjoyment of shadower and contrast. the cinematography of luciano tovoli, whose to a greater extent late deferred payment include blow of fortune and exclusive white female, is uniformly superb. a nod also moldiness go to production designer giuseppe bassan for his fantastic baroque interiors. these kinds of settings are crucial to the atm of argento ' sec more surreal outing, the early most notable case being nether region (1980) on which bassan also work. suspiria is the celluloid that broke dario argento into the major conference of european director, and it is fully deserving of it religious cult status. the albert gore jr. is at times a little excessive and magnify - that ' s always been one of argento ' s shortcoming - but overall this be a fascinating, compelling example of italian horror. 