plot: odin is a great high schooltime basketball actor. atomic number 2 ' s date a hot lady friend and the double decker loves his ass. in fact, the coach even admits to have fatherlike feelings towards him. alas, the autobus ' s existent boy, hugo, international relations and security network ' liothyronine too pleased to hear that. in fact, atomic number 2 doesn ' mt same hearing astir any of odin ' s triumphs, as they generally supersede his own. so what does he set verboten to act? well, let ' s simply say that he take up to mess with people ' s nous and one thing leads to another affair which head to. .. well, you ' ll see. review article: a really knock down, soundly depressing, well - acted " non - teen " moving picture show star a bunch of teens. credit director tim blake nelson for make a modern day version of this shakespearian classic, put in a naturalistic high pitched shoal environment, with the basketball championships as the backdrop and an imminent sense of day of reckoning as information technology core. you also have to give information technology upwardly to all of the actors in this plastic film, who turn ended some very convincing carrying into action, taking you through all of their characters ' ups and down. hartnett especially should be applauded for demand on such a despicable character, a swell who you hardly need to grab by the pharynx and beat the squat out of (sign of a salutary actor, if you ask pine tree state ). phifer also comes to roleplay in this movie, with a nice portmanteau word of charisma, reverence, love and anger bed covering over his case. 1 was always on this guy cable ' s side and definitely finger sorry for him as things make a motion on. julia stile make up also in effect, but her character wasn ' t much different from others that she ' s played recently. i was however real surprised with martin sheen ' s showing, since ace hadn ' t take him too earnestly as an actor over the retiring few old age. his character is definitely complete - the - circus tent in this film, but i appreciate his inflammation, his rage, his ultimate and unsighted desire to win above all. a great example of a workaholic adult male who cannot come across the tree from the timber. i coif have a few reservations about the moving picture show though. foremost of all, what was with all of the gangsta hip - hop medicine utilize in pretty much every other scene transition? it was cute at world class, just become a small too obvious and annoying after a few times. the film was besides edit pretty choppily. .. like some scene were cut away and no one " strip it improving " afterwards. i also didn ' triiodothyronine like the fact that hartnett ' s character, the human being behind much of the filth that get down in this film, was infallible. in other book, pretty much everything he says or asks of mortal, happens automatically and without any goofups. ane mean, i live the bozo is overbold and all, merely i would make appreciated a little to a greater extent " realism " under some of the circumstances. but overall, the movie will desolate you. it ' s non a " play date flick ". information technology ' s non a movie astir the high schoolhouse basketball game team and how it black star falls for the white girl from the other side of the tracks. it ' s about jealousy, love, invidia, fury, passionateness, retaliation and pretty much any early negative thought that ' s ever passed done your head. is it worth discover? buckeye state, most definitely! ( wordplay intended) it ' s a moving mental picture with bully public presentation, no shakespearian speak (thank you, god!) and an outstanding directorial job by lord nelson. the final setting alone is enough to send a massive chill down your acantha, and i was especially impressed with the managing director ' s selection of euphony near the final stage. in fact, the whole succession was quite a reminiscent of the net showdown scene from taxicab number one wood, and i conjecture that ' south saying something decent there. where ' s joblo coming from? 10 things ane hate about you (7 / 10) - election (7 / 10) - hamlet (6 / 10) - love life ' s labor ' reciprocal ohm lost (eight / ten) - natural born killers (9 / x) - save the last dance (vii / ten) - shakespeare in love (5 / ten ) 