i must admit that i was a tad skeptical of " in force will trace ", based both on the previews and the first xv second of the film, in which the main role will hunting (mat damon ), an mit janitor in his early twenties, is discovered to be an einstein - level closet genius when he solves two extraordinarily difficult math problems overnight. the lonesome problem is that will be a tough street fry who ' s had his share of trial - ins with the police force, and before long he ' s being hauled in for assault after a parking peck fight. professor lambeau (stellan skarsgard ), who had bring up the maths problems in his lectures, tracks him down and strikes a deal with the constabulary: will is to be released, offer atomic number 2 works with lambeau on his math research regularly and attends therapy seance. this sounds like the formula for mildly charming fluff, simply " good leave hunt " rises above information technology somewhat mundane premise to have a poignant and apt dramatic play. a conflict gradually emerges between lambeau and will ' s therapist sean mcguire (robin williams) - lambeau wants to get will to use his brain, while sean want him to listen to his heart, both of which he has follow for the most part neglecting. volition finds that the old is much easier than the latter, so often thence, in fact, that he acquire bored with it and grows increasingly resistant to lambeau ' s attempts to recruit him into the academic lifestyle. he likewise has his share of problem with his lady friend skylar (minnie device driver ), an massachusetts institute of technology student who is act to california at the end of the schooling year and would like a reluctant will to come with her. what makes " good leave trace " work so well, away from the secure performances (especially from damon and roger williams ), is the depth of characterization and the representation of the conflicts in will ' s life time. the script ' randomness sympathies appear to lie more with sean mcguire than with lambeau, but neither of them is presented as wholly correct oregon wrong. lambeau, while atomic number 2 may seem a little cold at time, is still written substantially enough that we like him as a case still when we ' re not certain if we like what he has to say. and sean, for all his warm - heartedness, has, as lambeau and later will point come out, non lived up to his total cerebral potential either; the therapy sessions turn out to be only as revelatory for sean as they do for will. will ' s response to this situation, and the way in which atomic number 2 slowly becomes more receptive to skylar and to sean, is presented in a believable fashion and in a way that forces the consultation to consider totally the characters ' opinions, rather than setting up an obvious " right " and " ill timed " side and beat them over the head with it. for a moving picture with such an extraordinary character, " good will hunt " presents itself as remarkably ordinary; information technology achieves the difficult task of making the next prince albert einstein into an everyman, a character to whom the audience bum easily relate and who must make choices similar to those that almost everyone faces at one time or another. this film move over u real dramatic play when it thusly easily could have given us just melodrama, by having the government kidnap will to use him in covert spy missions operating room introduce some other equally far - fetched office. " good will hunt " also has its share of fun humor, such as when will, in an former therapy session, pretends to be hypnotized and smoothly travesty the alien abduction scenarios that take in become so well have a go at it in popular culture. and in the one tantrum in which authorities agents make in fact seem, will blows them turned with a uproariously scathing accusation of human rights violations in africa. will ' s family relationship with his friends, most notably chucky (ben affleck ), is usually rather amusing, if somewhat crude (the film has one c + uses of the ' f ' scripture, which make up most probable the grounds for its r - rating ), and lends itself well to the development of will ' s character. add altogether this to the fact that " good will hunting " even manages to pull off an uplifting glad ending without getting excessively sentimental, and you might be question wherefore ane haven ' t given this film four star. considerably, for one thing, no issue how well damon and affleck, world health organization write the screenplay, and director gus van sant pull it away, the story be still rather contrived and not particularly original. there are likewise a few shot that do experience a bit formulaic, include one that was supposed to comprise aroused only really simply seemed like the obligatory crying scene for any movie involving therapy sessions. still, " goodness will hunting " takes its premise a lot farther than i thought it would, and equal definitely unrivalled of the better personal dramas i have seen in the last few years, and as of right hand now it stands as one of the top five on my list of ' 97 films. 