making his directorial debut, actor jon favreau bring along his swingers co - star, vince vaughn, for this fib of ii sucker on a calling trajectory to nowheresville. favreau, who also write the book, is bobby, vaughn comprise ricky. by day they are construction workers. they also are wanna - equal contenders, just neither get had much success. their net bout pitted them against each early and was a draw, leave bobby ' s record at little phoebe - quintuplet - 1. these deuce 50. a. not - so - wise guys too shape for grievous bodily harm (peter falk ), a mid - level gangster, who comprise patient and understanding with bobby, but world health organization hates ricky ' s guts. max has an easy book of job for bobby; vaporize to new house of york and stimulate a simple bringing to a gangster named ruiz (a smooth and silky sean combs ). bobby, because of his lifelong friendship with ricky, pleads with max to give his pal another fortune and let him tail along to the bighearted orchard apple tree. against his bettor judgment, easy lay agrees. of course ricky, a motormouth who put in both feet everytime he speaks, nearly chouse up everything. while bobby tries to stay tranquil and professional, ricky begin swaggering and throwing money around as if he was john gotti or tony soprano. the constrast in style and the chemistry between favreau and vaughn is what makes made so pleasurable to determine. favreau with his hound - wiener face and retard - burn personality could cost a modern - day oliver hardy, only much wiser. vaughn is corresponding someone vaccinated with a phonograph phonograph needle, he simply keeps yakking and yakking, unaware of the havoc atomic number 2 create. notwithstanding despite bobby ' s perpetual aggravation and upheaval with his partner, a bond of affection and loyalty binds them. the contrast between the two friends embody concern to watch. bobby is button - down, tightly - wound, always waiting for the next brake shoe - courtesy of ricky - to throw off. ricky exist mostly unmindful to the problem he creates and is genuinely surprised when atomic number 2 comes under attack for his faux paus. in new york, the deuce lackeys are like fish out of water, stumbling from one situation to another, try to keep live. comb is elegant, cool and depleted - key menacing as the gangsta they are broadcast to meet. falk is amusing in his small role, while famke janssen nearly breaks your heart as bobby ' s lowlife girlfriend. more than anything, made be a motion picture show with heart. information technology is loud, obnoxious and very chatty. but the cameraderie between bobby and ricky holds the samara to information technology sake. favreau do a commendable job in his directorial debut. he is a player to be watched as helium tush only ameliorate with experience. 