the calendar year has non even reached information technology battle of midway point, but that hasn ' thyroxin prevent columbia picture from jog verboten a lavish period drama more befitting of the wintertime oscar - bait season. bille august ' s high - profile adjustment of superior victor hugo ' s classic les miserables delivers everything one would expect from a classy hollywood epic - - handsome production values, strong performances by a top - notch cast, a literate screenplay - - with one critically missing chemical element: emotional sweep. for those not familiar with hugo ' s original novel or the hit stage musical it inspired, the hook of les miserables essentially boils push down to something like a 19th - century french - set interpretation of the runaway. after serving 19 years in a prison oeuvre camp for steal a loaf of lucre, the brutish jean valjean (liam neeson) is parole. immediately upon sack, he steals valuable silverware from a kindly bishop who takes him in for a night; he is caught by self confidence, only to be forgive by the bishop, who lets valjean keep the silver to part a new life on the consecutive and minute. that helium execute, and in doing therefore breaks his parole, which sets the compulsively determined examiner javert (geoffrey rush ), world health organization was one of the guards in valjean ' s prison camp, on his trail. thematically, however, les miserables constitute a story about repurchase, which valjean find through his dealings with deuce women, the tough - luck manufacturing plant - worker - turned - working girl fantine (uma thurman ), and her illegitimate daughter, cosette. old age after breaking parole, valjean becomes mayor of the town of vigau, where he forms a tender friendship with fantine after redeem her from an unjust arrest by javert. valjean promises the severely ill fantine he testament rescue the young cosette (mimi newman) from her cruel caretaker, the thenardiers, and kindle the child as his own. the " father " and " girl " eventually land in genus paris, where the teenage cosette (claire dane) falls for scare away educatee revolutionary marius (hans matheson ). the ten - spanning story personify the stuff that cinematic epic poem are made of, and the danish august turns in his most accomplished english - language work, following the underrated 1994 hotshot soap the house of the spirits and last year ' s stylish but highly preposterous mystery story smilla ' s sense of snow. atomic number 2 and screenwriter rafael yglesias bring the sprawling taradiddle into clear focus and observe the events moving at a brisk pace. output designer anna asp viper, costume designer gabriella pescucci, and cinematographer jorgen persson give les miserables a grand period smell whose accomplishment is mostly matched by the endeavor of the cast. neeson is command nevertheless adorably vulnerable; upsurge ' s finely modulated threat is far more rewarding than his overrated, oscar - make headway theatrics in shine; and thurman disappears nicely into her highly unglamorous role. the jr. members of the shape fare to a lesser extent well. danes be win over as cosette, but her overdone lip quiver during her hollo scenes become a beguilement; and matheson, while competent, is a less interesting robert sean leonard. as technically adept and cerebrally engaging the film is, by the time les miserables was over, my emotions had just been superficially involved. while i exist affect by valjean ' s relationships with fantine and cosette, i was non proceed. non even progress to the " touch " level is the cosette - marius sexual union. my only previous experience with les miserables embody with the melodious (as i follow sure many others ' is ), and i was dismayed to see eponine, a friend of marius ' s who selflessly dies in the epithet of her unspoken love for him, almost completely jettisoned from this adaptation (the daughter of the thenardiers, here she is only briefly construe as a child ). her presence would have bestow some lots - needed conflict and emotional massiveness to the youthful romance, just i suppose august and yglesias felt unrivalled tragic heroine (fantine) be enough. even so, as 1998 creeps into summer blockbuster season, les miserables be a thoughtful, substantially - fix, entertaining moving picture show, one that leave fill moviegoers hungry for a pane of drama before popcorn no - brainers invade the multiplex. 