you ' ve credibly pick up the one about the non christian priest and the rabbi, but ne'er with the same dosage of featherweight charm that be sprinkled concluded ` keep the faith '. information technology ' s a fluffy drollery, thoroughly glazed with a sense of innocuous purity and good cheer, view two moral topic - - love and religion - - and how a amatory triangle causes the two to clash head - on. as nestling, brian finn, francois jacob schramm and anna reilly were an inseparable trio. while their friendship march on, anna forever had the compassion to shower them both with the like love and reinforcement, so neither would feel excluded. but tragedy soon struck, as anna be forced to move off. now adults, brian (edward norton) and francois jacob (ben stiller) hold alike merely incompatible jobs. the likable and kind - hearted father brian equal a catholic non christian priest, while the spry and outgoing jacob acts as a judaic rabbi. on the basketball lawcourt, they refer to themselves as ` the god team '. in the relationship area, brian abides by his catholic principle of celibacy, but jacob has give the stop where determine a jewish bride is practically compulsory. everything changes when anna (jenna elfman) render to new york to call her puerility chums. now a workaholic, she devotes endless hour per workweek to her business, but does find spare time to reminisce with brian and jacob - both ecstatic about realise their elementary school sweetheart once over again. with these oddball ingredients tossed into 1 cocktail, there ' s bound to represent some bunglesome romance between our three central lineament. portend the outcome is not entirely difficult, but ` keeping the faith ' be open, entertaining and refreshingly relaxed as information technology move around en road from point a to distributor point b. edward norton has emerged as 1 of the finest, most flexibly various actors in hollywood - a winner story activate by his critically proclaim debut in the 1996 thriller ` primal fear '. after shockingly bitter office in ` american history adam ' and, most late, david fincher ' s vicious ` fight clubhouse ', a olde worlde wild eyed funniness might seem like a peculiar alternative. non in the least. norton skid into the director ' s chair for the first clip with ` keeping the faith ', and here his incisive, resourceful approach shot helps tot up additional workmanship to a surprisingly perceptive screenplay by stuart blumberg. weighing every aspect, information technology is unanimously an impressive directorial launching. in addition, norton thrust altogether the right buttons with the sheepish knockout brian, generating a thoroughly likable screen comportment. stiller (the zipper guy from ` there ' southward something about mary ') is steady and risible, shoot a line a fully - ripened mirthful maturity. elfman ' s perky repetition give the sack grow tiresome (such is occasionally the case on telly ' s ` dharma and greg ' ), merely she seems dead rambunctious hither. the remaining form member offer fine documentation, from anne bancroft as jacob ' s animated jewish mamma to milos forman as an elderly priest quick to contribute thinking advice. ` keeping the religion ' is the double dyed escort flick. .. though perfection be not a word to associate with the plastic film in general. there cost turbulence during the process of lift - off, as legion failed attempts at institute the situation taint the sticking out comedy in front. once the photographic film does settle in, it make up often funny and invariably cheerful. stiller, norton and elfman have created triplet enormously lovable personalities. we enjoy their interaction, understand their diverse dilemmas and feel humiliate to recognise everything rings perfectly true. this be omit the ending, which be acceptable and all, but seems to lack the appealingness and spontaneousness of the preceding romantic entanglements. nonetheless, a narrowly mishandled closing curtain certainly win ' tonne wipe the smile off your face, nor anyone else ' mho in the interview. ` keeping the faith ' is a highly gratifying wild eyed comedy, although one that is more observant while review the enquiry of love kind of than faith. aww, what the hell. the quality exist not quite an heaven - sent, but this little charmer could revive our ` faith ' in a potentially tired filmmaking musical style. 