the rich man ' s married woman personify unmatchable of those movies like final analysis surgery body double, where the story and characters are so one - dimensional and contrived that you know you shouldn ' t represent savour yourself. but in some manner, the pic just attempt so hard that you begin to forgive information technology and get into the golf stroke of things. not that it ' s bad, it ' s barely that information technology ' s live manage before; and better, in my belief. i gain that this is going to sound pretty bizarre, but it ' s credibly the best analogy that i can come up with right straightaway; you know how when you see a spider or something in your toilet, strain helplessly to get out, and instead of just flush him, you end up sort of rooting for the little guy? that ' atomic number 16 basically how i felt astir this movie. i mean value, it ' s non very dependable, simply it ' s not completely tough either. the wife of the title be josie potenza (played nicely by halle berry ). she is matrimonial to tony (st. christopher mcdonald. .. you know, the guy world health organization looks like joe piscapo ), a truly emphasise - out businessman who drinks style to much and doesn ' t give josie the attending she deserves (* coughing, cough * ). thus, she is driven into the arms of another military personnel, jake golden (clive owen ). near the beginning of the movie, josie decides to taste and figure out things kayoed with tony by dumping jake and going on a vacation to a remote cabin in the wood. once there, however, tony has to go away almost immediately imputable to business sector detail (iodin ' m still not rather sure what seam of work he ' s in ). make the best of her situation, josie stays on that point and begins make the rounds at the local bars. ace nighttime, she meets a stranger named cole (peter greene, in conclusion getting a substantive office ). they have dinner unitedly, and eventually, both josie and the audience start to substantiate that cole exist homicidal. after learning that she personify non happily married, cole offer to " convey care " of the job. managing to escape from the psychotic maniac, josie returns home and starts a rapprochement with her estranged and very flush hubby. but so one nox, kail shows up. .. and here be where the fun begin. from this point on, information technology ' s going to make up a no - holds - barred bromide - fest, ripping slay every movie from stranger on a string to the usual defendant. this live why most critic panned this movie when it foremost came out. and for the most character, they ' re right; the rich man ' s married woman has nary one original bone in information technology ' s consistency. merely who cares? if you ' re looking for good ol ' silent suspense movie, you can ' t do much better than this. and if you suspense buffs aren ' t already sold, information technology has a killer of an terminate too. 