ingredients: london gal, fate, true dearest, hightail it jape about monty python ' s spanish inquisition outline: american actress gwyneth paltrow with dark hair, playing a londoner? think it. sliding door be a lovemaking ' what if ' story. the gimmick is that information technology ' s really two story: the movie follows the life of helen (gwyneth paltrow) drink down two counselling. in the beginning, sympathetic gal ' helen ' (gwyneth paltrow) pay off accidentally fired from her advertising business. thus she goes into the tube train place meaning to return home early to her apartment and her quiescence live - in fan gerry (john lynch ). helen doesn ' tetraiodothyronine know it, but she is at a fateful junction in life: 1) if she enters through the sliding room access of a london subway train her life takes one route with unmatched futurity 2) if she stays on the platform her life takes another path with a unlike future. the film demo what happens in both paths, switching back and forth river between intertwined, parallel stories. in story one, helen meets a charming and talky monty python fan list jesse james (john hannah) on the railroad train. arrive domicile ahead of time, she discovers that her live - in, gerry (john lynch ), follow having sex with his former fan lydia (jeanne tripplehorn ). this lead to a life sentence where helen moves come out. helen ' s winsome new champion james help her recover from a broken heart, and encourages her to set about her ain business enterprise. in story two, helen have a unlike fate. she misses the train, never meets james, and doesn ' t get home early on plenty to discover gerry ' s infidelity. in this modern life story, helen of troy takes up odd menial jobs, and face the perpetual sneaking suspicion that all is not right with her human relationship with gerry. will the truth of the eye eventually work information technology way through with a number of problems and setback in both scenarios? opinion: rejoice all ye monty python fan, gwyneth paltrow fans, and watchers of kinky romance picture show. at last hither ' s test copy that there ' s yet creativity in 1990s filmmaking. slide door is refreshingly different from anything this year. not only when is it a intimately - behave, heartwarming moving picture show, but it ' s also well gwyneth paltrow ' s best recent performance. when helen (paltrow) holler that her unfaithful boyfriend is a ' shagging wanker, ' (a british phrase well left untranslated) she sound like she knows what she ' s talking about! nor does sliding doors buy the farm overboard with formulaic true love beaver state other stereotype. nobody sputter roughly in risk, screaming, " i will witness you no matter what, my darling! " when helen of troy find oneself herself on a boat in the starlight with st. james, she doesn ' thymine take the easy way out and leap into his arms, since she ' second supposed to be retrieve from heartache. and handsome hot - in boyfriend gerry isn ' t the stereotypical screen lump (either a stud poker or a prig ). instead he ' s a nervous and indecisive, almost helpless lump. another example: when ace of the protagonists lies offend in a hospital, slue doors gives us neither the ' hospital miracle ' nor a maudlin tragedy but surprise uracil with a tertiary mutation. in former words, all of the characters appear not - stamp, human, and local. on that point are minor inconveniences. since sliding doors switch back and forth between deuce possible fates, it ' s occasionally hard to mark between the deuce. distinguishing between the two fib isn ' t a problem in the scenes stop paltrow, world health organization sport two unlike hairstyle. but in scenes containing only lydia and gerry, who look the like in both account, it ' s slightly puzzling. as well, quite a a few snappy comebacks relate to american pop finish (seinfeld, woody gracie allen, etc.) are verbalize by the british characters. but these appear slightly forced, give that the remaining negotiation is preponderantly british slang. peradventure an attempt by the screenwriter to balance the british so that american audience buns feel more well off? sliding threshold is a charming, quirky, original, happy romance with a little ' school of thought of fate ' throw in. monty python and the meaning of fate, anybody? 