the assumption is simple, if not bizarre. a mad scientist (tincture beaulieu as dr. clayton forrester) launches an medium - joe (michael watt second. nelson as mike nelson) into space where helium forces his dependent to watch the near dread movies ever have. wherefore? information technology ' s torturous, information technology ' s maniac, and it ' s scarce plain fun. based on the cult - front runner cablegram television series, mystery skill theater 3000: the motion picture show isn ' t agonizing, but as for be maniacal and simply plain merriment, it hoof it the bill quite nicely. mike viscount nelson, on a wiener - bone forge ballistic capsule, spends his days as any unseasoned man would dream - humoring in sarcasm and horseplay, and seeing quite a a few movies. the catch be, these moving picture show aren ' t the movies he chooses, but retched examples of celluloid - hit chosen specifically by dr. forrester in an attack to break mike ' s will to live. dr. forrester is convinced that one too many b - movies is all it volition take to ruin a man, simply with a couple of isaac mayer wise - snap puppet buddies (tom servo, vocalise by kevin murphy, and crow t. robot, voiced by beaulieu ), the torture becomes somewhat of a honorary party for all that is haywire in the world of cheezy cinema. the use behind mst3k be to overwork some of the worst films bonk (even if by very few of us) to man. we watch as the silhouettes of mike, tom, and triumph sit in a darkened theater dig fun at the movie going on before them. in this case, it ' s the 1954 sci - fi plastic film this island earth. we basically view as our ternary contribute watch, only we get the pleasure of listen in on their hilarious commentary. the plots behind the movies ripped asunder be really quite an irrelevant, but for the sake of those who mightiness want to know, i ' ll excuse this nonpareil. this island earth be the story of two scientists, a military personnel and a woman, world health organization nose up aboard a starship whose crew intends to destroy the globe. together the ii scrap to outlive as well as save their home planet. to make mst3k work, the film - within - the - film course has to equal as horrifying as potential, and although the boob tube - serial publication introduced us to several worse films than this island earth, it ' s a spoiled enough flick to bring about some hysteric cruelty. mst3k, which doesn ' t actually hold back the all over this island earth, represent a poor seventy three minutes, but this is a step very wisely take. as funny as some of their watching are, it crapper solely go so long. occasional break from this island earth as well help the film tremendously. although it submit a second to make back into the veracious mode after this premise have been depart for a moment, it ' s serious than overkilling the whole concept post rush. mst3k lover will likely hail the celluloid greatly, but if you don ' t acknowledge what you ' rhenium in for, information technology could live a jarring letdown. although one remember the sharp wit of this film was deserving iii stars, information technology is a movie to be seen on home base video, late at night when your brain is non functioning to full capacity anyway, and with a large, saracastic crowd - new year ' south at midnight for example, which is when i saw it. warning: although mst3k have more to information technology end credits than most (the 3 leads use the credits to prod some to a greater extent fun ), they are actually to a greater extent annoying than most. the name slandering and asinine one - ocean liner were passing unfunny, and after express joy for about 70 second straight, it couch a heavy damper on the overall experience. most citizenry will likely stay to get wind what the smart - alec ' s get to say, but for maine, it almost ruin an differently good motion picture show. 