in english hawthorn of 1977, just two years after steven spielberg ' s success with jaws and three long time after francis coppolas ' the godfather, a risky, ambitious young manager named george v lucas went for the same unpredictable box office succeeder. little serve he know that star war would become the greatest scientific discipline fiction epos in the history of motion picture. in january of this twelvemonth, george lucas re - release star wars on information technology 20th anniversary. in this new, remastered version, the added effects, which range from leathery desert creature inserted into already exist shots to an ill chosen young scene in which hans solo bargains his way extinct of a jam with a computer - generated jabba the hutt, don ' t do much but bid attention to themselves. other than these, the plastic film is on the button the like. wherefore pay to see it in the theaters, you might ask? only because when this movie follow released, most of usa were a few yr short of being born. we should all get up and move to the movies for the experience, especially if you haven ' t get a line it. the plot is canonic merely in the same fashion, complex. it have many themes, but the one rotates around luke skywalker (score hamill) and his quest to turn a jedi knight. his military mission set about when a droid identify r2 - d2 plays rearwards a secret message immortalise by the beautiful princess leia (carrie fisher ), which tells him to contact the mysterious obeah - wide area network kanoby (alec guiness ). helium and kanoby and then, joined by two inter - galactic renegades, han solo (harrison ford) and chewbacca, and skywalker ' s two droids d2 and c3po (the voice of anthony edwards ), salary war upon the corrupt empire, control by an evil general (peter cushing) and the treasonous darth vader (the vox of james earl john luther jones ). skywalker defeats the evil imperium by get up proscribed of himself to squeeze something larger: the force. the film is obviously rather star - constellate. but how was lucas to know that ford would become 1 of the most sought after men in hollywood and jones ' voice would come out so many more than time in the future? information technology simply happened to work out for him. the magic of genius wars lie in in the way that skywalker ' s triumph is typify by the audience ' s sense of becoming something large than life itself - a universe of fans, young and previous, recreating a movie atmosphere that bequeath strike generation forever. , 