tempe mills movie theater, azimuth - - this movie had us in non - stop stitches from start out to terminate. all those promotional clips that have be on tv for the past month came from the first five minute of the movie. if you think they embody funny, see the rest of the moving picture. it ' s hilarious. how does one run about work a moving picture about a couple guys whose only title to fame is synchronise head teacher - bopping on snl to exactly ace sung dynasty? prosperous. save an interesting script around stress - and - true approximation, add some good air and irony, and voil? , you terminate up with an excellent, considerably - done, very entertaining flick. testament and chris are idiot brothers forced by their father to mold begrudgingly in the family bloom business during the day. at night they pursue their biography - long ambition to loose their virginity in failed attempts to have into the roxbury in beverly hills, calif., the sole discotheque act worth going to. the only trouble, the place represent so pop and the waiting line so long that by the time the brothers make it to the front door, the roxbury closes, all the patch bear looker to guys with one - hundred - dollar bills and movie mavin like richard grieco who get past the doorman without bicker. the book author (steve koren, will ferrell and chris kattan) cleverly formulate a agency for our boys to get into the roxbury. their flower - shop van is rearward - end by richard grieco, who fear a police force - suit and is surprised to see the changeling are too prima - struck to think about the car accident they just had, but non about getting into the roxbury. grieco mirthfully takes them in, even introduces them to the possessor, which has the added benefit of enhancing the fiscal appearance of the idiot brothers in the eyes of a couple of gold diggers (elisa donovan and gigi elmer reizenstein) who look their clip and bodies on will and chris. what follows personify some of the right slap - stick terpsichore routines ever. the music is brilliant, and could have only live made better had the producers added patrick hernandez ' s acquit to represent alert. the stage dancing at times exist a mockery of an era gone by, for example, the bee gees and their stayin ' alive. it equal nostalgic for those of us world health organization remember that far back, and the proficiency is a clever version that worked well in forest gump. one and only of the funniest scenes is when the gold digger discover that will and chris preceptor ' t have any mone y, and ditch both on the bit, even expressing ferocity and anger that they give sex away. an art - imitate - living poke at shallow women. information technology ' s a view that ' s an approximate charade of the acetum ' s own rolf luedeke ' s editorial this week interior formation for men (nom) replaces now. ted " unabomber " kaczynski, himself resist for not having money, will identify well with this setting, if he e'er watches the movie. of course of study, the script wouldn ' t be complicated enough without adding molly shannon, the girl next door who has had a calf love on will since they be kids, and who leave feature had an aversion to in quest of good - look disco blondes (substantiation that men will turn down perfectly effective women when there are bay scout babes always lurking nearby ). yet, will ' s father of the church wants him to marry molly anyhow, but believe idiot chris is standing in the style and sends him into guest - quarter exile. during the wedding ceremony, will ' s spunk isn ' t exactly into getting married, and when his brother appear on the balcony with a ghetto blaster and more head - bopping medicine, will thinks worse of the international nautical mile - tieing idea and runs to chris. decidedly an snl parody of the graduate where katharine nellie tayloe ross changed her mind for the screaming dustin malvina hoffman in the church building balcony. i found this scenery a riot, all the same, it went terminated brandi ' s foreland - - she follow conduct seven years after the graduate first appear. the scene has a good punch line when molly shannon marries, instead, the step - in pal / slant - lifter (who depend like he could kick the bucket for the son of gary busy) and who has been lusting for a good - looker for a prospicient clock time, just ready now to take anyone. more art - imitates - animation clobber - - not even muscles arse substitute for money in the material world. the idiots ' mother be play by loni philip warren anderson, whose barbie - doll looks don ' t play well any longer (she ' s a bit onetime ), and whose cleavage await like soul botched a tracheostomy too small down. one recommend this pic for anyone who want to hold a lot of fun or in need of a fortune of laughs. go with a appointment. brandi express joy non - stop, as ace did, and a deaf - mute power cause concluded i embody vibrate her continuously for 105 minutes. 