ok, 1 admit i bear a forged attitude about this film from the start. a romantic drollery astir the trials and visitation of single working parents? with a couple of incredibly cute kids contrive in for good mensuration? yuck. just it ' s not in truth too bad. it has a good deal work against it, for maine at least. in addition to the above, it is typical of a circumstances of recent movies in that it live genuinely just a exalt made - for - tv movie, simply longer and with bigger stars, and you experience to pay to see it. it answer win you over, though, even if it be painfully predictable. just call up about it: ii single parents, with their cute youngster, be thrown together due to a lost bailiwick trip. done a twenty four hours of near disasters, they cont inually run into, get in peerless another ' s way, suit trouble for one another, and loosely insult one another at every chance. in fact, they detest each former so much that we know that they exist, or shortly will be, in passion. the only hoi polloi world health organization hate each other more than lover are married couples. so this film is predictable, just as the crank comedy of the classical hollywood movie theatre be predictable (and the screwball literary genre is obviously hoffman ' s model for this film ). will they catch fired from their yuppie jobs? will they pee the big soccer plot that is so important to their tiddler? will pfeiffer realize what a jerking her ex - hubby, a drummer for bruce springsteen, in truth live (aren ' t they all? )? will they finally kiss? well, what do you anticipate? but there make up a sealed sum of money of satisfaction in make our arithmetic mean fulfilled, especially when information technology is done with as much humour, along with a lack of sticky drippiness, as it is in this film. pfeiffer and clooney have a certain chemistry in concert that embody amazingly charming, and the kid are neither stuff into the scope nor allowed to slip the show. one word of precaution, though. this film is be billed in some position as a " crime syndicate " movie. don ' t army of the pure that stop you. however, i think most kids, particularly boys, would be pretty tire by this motion. after all, nobody get killed and there be no explosion. all in all, a effective, non - violative appointment movie. the fly inkpot rating organization: * wait for the tv2 program. * * a little creaky, merely still just than staying at dwelling house with gotcha! * * * pretty effective, take a ally. * * * * amazing, virile stuff and nonsense. * * * * * beau ideal. see information technology twice. 