upon arriving at the dramaturgy during the opening credits, i took my posterior and prepared myself for what appeared to be " hellraiser touch the crow ". only every bit soon as kiefer joan sutherland begin speak the narrative monologue, describing " the strangers " and their reasons for contacting human being, i was hooked. there was something especially compelling about the nature of his voice. i knew from the start that iodin follow going to find the activity of his character kind of than the actor attempting the fiber. sutherland played the purpose as a true old stager. upon the completion of his monologue, the camera come on sutherland in such a fashion that you canful only wonder how long alex proyas spent on filming. i would imagine, for a film of this caliber, that maximal hours of body of work were spend where they were needed the near. the film course beautifully. as i cost personify taken through the intricate regions of the " sinister city ", a clever plot start to unravel, to the point where the last time i had see such clever plot twists were in " the usual suspects ". not to cite a series of special effects that would make james cameron literally call on gullible with envy. merely if you ' re non exactly the biggest sci - fi fan, caveat purchaser. get ready for the atmostpheric duskiness of " dozen rascal " or " the crow " without the boredom or depression. the concept of the plot represent as mindstretching as " 12 rascal " was, nonetheless, therefore be prepared and be sophisticated. and imagine a characterization that at long last does judge to the comic - book - gone - feature - film cult that hollywood has recently suit scurrilous of. dismal city simply puts " spawn " to dishonour. in fact, during the flood tide of the film iodin couldn ' mt help but find the strong presence of an " akira " - esque blowup throughout the general flavour of the film. so my initial predictions be improper. this celluloid is anything but the meloncholy of " hellraiser " parts one through five. atomic number 53 ' m never ane to base a cinema entirly on special effects, indeed know that when one give drear city it ' s in reality because the movie hold all of the neccessary ingredients to keep me entertained and awake from storyline to plot twists to camerawork to even (tsk, tsk) special effects. not since tangency have i recieved such deep insight into the way the human mind operates and never this year have i personify thus blown away. the ripe pic i ' ve seen all class, and well one of the best i ' ve ever ensure 