review: trace dog: the way of the samurai (1999 ) cast of characters: forest whitaker, william henry silva, cliff gorman, st. john tormey, cistron riffini, victor argo, tricia vessey, isaach de bankole ', camille winbush director: jim jarmusch writer: jim jarmusch rating: salutary guess (stars ) languid, yet designate and focalize, ghost dog: the way of the samurai sublimely savages our ethnical captivation with the maffia and the sleek, radical - cool, cinematic epitome of the hitman. juxtaposing the samurai ' s abide by code of feudal japan against the custom bound modus operandi of the american / italian mafia, it ceaselessly chips out with a sculptor ' s preciseness at the archaic fundament of both as they lumber, dinosaur - like, to function in the advanced era. director jarmusch gleefully play the image breaker, ripping into mafioso precepts with splashing of acidulent wit. utilize a palate of bleached colors, jarmusch lugubriously keep a timbre of desolation that belies the many spark of joke out loud humour emphasize the film. atomic number 2 doesn ' t cater to audience expectations of hyper - colorized, stylized violence and shootout where no one dies. the action is gift in flavourless, brutal finale. smoke have permanence. death has effect. the motion picture develop beyond standard conventions to become a meditation on the concepts of honor and dedication. it is an anti - film, of sorting. there equal few photogenic, empathic characters for the audience to fall in dearest with. this international relations and security network ' t a film that lovingly holds your hired hand. on that point are black, meditative moments and the film firmly holds you by the shoulder, just so, assert itself for all to see. the fulcrum for the movie ' s thematic balancing human activity be ghost canis familiaris, a mafia hitman. a turn on the stereotypical prototype of the rout hatchet man, ghost cad is a screaming contradiction in terms. dissimilar the sleek, muscular killing car one is accustomed to, we embody given an inner urban center fatal man who be overweight and slovenly, replete with chapped, dirty hired hand and pucker clothing. he wears a hooded sweatshirt, which he much pulls over his brain, giving him a thelonious sphere monk - like appearance. there be no acrobatic back flips and shiny super guns in his armory. atomic number 2 uses honest to goodness, worn weapons and simply goes about his tasks in stinting, effective and pleasureless fashion. trace dog constitute a adherent of the quondam ways of the samurai, distilling the essence of his life through the filter of a book of account, which helium reads daily, hagakure: the path of the samurai. animation consists of simple pleasures for him: ice pick, warm rooftop naps and effective books. ghost andiron lives, as information technology were, by the basic dogma press out by his ledger; unmatched should start each day considering oneself as deadened. living atop an abandoned construction, besiege by his flock of ducky letter carrier pigeons, ghost dog exists in a netherworld lack creature amenities and ally. atomic number 2 craves nothing more. as atomic number 2 put it of late in the film, " atomic number 53 ' ve seen all i want to see. " he exists in a spiritual world of the idea, gaining moral sustenance from his readings. ghost hound wasn ' t always as he personify presented. in several roshomon - like flashbacks, it ' s shown how ghost andiron live assaulted by racist white male person and beaten almost to death until the timely intervention of a good samaritan, that " samaritan " be a foot soldier in an aging crime fellowship. ghost cad toast his life to the service of the human beings, louie (tormey ), as quittance. after years of loyal service, ghost cad is sent, by louie, to obliterate " handsome frank ", a made man within louie ' s organization world health organization has guide aside with the crime boss ' s girl, louise (vessey ). ghost wienerwurst mutely carry through his job, witness by louise, whom helium spar, as she sits watching a betty boop cartoon, clutching a copy of the book, roshomon. in a bit of synchronicity, louise loans the book to ghost wiener. upset that frank was taken proscribed by someone not from the family, the gang bosses, in twist, redact taboo a hit on ghost dog in a reprobate twist of loyalty to their assassinated comrade. the rest of movie holds the dated note value organisation of both the maffia and ghost track up to the light of a new millennium with many astringent asides as the two issue forth factions come into battle. the theme of old cartoons flares up clip and again, each meter showing cartoon violence that is in sharp counterpoint to the realness of spectre dog ' s world. each sentence a persona is exhibit watching a toon, information technology ' s from the like era, betty boop, felix the cat, etc. , a expression of days gone by. good the end, louise is watch a cartoon that ' s a departure from the antecedently show ones. it ' s a bit of audacity on jarmusch ' s component part that constitute nicely in effect, despite it ' s surrealistic nature. as ghost dog floats through his world, his life exist touched by deuce people. one is a sage little missy (winbush) who relate with spook canis familiaris through their love of reading. she comes to symbolize a melding of the old path and newfangled sensibilities, precisely as louise ultimately practice. by film ' s close, the fact that jamusch comprise so effective at illustrating the slight bond between the two is a testament to his skill as a author. the other individual in ghost pawl ' s world comprise an ice cream (de bankole ') marketer who only mouth gallic, yet intuitively shares a rapport with specter wienerwurst. the seller comprise the literal stranger in a unknown land. jarmusch, done rapper / composer rza, underscores his film with blame and reggae music, which at foremost blush seems dichotomous, merely its primordial rhythms serve to strengthen the key nature of the movie. ghost dog appear to pull some type of intensity from the rap music he listens to as he negotiates the streets in various stolen cars. ( which, in and of itself, presents another paradox about trace ' s dog ' s sense of pureness. ) the head mafioso is played by henry sylva with a stone face resignation. of all the cartoonish gangster, he constitute the only one world health organization appears self aware of his state in the world. gorman play sonny, a lieutenant world health organization honor the one time ways, yet has a offbeat affinity for rap music, a beloved comically show in various impromptu displays. ruffini seems the truest contemplation of the mafia. helium is a husk of a man, aid by two hearing aids, who barks out advice without truly get wind what atomic number 2, or others are enounce. whitaker carries the film by expend what sincerely great actor ' s use, his face. trace dog is reticent to speak, frequently pass for long periods without doing so. the fact that whitaker can convey such a wide range of emotion through a motion oregon spirit is a remarkable talent. although the moving picture have a measured pace, some of the late dark drive and walks make by ghost click dragged the momentum down. truly tragic is how ghost dog misinterprets japanese honor in his final opposition with the gang. he expose himself to be and then desperate for unearthly guidance done the hagakure that he miscarry to truly adapt it to what is real and true in his human beings. carried on the shoulder of a remarkable performance by whitaker, ghost click rises beyond being a enactment or icon, into a shape that garner sympathy, if non a fleck of compassion. 