so many student strain to get into schools such as harvard of princeton, but they but don ' t get the good grades. so many students would do anything to reach their end of getting into this school. legend experience it that if your roommate commits suicide, the remaining roommate testament get an automatic little joe. cypher. chris (michael vartan) and tim (matthew lillard) represent two guys who really require the 4. zero to find into harvard. how far will they conk out to get their four. 0? chris and tim are also roommates with reef, played by randall batinkoff. the ii system to execution reef, make up it look like a suicide, so they can purportedly get their 4. 0. they have heard this rumor many place, and they be willing to take the probability to find out. rand be a very, really mean person. atomic number 2 handle his girlfriend natalie, play by tamara craig thomas, like she doesn ' t subject at all. she be very afraid of him, and she especially afraid now that she mustiness tell him she is fraught. she does tell him, and helium becomes enrage. that nox would be the last night of rand ' s life. tim and chris give rand a bottle of rat poisonous substance, making him think that it is beer. rand crapulence grim the poison, and then dies. now, tim energy him off of a mountain with a suicide note nigh the site to make it count comparable atomic number 2 killed himself. it does not take long until the suicide note be find, just the trunk isn ' t find. the law question chris and tim some ayn rand to try and find any information. feeling extreme guilt, chris is get a very grueling time, especially with his lady friend, emma, played by keri russell. she want to know more than, but helium will non even speak with her. leave he give in? will tim grow chris in? bequeath chris turn tim in? leave they turn themselves in? all of these questions comprise run done my mind while follow this slick suspense film. the event in the curve cost really surprising, original, and fun. the plot vocalize much like dead gentleman on campus, but that is non the deal with this film. this film is a very grievous single, with not many laughs. in that respect are many twists and sour that have this pic different from most films. the end in exceptional is altogether unpredictable and satisfying. information technology is a terrific, nail biting ending that i could never predict would fall out. hands down to dan rosen who wrote this godforsaken drive. the sound rattling support out in the film. information technology is quite eerie and it really adds to the spirit of the film. the way the moving picture comprise filmed is also bully. all of the expert aspects, every bit good as the acting and directing scene are really well done. the performances in the curve are real good. matthew lillard gets to dally another creepy part, just comparable in 1996 ' s scream. ( a +) he is really strange in this film equally substantially. unity like him in this variety of function, rather than the roles he has been playing in clowning such as senseless and she ' s all that. michael vartan is fantastic as chris, who has highly mixed emotion about the entire murder and the 4. zero. michael vartan was too superb in never been kissed, where helium co - asterisk with drew barrymore as a instructor who fell in love with his pupil. keri russell too gives a large performance. she should be a adept actress in the horror department of the film. tamara craig thomas is also naturalistic, especially manage with the death of her swain. some very potent supporting performances came from small scale roles, such as bo dietl and antony griffith world health organization play two detectives inquire the case. the bottom line - iodine power just experience to curve that a - into an a. * greenback - the curve premiered at the sundance film festival in early 1998. information technology was adjudicate the film would not equal released widely. information technology is now uncommitted at blockbuster video only, and for rent only. run into you at the video store! 