bruce barth ' s mellow pianoforte play in the background as conflict erupts in a little country town of florida. ulee ' s gold feels comparable another fonda creation - on golden pond: it has a voiced, calm surface with a tempest brewing underneath, the cinematography creates a place of gold, yellow, and olive color, the euphony be stirring and tranquil. both deal with the rigourousness of family life. peter fonda gives his undoubtedly honorable performance in victor nu? ez ' s novel movie and patricia henry hobson richardson (home base improvement star) shows she is worthy of big screen door care. nu? ez is probably independent photographic film ' mho greatest asset, along with john sayles, and he try out his talent with a dim footstep and undulating, clayey tension. peter fonda ' s performance borrows from his male parent joseph henry henry fonda ' s in on gilt pond - there constitute a great vulnerability that atomic number 2 gives the character ulee jackson and just like his father, peter fonda be quiet, worked up, and weary in this exceptional role. ulee thomas j. jackson, the moving picture ' s protagonist, is struggling. atmospheric pressure is mounting at the untimely time. he be a beekeeper and this make up his " busy " season. he has to handle with his two granddaughters ' needs and erupting hormones, he is forced to pick up his daughter - in - practice of law in orlando who is string out on drugs and take care of her, and he is faced with a challenging task: unsettled business concern his word, who is directly in prison, sustain left behindhand. atomic number 2 finds his daughter - in - law, helen, with the 2 military man his boy robbed a camber with. she has apparently tell these ii men that the money that resulted from the robbery be with her husband. that is wherefore atomic number 2 got catch - the police found him with the money. now the 2 men exist demanding they get the john cash, or they volition come after ulee ' s deuce granddaughters. ulee promises helium will bring it to them and takes a crazed helen of troy back to his serene little home where her two children that she desolate audit her with scorn. ulee be a serviceman who lose his pals in war - helium was the only man in his platoon to survive. he refuses help from anybody and does not respond to affectionate gesture. atomic number 2 be a bitterness, shut down - off man whose sole passion is his beekeeping, his granddaughters, and his dead wife. connie, his future door neighbor, finally gets through to him with favorable favors. she embody a nurse and helps helen get through her agitation with drug. ulee ' s au is the story of a humanity who believe atomic number 2 is fine as atomic number 2 is - until the truth is revealed painfully to him: helium is dusty and unfeeling. of course of action, in the end, ulee softens upward, but his journeying is absorbing and we have descend in love with his tiredness and tiredness. what is admirable about the movie be peter fonda ' s winning turn as ulee and the level that feels like nonentity ' s motley fool but, in the remainder, ends up in a class of it ain. 