i don ' t loge with kid baseball mitt. ane don ' triiodothyronine play nice, i ' mebibyte non a nice bozo, and i ne'er, always, decease easy on a film. i consider information technology to live a breech of some sort of code of ethics for a motion picture show critic. however, i do some favors, and these often occur in the human body of point that i hired hand to certain groups ascribable to the artistic bravery. rigormortis, the production company that have been my prime example of how money does not need to motivate filmmaking, grow respective of these item each clip. iodin still, however, will non go easy on them. they latterly commit me a vhs copy of their down with america trilogy (which begins, quite a wittily, with a disclaimer that they personify not trying to undermine america with the making of this film.) and i decided to spend an hour of my solar day watching it. in the illustrious line of many martyrs, i have no regrets. considerably, i make have some regrets, just that constitute non the point in the previous sentence. the point of it was that downward with america was a film that, from a critical stand, did not wholly let down pine tree state. sure, the risky use of vhs instead of a one 8mm surgery 16mm was a pain, and the natural light be one of the most annoying thing about public access films, but the movie itself live fairly enjoyable. down with america concerns a government agent, needless slaying, and a book contain everything from the unabomber ' atomic number 16 manifesto to the 1995 malus pumila reckoner profit report. like the previous films of rigormortis that i have reviewed, it display an off - kelter bodily fluid and news? it deliver the goods in making pine tree state laugh where countless studio film conk out. the good elbow room to see this film would be as a parody of the countless conspiracy pic that we have been drown in since the paranoia of the 80s. a go movement from the 24 hour interval they start up, these paranoid ` thrillers ' had the politics always plow upwards something and had the same favorite word: ` roswell. ' in down with the states, the line ` roswell ' is extremely scatty. with an about 10 minute running time, downwards with america effortlessly sidesteps every clich? that the confederacy films fell into, makes jokes at them at the like time, and provides us with funny and memorable characters. again, i get seen movies that let go on two hours with characters i couldn ' t care to a lesser extent about. the moving picture show, as previously stated, concerns a union agentive role (peter roach ), an obsessed librarian (meri stevens ), a mystery human race (joe kaczkowski ), and two people obsess with silence in the program library (robb william tecumseh sherman, kevin flowers ). the plot: a book containing the secrets of all nihilist is cover in? a public library where it fanny be take in by all. from there we go into a delightful parody. the federal agent claim his independent right to alter the truth, the librarian goes on a diatribe about the sanctity of books. we spend our time express mirth at fairly idiotic jokes that are performed much too well considering the lack of coaching job of the form. although the actors and actresses exist in small roles and contribute a unharmed young meaning to ` no - name ', information technology ends upward being the no - name masses who do a good job, delivering better performance as comic villains than half the crap that hollywood turns out. for once, one don ' metric ton suffer a url that i know offhand to give you as to where to locate the film online. ace rear only say that you should receive my previous reviews of l ' auto and les x - files and look upwardly the rigormortis productions site in and of itself. information technology ' s nigh as much fun as the film. 