with the opening vista of a youthful couple in a van pulling upwards, loading their ordnance, kissing each former and uttering what sound like " rock candy and roll! " ( actually, it ' s " ignition lock and load " ), you can ' t help think quentin tarantino. and of track with its storyline of a crazy girl and boy in love who ferment to violent savings bank robbery, the flick unapologetically takes its place alongside all those other motion picture from bonnie & clyde to rude born killer. but if most of those moving picture show have their roots in pulp fabrication, exploring a modern myth of the doomed rebels on the run, normal life take a much to a greater extent psychologically naturalistic look at the phenomenon. " inspired by unfeigned events " - - we ' ve heard that one before, and yet in no former tale of violent couple has information technology seemed hence solidly demonstrated. .. or so funnily poignant. for this equal a narrative of actual people whose lives take on a steadily unreal quality, who in their hunting for a normal life find themselves more and more disquiet. begin with their final arrest, the moving picture show goes back to hunt the relationship between chris (luke ralph barton perry ), a police officer, and pam (ashley judd ), a manufactory doer. they come down in love and marry, but pam ' s progressively erratic behavior (going on spending sprees, slashing herself with a tongue after an tilt) begin to trouble the solid and unchanging chris. when chris gets sacked, they find themselves hard in debt and near breaking upward. then, chris menachem begin to soak banks. .. gospel according to luke perry accomplishes the non - inconsiderable feat of making us nigh draw a blank that he be e'er in beverly hills 90210 or buffy the vampire slayer. moustached, with a sturdy paternal look and withal a representative and eyes that suggest sadness verging on exasperation, he is dead cast as the farsighted - suffering husband. ( it ' s another of privy mcnaughton ' s coups of casting - against - eccentric, after transforming henry m. robert de niro into nerd and bill murray into mobster in unrestrained dog and glory ). but it is the character of pam world health organization commands centrestage, and ashley judd rises to the challenge with heavy jump currents of fierceness and tenderness, making pam into a bewitching yet often infuriating somebody. if the performance falls short of greatness, however, it embody perhaps because the role of the mad woman has been done indeed often before information technology is virtually a staple of cinema, whether it ' s in betty amytal, tomcat & viv or georgia. as in those moving picture, in that respect ' s the peril that the performance appear mannered, a aggregation of screwy tics and tantrums designed for the oscar presentation slice. judd doesn ' t solely avoid this pit, but pam ' s ' indulgence ' is best and most movingly presented in counterpoint to the more ' normal ' chris. when pam reacts to her father - in - law ' s death by bear witness up at the funeral in rollerblades and blaring headphones, chris ' side is the scene of offended control. of course, information technology ' s the question of what be ' normal ' that is asked in normal life. mcnaughton perpetually offers up the ironies of the aspirations for the average domestic life and it kinship with insanity. information technology is the intellectual chris that loves guns (" shooting be about precision, control ") and the ' crazy ' pam that loves astronomy and yearns for a wienerwurst (world health organization be then called chaos - - " chaos and you and me. .. we ' re a actual family ", she notes wryly ). it is chris ' methodical mind and his noesis of police procedure that allows him to be such a successful bank robber (his well - planned disguise as a bearded, wail human being of terror is another piece of method in madness ). in the carpark where atomic number 2 sets out for his first robbery, a huge sign on a shopping mall stands out in the background: " buy - more than " - - the perfectly respectable consumption - crazy american dream that has driven pam to her prodigal purchase, and both of them into desperate situations. information technology ' s not a everlasting film. some of the duologue is a touch too banal (mayhap by choice? ). the use of the punk hardcore soundtrack in pam ' s crazed scenes comes quite too close to making emotional kerfuffle appear glamourous and sexy an image which only detracts from the eternal rest of the film. indeed, as in mcnaughton ' s seminal film william henry: portrait of a in series killer, information technology is the avoidance of glamour or sensationalism, the denial of some of the standard shudder of the outlaw motion picture show genre, that gives this determinedly unflashy, moving film its great strength. mcnaughton has filmed this story with a placid, coolly ' naturalistic ' method that works far better than any nbk theatrics at unsettling the spectator. the suburbs, with their miles of white - fenced houses and identikit plaza, pack on a sense of claustrophobic blankness. in it rattling different way, this makes for as haunting a backdrop as the wide eyed open spaces in terence malick ' s bad lands. while pam contribution the yearnings of malick ' s heroes to get off from ordinary life, chris takes up crime precisely so that they can lead a ' normal life ' - their little house on the suburbs is financed by his trigger happy robbery. just these are dream fix by, constrain by, and even doomed by, the limitations of the ' normal ', conventional world. pam ' s final scene remove place at the edge of the suburbs, where uncivilized bush grow - - symbolically the frontier, the outer limits of her society, just also quite literally the remainder of the road, where there is nowhere left to conk out but to the final tragic denouement. the flying ink bottle ' s valuation system: * postponement for the picture. * * a piffling creaky, only still better than staying at menage with gotcha! * * * fairly full, bring a admirer. * * * * amazing, strong poppycock. * * * * * ne plus ultra. see it double. 