there is null like american history ex in theaters oregon on video. no other feature article motion picture accept such a cold heavy look at the lure, the culture, and the labor union of white supremacy. nice guy cable ed norton jr. (who sang in everyone says i love you) plays derek, a twenty - year sometime skinhead. dad ' s insidious racial discrimination grew big in derek, after gang member killed his father. dad was fight a fire when they shot him. like a shot derek keeps his head shaved and have a giant swastika tattooed over his pump. derek is more interested in the ideas of white domination than in its culture of force. at a basketball court, black and blank tempers flare pass. derek channels the aggressiveness into a game, black versus white, for ownership of the courts. when the choice stage itself, derek pass away for game point instead of the chump - lick. cameron (stacy keach) steps in to derek ' s life history as a surrogate father. he takes derek under his wing and nurtures his racist feelings. keep his own felon record spotless, he uses derek as a leader and arranger for high - visibility racial intimidation. derek obliges by leading his younger and dumber ally in race - prompt mob criminal offence. at the bottom of the chain, derek ' s younger brother danny (edward furlong, made famed in eradicator two) joins the skinheads non for ideologic or intellectual reasons, but because helium admires his brother and atomic number 2 wants to belong to. one night iii black youths break into derek ' s motortruck, which be exactly what derek has been wait for. exterior in his shorts and his tattoo, atomic number 2 shoot them all. the third would - constitute thief, unarmed, be only wounded. in the cardinal prospect of the plastic film, derek control the kid into a position where he can be killed with unity glorious, enthral, dreaded stomp. ( the merriment - spoiling nc - seventeen of orgazmo look even to a greater extent inappropriate, considering american history x was rated roentgen. what variety of country make up this that says sex clowning are a bigger threat to our youthfulness than brutal, ecstatic violence? ) the law arrive exactly as derek kills the last stealer. derek execute non resist the bull, and as they whirl him around to cuff him, the film slows down. derek raise his eyebrows and smiles at his slight brother in a chilling, sadistic, quenched grin. now in prison, derek face new challenges. as the ignominious valet in the laundry tells him, " in the joint, you the nigga, not me. " there personify a inner circle of hakenkreuz - wearing skinheads, just they are non interested in the ideology of white supremacy. they only expend the symbol as a means of determent. derek discover himself truly solo, genuinely in danger, and sincerely afraid. when derek lastly get proscribed of prison, he finds that his friends from the bunch have also shift. without derek ' s leadership, they have shunned the white supremacist political orientation for the white hot supremacist culture. information technology is the final factor that makes him realize how badly he ' s screw upward. in the end, helium spends quality time with be brother trying to undo the respect and appreciation he had in the beginning inspired in danny. the film ends a small too deliberately, likewise neatly after the unchained emotion and violent glee of the rest period of the picture, but it scarce detracts from the overall experience. edward norton gives an oscar - suitable performance. although some of his dialogue seemed to constitute written without decent judgment of conviction, norton ' s performance compensated. ( an lesson that comes to mind is his pep public lecture before looting the memory board. ) he also catch the kernel of an older brother. atomic number 2 took his responsibility as a role simulation to his younger blood brother real in earnest, very lovingly, both before and after his change of heart. though clearly non for all tastes, this film follow bold and daring. the subject subject is ugly, cruel, and at times hard to calculate at. even so its subjects are part of humanity ' second great cheek. kaye gives united states a good look at this fascinating, if distasteful, american subculture. 