so here is the arcsecond of 1999 ' s remakes of graeco roman repugnance movies. the maiden was the dense, pathetic but o.k. remake of the classic ' the haunting '. now comes the extremely awaited remake of firm on haunted alfred hawthorne. the classic which star vincent cost as a man who pay a mathematical group of people one c, 000 to stay in his house. if they survive the nighttime they suffer the money. if not well you experience the jurisdiction. having not even so get a line the film (dvd on its way) i wasn ' t sure if i would really like the remaking. but sure enough information technology comes through and has a big plot line to fall back on. geoffrey boot (in a fantastic role with an incredible performance) is steven toll, the owner of an amusement mungo park destined to fright the card prohibited of people. his wife evelyn price live throwing a political party with her friends. steven dismays at the idea and make his own inclination. someway someone, or something changes that list and quintet former people are invite to the party. eddie (taye diggs) an ex - baseball player, sarah (ali carter) an ex - assistant who can re - wire anything, genus melissa (brigette wilson) a public lecture - show host in sorts, dr. blackburnian warbler (peter ghallager ), and watson (chris kattan) a smart - mouthed humorist in way. what he be gonna do be yield these five people 1, 000, 000 dollar if they crapper go done the night. if they can they catch the money, if not well they put on ' t. the firm on haunted hill used to be an insane psychiatric hospital. years before mental patient broke out and killed the dr. there, force him to lock the place upward because if he died, so did they. everyone who be in there burned to death. now it is steven terms ' s home and he be throwing this party for these little phoebe citizenry. what starts forbidden as a on the face of it normal night, turns into a horrifying, lineage splash night. the deep dark secret of what really happened in that asylum and why those guests constitute really in that location are unveil. one - by - one the people startle to disappear. conspiracies commence to turn upward, and steven price finds out that his house may cost awake after all. the people find rooms, which once contain mental patient. room which once had people die. rooms which may still curb these mass. immediately these 5 people must try and survive the night and try and endure the house, and they moldiness subsist each other with terrorfying result. since i officially haven ' t seen the original i give the axe ' t articulate which is good. atomic number 53 can say notwithstanding i liked this movie. geoffrey haste gives a unity in a million performance as the ample steven price, and does a great task doing a vincent damage role. famke jansen as his wife be great and even kind of eerie at times. ali carter and taye diggs kind of become the principal fibre and ali carter world health organization debuted in first team blues chip in a fantastic performance here as do taye diggs. chris kattan give america great comic relief and the film contains a lot of laughable melodic phrase. peter ghallager and brigette e. o. wilson be great as intimately and gave commanding carrying out as potential victims. the plot of land was well conceived and was real absorbing. the motion picture accept atmosphere the whole way through that is raise up and creepy, and still sometimes downright scary. iodine find out even the possibility credits to me a little ominous. one thing i knew not to bear personify a ' haunting ' type movie with special effects galore. still though information technology had fantastic bloodshed and special force, the movie has only a xix one thousand thousand dollar budget, which doesn ' s show all the way through but you put up tell. the flick was written well, and information technology ' s only major flaw is the nether - highly developed characters and plot holes that we are left with. the ending is quite an apt and some crataegus laevigata not even get it. unity must say planetary house on haunted benny hill was a surprise. i was gestate another haunting with special core, no scares and a dumb end. rather atomic number 53 found a good halloween picture with gore, scare and great acting. house on frequent hill is one of those movies you genuinely potty ' t take seriously. though it is a considerably - made movie with a good plot line information technology still has some flaw. but besides that the movie be fun, smart and scary and take a leak united states wonder why remakes corresponding this can ' t comprise made all the fourth dimension! 