you ' d think it would be easy to spoof star trek, but stress parody it without cruelly mocking information technology. that ' s a bit to a greater extent difficult. the implausible sci - fi series is, after all, enormously popular, what with it mammoth buff al qaeda and ongoing installment both on television and in movies. if you ' re not courteous to it, you lose. galaxy quest is to star trek what mel brook ' s spaceballs be to star wars, an affectionate, riotously rum parody that freely takes jabs at various elements of information technology subject but never seems mean - spirited or malintentioned. " the show ' reciprocal ohm be cancelled, just the journeying is far from over. " that is the current tagline of " galaxy pursuit, " a star trek - eccentric show that ' s no longer produced simply lives on forever in reruns. it also lives on in convention, assemblage of the show ' s obsessional fans who never fail to dress out in " galaxy quest " costume and ask absurdly consistent questions about its delirious technobabble. jason nesmith (tim gracie allen) played " commander st. peter the apostle quincy taggart " on the appearance and is the only one of the cast who still gets excited astir the gigs they have to dress. the attitudes of the rest - - tommy webber (daryl mitchell, gwen demarco (sigourney weaver ), fred kwan (tony shalhoub) and alexander dane (alan rickman) - - range from impassiveness to utter contempt. dane, world health organization play a spock - like alien, is especially disgusted, considering himself above his demeaning caper and stubbornly refusing to recite his character ' s cheesy stylemark line " by grabthar ' s hammer, you shall be avenged " (or something like that) for his dice - intemperate fans. one day, nesmith be greeted by an especially fanatical group of " galaxy quest " follower. they are actually aliens from a major planet known as thermia. they have mistaken the " galaxy quest " episodes for historic documentation of actual heroic verse blank space travelling. the following day, the thermians whisk nesmith away to a starship to assist them defeat the vicious sarris (distinguish, in one of the moving picture ' s only mean - spirited laugh, after village voice film critic andrew sarris ). nesmith thinks it is solely an elaborate spear, and sort of blows information technology remove, but when atomic number 2 cost transported - - oregon i should say shot - - back to earth in a rather celestial manner, helium believes. next thing the hurl knows, they be being dragged by nesmith to this spaceship. of course of instruction, they all think he is out of his mind and once atomic number 2 does convince them that there really is a spaceship, what they require to get along be get out of there as tight as the transporters will take them. but after some persuading, they last out on to fight the crappy sarris and see a way to provide a peaceful existance for the flailing thermians. i was rather surprised how comfortably this clowning, which come off as utterly brainless from its marketing campaign, worked. taking scene at both the obvious and not - so - obvious component of superstar trek and it fandom, galaxy quest ne'er goes for cheap laughs, opting instead for broad but voguish mockery. nil is safe - - not the cliches, not the fans, not the nonsensical taglines - - but on the other hand, everything is safe, since galaxy quest treat its subject with double dyed deference and sometimes yet subtle wonder. the highlight of the moving picture live tony shalhoub ' s fred a. k. a. tech sergeant subgenus chen world health organization, when in character, is the over opposite of scotty from the original genius trek. while scotty, who was the technician for the endeavour would constantly yell " i need more than power down pat hither sea captain! ", chen ' s yell for assist is to a greater extent to the tune of " the burden, alike, won ' t take it operating theater something. " it ' s a damn, but it doesn ' t stoppage there: weaver, whose character has the menial task of echo everything the computer says and rickman, with his relentlessly holy - than - thou attitude aren ' liothyronine far behind. galaxy quest succeeds as a funny parody of star trek and while it ' s not a masterpiece - - it tends to waver in its more grave moment - - information technology is vastly entertaining fluff and excellent counterprogramming to all the sober oscar contenders being released this holiday season. by grabthar ' s cock, this is a hell of a flick. 