available in an all young video edition from arrow entertainment ($ twenty nine. 95 ), with an introduction by david carradine, indite & produced by wayne watt second. keeley f. w. murnau ' s life history stop unhappily and prematurely. the german director of such classics as " sunrise " and " the final laugh " died in a machine accident shortly after signing a deal to make american motion picture at paramount. murnau was reportedly a giant man, easily over 6 feet, a soaring figure probably incapable of anything but a grand entry. which brings america to " nosferatu: a symphony of horror ": surely he feel a kinship with his form of address character, the loom vampire embodied by intimidating max schreck; in one of the most indelible images in film history, silent or otherwise, schreck rises from his grave, gnarled hands outstretched, and he ' s so braggart that part of his head is cropped by the top of the frame. the plot of ground of " nosferatu. .. " is lifted - - unauthorised - - from bram bram stoker ' s " genus dracula ". the british hutter is an eager real estate world assigned to inflict and discuss succeeding living arrangements with count orlock of transylvania. he allow behind girlfriend emily, only to discover orlock ' reciprocal ohm secret - - he ' s a bloodsucker - - and struggle to return to england before the nosferatu reaches his lady love. in addition to schreck ' s performance, the filming and effects are great. arrow picture ' second digitally remastered interlingual rendition of the classical is something of a mixed - casket. the cover nontextual matter features a red - tinge, hairy, goateed vampire staring straight at you, his fanged mouth agape love, while the body of two sexy, wrestle women entice you below. problem be, murnau ' s demon is pale - face, bald, pointy - eared, and non - goateed, and there isn ' t a single sexy, writhing woman to be find in his movie. this sort of misleading packaging makes niggling gumption when single recalls the countless routine of ghouslish scenes in the flick from which cool cover art could have represent extracted. additionally, notifying the viewer that this make up in fact murnau ' s film seems like afterthought since his gens and the unfeigned title are written in small photographic print below our goateed lamia. that said, a practiced mastering job has been performed on the picture show itself. the original constituent are non in the best shape - - non - studio silent movie represent ill fated in their preservation - - so we ' re withal dealing with a slightly washed away, scratched, jittering image. but at least the mean solar day and night scenes embody tinted sepia and dingy, respectively, particularly helpful to an audience world health organization may question nosferatu ' s waltzing around during what seems like sunlight (information technology took a lot of light to let out stock in the xx ). the title cards have be redone, and they are legible, precise, and digitally alter to flitter - - a real nice touch. ( even the hatchway copyright warn flickers! ) the score make cost replace by medicine from type type o negative, a hard - sway group, arguably gothic, and their songs underscore the film nicely - - certainly the coolest video a band can buoy ask for. when our zep, hutter, inaugural steps onto the fated pushchair to count orlock ' s castling, we hear a well - timed " immediately you ' re dead! " from lead singer prick steele. david carradine makes an appropriately vampiric legion; he fiddles with a vane and cane while introducing the picture show. after the feature, which runs about sixty three minute of arc, comprise include a new music video from type atomic number 8 negative, the black - and - white fang - fest " bleak no. i ". of course, " nosferatu: a symphony of revulsion " comprise the main attractiveness, and while my latest viewing raised questions (why is the woman called emily in the title cards but " mina " - - as bram stoker called her - - in hutter ' s letters? , for instance ), it made me realise how much this movie make inspired and be stolen from. francis ford coppola ' s 1992 " bram stoker ' s dracula " owes a great stylistic debt to murnau ' s chef d'oeuvre, but the one matter information technology couldn ' t thieve was the original ' s synopsis charms. this latest avatar from arrow volition in all probability - - same the rescored " urban center " a few years back - - turn a silent moving picture into more palpable entertainment for the latest generation of movie freaks. 