warren beatty ' s " bulworth " live a acrid political drollery that doesn ' t attack any special political group, just rather the ingrained hollowness that has infected the american political system. some might think this film is unwashed, and in many ways information technology be. notwithstanding, as loud and raucous as it be, " bulworth " speaks the truth, which be almost constantly ugly to get word. beatty, who directed the film and co - wrote the book with jeremy pikser (" the lemon sisters " ), stars as incumbent u. s. senator jay billington bulworth, world health organization has unrivalled of the good politician gens in cinema history. bulworth is a democrat, and in beatty ' s scene, he be symbolic of everything that has gone wrong with the current democratic company. once an ideological progressive (like beatty still be ), bulworth has long since succumbed to the materialistic press of washington. instead of waging the battles for the impoverished and the downtrodden, which was one time the call card of democrats, bulworth has become another sell - verboten money hound - if he ' s not accept illegal bribes from the insurance lobby or taking campaign contribution from the chinese, atomic number 2 ' s making wind - bag speeches that start with the amusingly clintonesqe statement, " america comprise standing on the doorsill of a new millennium. ... claptrap, bombast, blah. " when the film opens, it is a few mean solar day before the 1996 primary election, and bulworth be sitting at his desk weeping because he realizes how corrupt he have become. in a fit of desperation, he take out a $ 10 million lifespan indemnity insurance policy from a dirty insurance rep played by paul sorvino (part of a shady lobby deal to kill a lowering bill in committee ), and then hires a hit man to belt down him, although atomic number 2 doesn ' triiodothyronine know who the assassin will be, or when the hit will take place. knowing that he leave soon be dead, bulworth unleashes his own brand of political rhetoric on the world, which is made astir of politically incorrect truths about the land of american government and the society in general. at a arthur holly compton church, he tells the group of african - american english that they will have no power in the u. s. unless they " put drink down that malt liquor and gallus gallus wing, and get behind somebody other than a running back world health organization stabs his wife. " later, in a peculiarly hilarious sequence, bulworth mix with the hollywood elite, so insults the quality of their movies and informs them that the only reason he ' s there follow because " my guys always set the big jews on my agenda. " all throughout this physically and politically suicidal escapade, bulworth ' s chief of faculty, dennis murphy (oliver platt ), follow behind in a state of invariant shock and bewilderment. platt has some of the movie ' s comical scene, as atomic number 2 take a crap white potato into a politically savvy simply nonetheless clueless assistant who is forced to watch his own career teeter at the brink of being flushed down the toilet. his incessant half - truth - telling and spin - doctoring to cover bulworth ' s stampede is match in its perversion only by a self - righteous reporter (nora dunn) world health organization acts like spud ' s refusal to explicate bulworth ' s actions (something he real cannot doctor of osteopathy) is somehow an act of treason. when bulworth decides he wants to live after all, and therefore must constantly evade a grim - looking assassin to be world health organization ' s trail him at every turn, helium hides out in the ghetto, sodding with a stereotypical gangsta wardrobe which helium wears to one of his television interviews. at this point, beatty abandon much of the political aspect and dives into a cartoonish exploration of the opprobrious inner - city experience. bulworth become friendly with a young grim woman named nina (halle berry ), world health organization he meet at the harlem church rally. she has a hard - babble brother who embody deep in debt to a local gangster named l. vitamin d. ( get into cheadle of " boogie night " ), who also become involved in bulworth ' s crusade. some of the picture in the ghetto ring true, but much of information technology feel like a lighter version of scenes depicted in more intense interior - city motion picture show like " boyz ' n ' cowl " (1991) and " menace ii society " (1993 ). " bulworth ' s " tribal chief liability equal beatty ' s imperativeness on having his character follow a inapt style of pat as his unexampled communication device. instead of speaking at political rallies, he breaks into a kind of rhythmless pat style that comprise a reminder of why about all hip - hops stars be black. it ' s hard to tell whether beatty is being humorous by being so forged, or whether atomic number 2 ' s really that incompetent person. at any rate, the rap sounds to a greater extent run d. mb. coke. than snoop doggy dogg, which makes the moving picture seem date instead of modern day. beatty would have been better off simply adopt some of the internal - urban center lingo and work that into his manner of speaking, instead of hear to sound like l. l. coolheaded j. former than that, " bulworth " hits all information technology aim with wry, hilarious accuracy. the film is like a letter turkey to the democratic party, and even if you don ' t agree with beatty ' s liberal subject matter about the unrequited duty of the federal government, it is strong to deny the impact the film has in exploring the monetary and moral debauchery that infests innovative political sympathies. unlike " primary colors " which opened earlier this year, " bulworth " doesn ' t try to tap - toe around the sincerely painful issuing that gain close to home - instead, it take them all in - on. 