as a revolutionary war hero in the patriot, mel gibson supply another macho humankind public presentation for hollywood audiences. you know the type: his shirt embody e'er shredded, his fount always scarred, he has a easy place for his loved ones and a " to kill " list for his foeman. oscar - hungry director / executive manufacturer roland emmerich did non designate to, but he create the stereotypical action hero for the 18th c. as charles dana gibson delivers lines like, " before this war be over, i am going to kill you, " schwarzenegger in commando or stallone in cobra immediately come to bear in mind. oddly enough, the patriot follow equally much an epic three - 60 minutes - tear - fest same prizefighter, as information technology is a ninety - minute of arc guilty pleasance. at clip ingest, at others enjoyably bland, this is good, flaming summer fun. i probably would make despised this film had it non be released all over the july 4th weekend. some of the images be so zealously americanized (the sword lily is used as a lifesaving weapon for example ), that independence twenty four hours seems the alone appropriate fourth dimension of year to wholeheartedly accept it. like emmerich ' s id4, this is obvious propaganda where the american are the hapless underdog actuate by freedom for all. sure information technology ' s predictable and melodramatic, just for a moment after leaving the theatre of operations, one was dumbfounded with nationalism. and isn ' t that the point of the nationalist? gibson plays benjamin steve martin, the lionized gallic and indian warfare veteran, who, at the beginning of the cinema, is emotionally suffer after his sleep together wife pass on away. he be provide to father vii tiddler at his south carolina estate along with black servants (non slaves! ). as the revolutionary war grumbling miles aside, martin swears to keep his household closely and out from the battlefields. but when the oldest son enlists anyway and another is murdered by a wicked lobsterback colonel (jason isaacs ), martin cursorily settle to write the day (oregon save the fate of united states of america as presented by emmerich ). forming a band of aggressive farmers and using insurgent tactics considered unfair in the fine art of warfare, martin become the numeral one target of the british army. the best division of the patriot make up the scenes in which martin and his rugged militia men outsmart the british armies get out and right. every time the farmers assail the unsuspicious enemy, to see the disbelief on british world wide cornwallis ' (tom wilkinson) grimace was invaluable entertainment. and as the tension gradually formulate with the run time, a final struggle is inevitable. as for the numerous battle scenes, they are expertly do. clearer and more realistic than those of gladiator, the gruesome image are what pay this picture show an roentgen rating. you really get a sense of how war be performed during that time point. everything is performed in an orderly (but still quite slaughterous) mode - unity side shoot, then the former position, then the stay soldiers charge. information technology ' s organized, strategic and, according to martin, inefficient. at that place personify a very interesting demarcation between the traditional battle style and st. martin ' s take - no - prisoners method. what drive martin to these supposedly unfair action, are the originally brutal tactics of colonel tavington. played superbly by jason isaacs, tavington is the eccentric who loves to glare pour down from his sawbuck at civilians, world health organization nervously avoid eye contact. this persona exist viciously vicious; he kills women and nestling and then express joy about it on the path home; even his eye are evil. his portrayal have sparked some controversy in britain, some claim that he incorrectly represents his countrymen as " cowardly " and " sadistic. " i disagree with this charge. tavington does non represent his country; his unnecessary executions shock his own colleagues and even see red his worldwide. besides tavington, the redcoats rest stick figure that are neither canonized nor patronized. and stick figures realize the easiest foe in these kinds of movies - why contribute the audience a understanding to enjoy the bad guys? heck, wherefore not spend the entire film color upwards the skillful guys? the patriot is three hour of fictional pyrotechnic. with an action hero seeking revenge and a comic book villain ready to postulate him go through, information technology ' s a lethal weapon for the colonial clock time. god bless america! and god bless the nationalist! 