urban center of angels be the kind of love write up that i enjoy the most: think - provoking, moving, and completely unsentimental. atomic number 53 find information technology interesting that this film has been release the like twenty four hours as my giant, which is a cinema that is undone completely by its wretched drippiness. city of angels is a wondrous film, enhanced by worry and well - rounded reference and some of the most immersive imagery of the last match of age. information technology ' s a sexual love story that take the familiar angel themes and makes them young and necessary to the floor, and avoids most of the commonplace we ' re so expend to seeing in films like this. city of angels be an apparently loose remake of wim wenders ' 1988 film wings of desire. iodine hold so far to find wing of desire, so ane am, unfortunately, unable to make a comparison of the two. i have heard, notwithstanding, that city of angel equal unalike from the original in legion ways, which create me glad that this picture show international relations and security network ' t a rip - off of it source material. nicolas john milton cage jr. sensation as seth, an angel world health organization, like all of his angel counterparts, is present to lead the die to heaven (or somewhere just like it ). one day, he is forced to have the life of a patient of dr. maggie timothy miles bindon rice (meg ryan ), and his attention is called to her. the angels can piss themselves seen to man, but they ass ' t experience any of the pot (most significantly, touch ). he shows himself to maggie, and she falls for him, unaware that helium is slightly unavailable because of his phantom status. set wants to become human so helium prat feel her. that ' s when he take on nathaniel messinger (dennis franz ), " onetime celestial courier and recent addition to the human race. " ( as a side note, single found messinger to represent the most fascinating character, for ace can only imagine how incredibly liberating it moldiness be to live do it what lies beyond death. ) messinger explains to seth that information technology is possible for holy man to become human. seth manages to win over maggie that he is an angel (1 have a go at it, it sound ridiculous, simply the conniption in which she finds out is exceptionally well - done ); after much deliberation, she tells him that she could only be with a man who can find. this, of course, be when seth decides to shoot the plunge (literally) from a building; when he awake up from the fall, he is human, and happy to feel what it ' s alike to cause a split lip and blood oozing from his forehead. since i make out this film hence much, ane ' ll make a pocket sized note that information technology certainly isn ' t perfect. although information technology is original and mesmerizing, it does devolve prey to a few of the cliches of the literary genre. the plotting of the write up by author dawn steel cost rather formulaic (though the detail be what reach the story excellent, and sword has do a great job with them ). the stop, as well, could have be more powerful and less predictable. these element are minor, though, and scarcely detracted from my overall enjoyment of city of angels. the acting is superb from everyone involved. this be perhaps my second - preferent performance from cage (my front runner be the rock'n'roll ). he ' s quiet and pensive, and his eye be engaging when he speak his softly - toned words. he ' s perfect for a theatrical role like this, and at the like time atomic number 2 assure us helium ' s not bound by playing the psycho (though he is practiced at it, as he show in look / off ). meg ryan be a powerful, enticing, and appealingly - chirpy actress, and her workplace here make up some of her good. dennis franz, withal, bargain all of his scenes as the energetic other - saint. what i admire nearly about metropolis of angel is its overall presentation. conductor brad silberling be a talented man, and atomic number 2 knows that a narrative like this is driven by the fiber, quite than squeeze sentimentality. his direction is steady, and helium evidence this in just about every view: near the beginning, maggie get to enjoin a female parent and her two children that their father of the church be dead. there is no euphony oregon elaborate camera work; we but come across the reactions of the characters to the information. this is the way story should be tell, and the strength of scenes resonates more completely when the emotions be real. the celluloid also appeals to the sense in a way that few love stories do. cameraman john seale (the english patient) provides some of the most stunning images i ' ve seen on the big screen: century of black - clad angels support on a dim beach in the former morning 60 minutes (hardly as an deterrent example ). the music, by gabriel yared (likewise of the english patient ), is consummate for this photographic film: it ' s muted and dwight lyman moody music (but not sentimental! ), and adds to the atmosphere and tone nicely. the visual presentation of city of angels is easily the best of 1998 then far. all of this adds upwards to a moving picture that is forthwith set apart from other extremity of this genre. it ' s a film that trust on character development and imagination to get the narrative across - - the excellent actors and the professional production value do city of angels unmatched of those rare films that both entertains and instigates thought simultaneously. 