it be a rainy friday afternoon in christopher columbus when i persuade a friend to see a matinee performance of mst3k: tm. he have ne'er escort any episode of the appearance, and i have take in a scant few, due to it unsocial airtime on comedy central and the mismatched nature of many of the episodes. for those of you non intimate with the premise, dr clayton forrester (beaulieu) wish to take over the man by finding the worst motion picture show ever made and unleashing it upon an unsuspicious populace. to achieve this, he (in the words of the tv series ' theme, which be missing in the movie) " bumped [mike nelson (admiral nelson) ] on the dome and then shot him into distance ", and is monitoring nelson ' s reactions to the film he is forced to hold out. rather than buckle under to the sheer dreadfulness of many of the motion picture, nelson spends his time making crack with the aid of his two robot companions, tom servosystem and crow t. golem. the format of the show consist of nelson, servo and crow making their comments while silhouetted against the movie being look on, and breaks every 20 minutes or so for segments set on the satellite of sexual love, the ship on which our heroes are maroon. simply two things are different in the picture: the absence of forrester ' s sidekick, tv set ' s wienerwurst, and the dull pace of the jokes. this latter change is presumptively deliberate to avoid the viewing audience miss some of the honest lines while express mirth from the previous jest. for their big blind outing, the producers bear chosen " this island earth ", a 1954 classic, and one of the beginning sf films to have a especial effect budget larger than the mediocre grocery bill. unfortunately for that film (just making it idealistic mst3k fodder ), playact and dialogue appear to have take a back seat to the effects which, by today ' siemens standards, are less than telling. nelson & co. wee wee jokes astir everything from japan ' s dominance in the human race market, to star trek, to the state of disrepair of seattle ' s kingdome, and most of them work. unfortunately, the section jell outside the satellite ' s movie theater seem ko'd of place and aren ' t specially funny, but at least they ' re somewhat short. the large question about this movie though embody: why? i dare it was an attempt to gain a larger following to keep support behind the series (rumours of its imminent demise circulated for some time before the plug was eventually pulled a few months ago ), but the format gains nothing from its modulation to the big screen - - there are no special effects to dazzle you, no action sequences to keep you on the edge of your can, and no economic consumption of digital environs sound. so, it seems pointless to spend $ 8 per mortal to see this flick when in a few months it will be out on television and you can buoy watch information technology for $ 3, and not have to sit in a room full of popcorn addicts. nevertheless, mst3k: tm provides more laugh - out - loud opportunities than any movie you ' re pass away to see this yr, and i exhaustively recommend it to anyone with a pulsation. given information technology uniqueness, i hesitate to grade it against other films, but information technology fulfils its claim and hence in the class of " unsubtle comedy films whose joke come at the expense of sorry b - motion picture " it does well. 