expect at the train post near the start of fury, joe enunciate: ` after all, we ' re human. ' in the context of events to transpirate, joe ' s line is prophetic, prefigure the internal dispute of the supporter in the latter half of the film. does being human needfully mean humane behavior? done the despicableness of human character instance in the shaping of a rabble, fritz lang prompts the viewer to regard whether our inclination towards impulsiveness supersedes our civility. expressing his abhorrence towards the rise of nazism in his fatherland, lang takes neat care in creating a sense of discomfort during the scenes of mob hysteria. in the scene introduce the lynching, the mob achieves critical the great unwashed at the bar. deputy meyers is brought in as an exalted informant, just when he is ineffectual to augment the mob ' s myth of joe, he is promptly renounced from his view as townspeople gossip. we consider in a shot where ii bar patrons are arguing that the lieutenant looks around nervously at the grow monster and then carefully slide knocked out of the bar. what is restfully horrifying is the realisation by both the audience and the deputy that the bunch no more longer exists within the confines of rationality and has knuckle under to what the barber referred to as impulse. what once was inflammation to the surrogate have turned into fear with the realization that helium is at once powerless. to the consultation, the deputy sheriff ' s quiet exit concurs with their ain sinking impression of uneasiness as the mob ' s delirium crescendos. lang derive this discomfort not done movement of the camera, only rather its stillness. the shot ' s composition identify the audience equidistant and directly across from the brace of arguing patron and the deputy efficaciously get a mirror to our own apprehensions. as the strength of the mob closes around deputy meyers, information technology does so around the spectator as considerably. the stationary tv camera in this shot heightens our fearfulness because when the deputy escapes, we are desert by our reflection and the viewer become the sole proprietor of sensitiveness amongst a swarm of unreason. because the camera does not track the deputy sheriff ' s movement, we be left with an amplified perceptual experience of desertion and exposure. as the bar scene build, the tv camera pans 180 arcdegree to let out the fury of the mob. this shot is unique because it is a distributor point - of - position stroke where the consultation, non a theatrical role in the film be the subject. while a long, or dolly shot may objectively reveal the size of it of the ring, panning from the mob ' entropy belly distorts the audience ' s spacial acknowledgment and exaggerates the claustrophobia of the panorama; we sense we are at the epicenter of something infinitely large. we pick up close fitting shot of people ' s faces, contorted by their rage. with the pivot of the pan being in the sum of the mob and angry members within a short radius of the cooking pan, lang offers the watcher a sense of what it feels like to be the guinea pig of a lynching. in this shot the audience is at the mercy of the mob; lang ' s camera do us sense vulnerable and powerless as joe must induce finger in the jail. in some greater gumption, it must birth been what lang felt when he take in his countryman overcome with unjustifiable hatred towards their ain humankind. lang ' s observations of his fellow man succumbing to mob behaviour left him with an indelible image of malevolent human behavior. as joe faces his peril, trapped in his burning mobile phone, his andiron rainbow rushes to be by his incline. lang stimulate rainbow a martyr to contrast his humanity against the foolhardiness of his human counterparts. using his camera to create shots that extract disturbing range of a function of mob mentality, lang depicts man ' s volatility and ` impulse ' towards inconceivable inhuman treatment. reprise joe ' s bank line at the train station, we equal induced to interview why our primeval impulses and so easily top our humanity. 