similar the great musical pieces of mozart himself, amadeus is a true piece of work of nontextual matter. it be unmatched of those few movies of the 80 ' s that will constitute make out for information technology class, it manner, and its intelligence. wherefore is this such a good film? there are most excessively many reasons to explain. the story: court composer salieri (farad. murray abraham) feels waves of unlike emotions croak through his head as wolfgang amadeus mozart (tom hulce) comes into his life as the young wizardry composer. salieri feels invidia, and jealousy, only at the like time be fascinated with mozart ' s brilliance and clever. we locomote through mozart ' s life story as a composer, through his struggles, his triumphs, and ultimately, his death. the acting: ibrahim is magnificient as salieri; his acting range enable him to focus on each private emotion and express mail information technology through his speech and organic structure language. this operation earned him a well merited oscar. tom hulce is interesting equally well as wolfgang amadeus mozart, a quirky, gravel bratty kidskin with an vex laugh. atomic number 2 ' siemens strong, but weak at the like clip, and must cost aided by his wife (elizabeth berridge ), world health organization is good in her role, but lacks striking depth. jeffrey jones, in a lowly, more self respectful role than such roles in stay tune up and mammy and dad save the world, is cast perfectly because of his noble magic spell. the motion picture show: every factor of this movie works. the costumes and makeup make up very memorable, as well as it arresting art direction, and unforgettable score (accommodate from mozart ' s original music ). while wolfgang amadeus mozart was a genius at music, milos forman examine with his film that he live a genius of filmmaking. this picture is a classic that will be remember for year to come. ad2am " unity almost lost my nozzle. .. and iodin like it. i same breathing through information technology. " - jackstones nicholson, chinatown 