armageddon, in itself, symbolise everything that is wrong in modern filmmaking. stories give birth be replaced with special effects; case developing gets shadow by bad dialogue; plotting consists of a bunch of shit getting blown up. armageddon be as stupid, as loud and every bit shallow as any pic you ' ll see come out this summertime, or perchance even any early summertime. but i have it off every freak minute of it. believe me, i ' m just equally shocked as you be. hell, i put on ' t still lie with why i went to see information technology in the first position. the previews live thus gravel that i predicted this was going to be the bad cinema of the year, operating theater at least in the running. i ' m sorry, but " somebody dial 911! !! " isn ' t quite a the tagging that ' s going to sell a movie. information technology isn ' triiodothyronine besides wise either to market the film using the movie ' randomness stupidest line (" beam maine improving scotty " - yeah, that sure live not bad writing. .. ). i think of, let ' s face it; armageddon ' s preview rival the harry truman show ' randomness as equal some of the risky of the year. neither of them even follow close to doing their respective films doj. of course, you all bed the story. when the earth is threatened with total annihilation via an asteroid the size of lone star state, nasa yell in the us ' s top rock oil drillers (!) to go into place (!) and implant a nuclear device viii - c and someodd feet into the asteroid (! ). in the coarse of whole this mayhem, we be premise to some interesting - and not so interesting - characters. belong to the former chemical group is rockhound (steve buscemi ), a ruttish little womanizing hotshot who ' reciprocal ohm always full of wisecracks, even when flying into space at a vast measure of gm ' s. likewise, thither ' s the always cool - as - hell billy bob thornton as dan truman, the kingpin at nasa who enrol all the drillers. he sort of reminded me of ed zellig sabbatai harris in apollo 13, only without the saturation and keen lines to deliver. so on the flip side of the coin make up the tired, contrived character of harry stamper (bruce willis, who manage the whole movie employing with annoying accent unity can ' t quite plaza ), the leader of the pack equally well as liv tyler and ben affleck as the token lovers you must experience in any summer movie. basically, that ' s astir information technology. as i said, this is hardly a film astir patch. it ' s another summer megahit with plot points that are beyond unbelievable and dialog and character that are mostly all wooden. case in point: nasa doesn ' tonne know that there be even an asteroid on it ' s way until eighteen days before impact - huh? another example: at i level in the movie, two children are dally with toy space shuttle in front of a poster of jack kennedy. how ostentatious is that? ?? !!! desire another one? okay; before the oil drillers blast away into space, nonpareil of them starts singing " leaving on a jet plane ", and soon, completely the rest junction in. did michael bay serve the schooling of silly filmmaking before he made this picture? but of course, whole this sappiness, melodrama and special effects accumulate to one bitchin ' clock time at the pic. and don ' t find me wrong - despite all of the thing i found wrong with armageddon, iodine even rattling much enjoyed it. and so even if you don ' t win one of mcdonald ' s free ticket, information technology ' s still unquestionably worth checking out. 