i avow iodine have seen the edge before. in fact, information technology reminded me of the bear, the river wild, and other various films mix into an entirely different plastic film. however, the edge has fare something that most action motion picture should do, and that is add heart and characters we like to the plot of land. in doing so, the edge draws many more than suspenseful moments out of cliched vista than, enjoin, the peacemaker. unfortunately, because of those overused moment, we can pretty much shot the outcome of the film. only bequeath it to screenwriter david david mamet to impart humor and a few surprises to mess up with your head. one surprise, in particular, left me smiling just because mamet really had the gut to add it to his hand. action films be a dime bag a xii in hollywood, and while they are somewhat successful at flirt with us, they lack the one matter which would make them a more respected musical style: intelligence. yet repugnance moving picture have learned this, a genre which is belike the least respected of them all. the river wild be one of the best legal action / suspense motion picture show i suffer seen from the xc. the intelligence of the screenplay, and the suspense drawn from the naturalistic characters be nearly unmatched to this clarence day. the edge has the intelligence service and smart role, but this meter the deficiency of originality is the downfall. one moldiness admit that it was very nail biting, and had an original third half, but the first time of day and a half make up riddled with banality and patch hole. this is an exemplar of the final act saving the film, instead of the former way more or less (as in the bemused earth ). if solely the screenplay consume maintained the final thirty minutes ' intensity, information technology could have get a great natural process picture show (and 1 utilize the term loosely ). the edge be pretty much a survival - of - the - fittest movie. but taking screech ' s lead, the edge makes merriment of the musical genre ' s cliches, and then uses them (though non rather as effectively ). charles morse (anthony mark hopkins) be the main character, a rich and real well informed man world health organization marvel what the accruement of all this knowledge has brought to him. for once, we don ' t immediately care for the principal reference. or else, we like bob (alec stanley baldwin ), a photographer world health organization be hold out to take pictures of charles ' wife, mickey (elle macpherson ), away in the wild. they dining table a plane and head to a cabin somewhere in the gumshoe. charles ' birthday is the like day, and helium obtain a gold watch from his wife, and a pocket tongue from cork. as action motion picture show go, these item do have grandness to the rest of the story, but quite a morsel more than we first expect. presently, nonetheless, bob want to happen a native to shoot pictures of because of his " personality. " charles, bob, bob ' s assistant steve (harold perrineau ), and the archetype head off to find him, and as show up in the preview, impinge on a flock of birds pilot south for the winter. down the plane goes, the pilot be killed, and the trey exist leave to hold out in the wilderness. manager leeward tamahori is aware of the goofy plot which is astir to follow, and therefore have to make original ways to approach the situations. he come through often enough for us to enjoy the photographic film. take, for instance, the entire man - hound bear game. this has been behave many times in films with different creature, and yet bears. but given the charles ' intelligence, and dock ' s uncertainty, many of the cliche are give impudent twisting. still charles himself seems to have visualize these action film before. my favorite line of the film comes from charles the great: " most masses buy the farm in the wilderness because they didn ' thymine do the nonpareil thing that could save their life. .. imagine. " despite the predictability of the main plot, a subplot develops late in the film which took pine tree state by surprise, and made pine tree state smile when i realized that everything isn ' thyroxine as it seem anymore. atomic number 53 get to write cautiously as to not reveal this surprise, so instead i testament avoid information technology alone. the foremost two - thirds of the boundary get many humourous moments to push information technology along, and some of charles ix ' endurance techniques seem possible, yet making fire from ice. tamahori be capable to create a passel of suspense from the stalking bear, merely whenever the bear is present, the characters misplace all sensitivity. single have always wondered wherefore characters in plastic film walk over a log to get across water. wherefore not do what an reasoning person would and crawl across? i guess baffle chased by a bear create your thought process twist off for a while. gratefully, we already have begun to care for the type, and so we allow this small detail slide. merely some of the technical details follow awkward, such as the nice run up done on the fur coat that charles and bob create (where did they get thread and acerate leaf? ). the acting of the celluloid is extremely above average for a film of this nature, and borders on phenomenal. antony hopkins gives a grand performance, creating his most likable and layered character since cadaver of the daytime. sir anthony hopkins usually brings wideness to his roles, but hither he exceeds at gaining the hearing ' sympathy, something atomic number 2 definitely make not do in silence of the elia. alec james baldwin gives i of his best performances 1 have ever seen (it sure is better from his fair game ). james arthur baldwin seat be a good or a bad quality, and here he win at both in a path. you can ne'er quite guess if he is a gracious or a vllainous character until the end, and baldwin exist able bodied to handle the double - natured photographer. elle macpherson gives a good performance, albeit rebuff. she isn ' t in the film all that much, only for the scenes she dress sustain, she handles as an actress, not as a model. harold perrineau is a good role player, and his scenes equal nice and underplayed. helium is pass early, and i reveal nil by order this because it is inevitable and predictable. the edge is rated r for pictorial violence, some gore, and speech. some of the violence is a petty overly disturb, even for maine. this film is a squeamish change from the mindless action most of us be used to, but too many cliches bog information technology bolt down. director tamahori make created a very quiet and nail biting action film out of recycled parts. jacques louis david mamet ' s script, though, has a stack of humor to keep the 1st minute afloat, and the playacting is solid. the good affair about the hand is the ending which doesn ' t remnant with the normal gamey - strung action sequence, but with a small contingent involve a certain gift. information technology ' s a nice touch view what we have have to go through with the bear. and by the way, most people laugh when the film faded to black due to a declamatory credit to bart the bear. way to go, bart. 