ingredients: valet de chambre with amnesia who wakes upwards require for execution, dark skill fable city controlled by foreign beings with mental powers. synopsis: what if you woke up one 24 hour interval, and suspected you were non on earth, and instead were role of an experiment in a giant place terrarium manipulate by intergalactic stranger zookeepers? in dark city john murdoch (rufus sewell) have this problem. dark city jump out like a 1940s noir amnesia detective mystery. piteous john waken upwards with amnesia in a hotel way with a numb dame in one corner. a mysterious phone call severalise him to get the heck out of there, and soon plenty john the divine is chased all over town by a homicidal army of pale people in black trench - coat, as well as by the police, and the pertinacious inspector bumstead (william hurt ). be john lackland a murderer, and what can his missing memories state him? atomic number 2 searches through his ain wallet for possible contacts and clues. but when the clues get into ' t fit, information technology doesn ' metric ton precisely obscure him; it have john to go so far as to question the whole nature of reality in the dark metropolis. to john, something be fishy, and very unreal astir this urban center. how get it ' s ever darkness, and cipher seems to retrieve what they did this morning? and how come nonentity seem to remember how to give the city, or how to get to nearby shell beach? every night, around midnight, john notices that the whole city enters a state of suspended liveliness, and at this clip, creepy crawly foreign experimenter known as the ' alien ' come out and do nasty things like inject fake memories into people ' s heads with braggy hypodermic needle. the alien receive the power to ' tune, ' operating theatre warp reality using telepathic king. turns come out, the metropolis is not on earth at all. and the reason wherefore john doesn ' t fall victim to the nightly suspended animation, is because atomic number 2 is a human mutation that possesses the like god - like realness - warping power as the stranger. still with the help of scientist dr. daniel schreber, can john fill back the dark city? opinion: director alex proyas (atomic number 2 also lead the crow) mention this in the morose urban center press kit: in films, science fabrication is always " use to have big spaceships blow up urban center. i remember we ' re a little banal of that. " consort to director proyas, probably the most interesting thing astir disconsolate city personify information technology layers. it ' s designed so that you can watch the photographic film over again, and try information technology from the perspective of a primary character other than iris murdoch. it ' s a philosophic piece. cinematic science fiction be fundamentally a thinly mask shootout between the good human race and the bad extraterrestrial (whether they be klingons, giant bugs, operating room proponents of the dark side of meat of the force ). merely science fiction in books scope beyond the ' shoot - em - upwards ' level and direct the big motion, questions like who embody we? what be the human condition? what follow ethical? what would a rightful man being do? far from comic koran style on the order of spawn, batman, or the mutant ninja turtles, dark metropolis not only boast the showdown between good humans and powerful aliens, merely it also asks questions worthy of film such as brasil or blade runner. dark metropolis is what philosopher would call an existentialist screenplay. a little more than 200 age ago, the world was filled with unhappy bucolic - - unhappy because nearly every prospect of their lives was controlled by totalitarian, military, conformist, medieval government. the people take safety in religion, the idea live that earthly life was a time of hurt, but after death, heaven would comprise available. meanwhile, the state used these like ideas to prop up their regimes; the world beater was often head of the religion and consequently sanctioned by nirvana. when skill finally reverse religion, the medieval authoritarianism came tumbling down and were replaced by popular governments. but the new fear make up that the power of scientific discipline and experimentation would be apply to create a world holy order as darkly totalitarian as the old. this be the clock time period when writers and philosophers such as sigmund freud, kant, franz kafka, nietzsche, and dostoevsky mull what society should comprise, and what place the someone had in it. the existential philosopher ' in particular wrote astir the power of the lone individual against what may represent a hostile, indifferent, oregon alienated cosmos. in drab city, when the last place dying, vote out alien asks john murdoch why the aliens ' scientific experiments on the human beings ' brains failed, murdoch replies, point to his head, " because the human condition isn ' t locate in here. " 