the premiss of the new teen - targeted repulsion film ` terminal destination ' causes a anamnesis of a memorable ` wallis warfield windsor ' halloween installment. after try to fix a malfunctioning toaster, lovably ignorant paterfamilias homer realizes he has make a portable time - machine. after a trek into the cretaceous period, homer observes that any pocket size alteration made in that respect will erupt into a starling ernst boris chain of effect and seriously modify the present world. over again and again, homer toy with the master plan and pay dearly for information technology. the character of ` net address ' have also tampered with the blueprint schematics of their existence - their ` design '. someone exist after them with the strict intent of correcting the fault. that individual is death. you experience, alex browning (devon sawa) and six others make cheated the sick reaper. ... but the sheik receive got some tricks up his sleeve. for a mellow schooltime excursion, alex ' s gallic class is traveling to paris by airline ecstasy. alex, tense and psychoneurotic, has a shocking premonition after embarkation: he sees the plane, and every rider on it, spontaneously burst forth in mid - air. in a scare of sheer folly, alex charge his way through the aisle and demands removal from the aircraft. after a handful of others (including one teacher) follow and comprise deny accession back onto the aeroplane, the unwitting? survivors ' watch in horror as the planer actually explodes in the drizzling nox sky. the loony vision alex experiences does in reality materialize. only death won ' t live cheated and so easy, and one by one, the subsister of flight one hundred eighty be offed in mysteriously gruesome circumstances. the grisly slaying count baffles the local functionary and fbi. before i delve into the meat of the review, one ' five hundred just comparable to confabulate. ... is that one and only helluva premiss, or what? ` final destination ', creepy beyond rational comprehension, likely record more same an unsettling ` x - single file ' episode than ` the simpsons ' - therefore, the surprise is minimal when you discover the mutual creators behind both cost glen morgan and james wong. on familiar turf, the job of establishing terms be non difficult for morgan and wong, and the opening 20 moment of ` net name and address ' reflects that. unlike most thrillers, the set - up be frizzly and cool. you just profoundly, sincerely trust that the momentum pull ahead ' t unspool, leaving usa with a 2nd - string along effort with nothing but cheap, derivative shocks. new viewers have a palpable reason to expect this kind of formula deterioration, what with ` atomic number 53 know what you did last summertime ' and sequel, ` jobless hand ' and - - a movie with a nifty premise that just plunged like an anvil - - ` urban legend '. after the set - upwardly, when one remain slouched apprehensively in my chair, i initiate to really have fun with ` final address '. low and behold, a teen thriller that embody actually unsettling, really suspensive and - - yes - - actually intelligent. some splotty logic and a heap of characteristic music genre flaws aside, this film is among the most refreshing and all - kayoed enjoyable repugnance movies to inundate since the cutting - border ` sidesplitter ' in 1996. ` last destination ' stimulates the nerves and offers a elating revenge hit against wholly the blood - spattered slasher crap we ' ve run throughout the past few long time. non that the quality are that good. sawa is game as alex, a connect - the - dots personality that we never fully get the picture. in addition, the survivor are endearing geek tod (chad e. donella ), jocky control - freak carter (kerr smith of ` dawson ' s creek ' ), carter ' s ditzy girlfriend terry (amanda detmer ), the none - too - subtly discover billy sir alfred hitchcock (seann william scott, supplier of lukewarm comic relief) and a lone teacher - the emotionally delicate ms. lewton (kristin cloke ). aside from alex, the primary center of interest is intended to be ali larter (` first team amytal ' ), playing an abstract graphic symbol distinguish well defined rivers (what were her parents thinking? !? ). the personality of clear be written with such a vague, nebulous definition that she resembles a walking scud - card enjoin ` hello, i am the offbeat character designed to describe with the master fictitious character ' s plight! ' toss a few stereotypical fbi agentive role (daniel roebuck and roger guenveur julia evelina smith) and a. .. . ummm. .. ` spiritual ' mortician (erstwhile ` candyman ' tony sir alexander robertus todd) into the mix, and you get what could comprise another generic teenage frightfest with fade, dicing and assorted disembowelments. non so. ` final destination ' has no slicing and dicing, operating theater at least none dealt by a human killer, and the intellection of death itself as the unseen sneak is unequalled and frightening. the redundant dimension of disconcerting irony rejuvenates the decaying? manslayer - on - the - loose ' construct, with aid from a shrewd, intelligently paced screenplay by morgan, wong and jeffrey reddick. the plot of ground twists are fun and clever without toppling into gross absurdity (listen up, ` reindeer games ' ). but 1 suppose the most satisfying aspect of ` concluding destination ' be the slaying scenes. originative, resourceful and breathlessly imaginative, the decease sequences necessitate an unlikely string of result leading to a character ' s demise. what testament trigger the accident? will it personify the john mile high city record, merely put on to dally ` rocky mountain high '? ( yea, sick bodily fluid ). bequeath it be the leaking stool? the fall fishing reel in the box? the slaying are startling and mostly unforeseen, including one surprisal incident that made the audience saltation ko'd of their fundament and giggle nervously for roughly a minute afterward. a sense of empty headed unpredictability is contribute with this inventive approach. it gets sorta tasteless and cheap sometimes, but who care? it ' s play. in that simple regard, ` final destination ' is my loving cup of camellia sinensis. this stylishly executed thriller, although tagged with laughable circumstances and the occasional snip of crippled dialogue, represent an vastly entertaining outing to the dark position. after the show, it will as well get an frightening encroachment on you. when will your? blueprint ' expire? is dying waiting around the corner? the ` last ' force is a major suit of the heebie - jeebies. 