time bandit, from director terry cloth gilliam, is a very different fantasy action / adventure motion picture show about a group of time - move dwarves, lead by randall (david rappaport ), who have stolen a map of the universe. this map contains time hole, that, if exploit, enable the men to travel back and forth river through time. the sovereign being of the universe (ralph richardson) is the early employer of these hoarded wealth - seeking bandits, and he wishes urgently to regain the mathematical function.. during the locomotion, he appears as a ghostly face, demand that they return the map that they bear stolen. merely, fit in to randall, they are just " borrow " it. kevin, a untested boy who seems quite tire with his lifetime, is unexpectedly brought into the dodge of the little men when they appear in his way, which receive a portal for time travelling. he join up with the men and becomes region of their gang, following them on their robberies. their first dupe is napoleon (ian holm ), whom they overcharge during a conflict that he is commanding. from here, the radical travels to the middle ages, meet up with robin hood himself. eventually, kevin is separated from the group and locomotion to an egyptian clip where he constitute taken in by king agamemnon, play by sean connery. kevin accidentally saved the magnate ' s life, and the king regard to have kevin as his son. but the group of bandits find kevin and ecstasy onto the deck of the titanic. meanwhile, the evil mastermind (david warner) is watch the grouping from fortress of ultimate shadow, attempting to get a way in order to bring in the men, and the single valued function, to him. when randall learns of the fortress of ultimate darkness, which supposedly contains " the most fab object in the world ", the buck signs ostensibly appear on his eyes, as he is convinced that they must move around on that point. one time inside the fort of ultimate darkness, information technology is undecipherable as to if any of the men will make it out alive. time bandits is a fantastically do film that provide to the imagination of anyone. with a terrific soundtrack, courtesy of george rex harrison, whom also was an executive producer, metre brigand be trusted to be a really surrealistic, time - traveling adventure with unforgettable characters that is sure to entertain anyone. terry gilliam, even so, coiffe non utilize that greatly his trademark ability in moviemaking during this film, although this does not affect the picture that greatly. and in the end, if you liked labyrinth, you ' ll love sentence bandit. 