airplane! make up considered among many to live the prototype of satire film - making. after all, it ' s brought to uranium by one of the best known irony writing / manoeuver team. even if most mass don ' t recognize the name behind the films, they are bound to tell apart the titles: airplane! , top mystery, the nude gun, and spicy shots to name a few. simply although the zucker / abrahams / zucker squad was foremost introduced with the kentucky deep fried movie in 1977, airplane! stay the true cornerstone of their body of work, and their directorial debuts. in the seventies, cataclysm films seemed to represent at an all time high. films like temblor, the tower inferno, and the poseidon adventure be prominent hits. at that place embody also a series about the disasters that pot arise when travel by plane - a series that spanned the entire decennary. and thus, in 1980, we were introduced to a modern airplane disaster film. this time the disaster have nothing to manage with a maniac highjacker or crashing into the ocean. . . information technology had to do with bad pisces. airplane! comprise the story of ted hitter (robert hays) - an ex - fighter - pilot world health organization have ne'er gotten ended the fact that a decision he had to make in the midst of war led to the death of six, atomic number 68, seven comrade. ineffective to barricade living in the past tense, ted ' s domain fell apart. he spent his time moving from city to city without ever deliver a stable line of work, and finally, as we start this plastic film, is acquire dumped by his lover, flight attendant elaine dickinson (julie hagerty ). in a desperate try non to lose her, ted buys a ticket for the same flight of stairs elaine is cultivate. unfortunately, she is unlikeable and even criticizes ted for following her, which leave him wallowing in self - compassion. in the thick of it all, something happens. someone gets disturbed. so another. and so another. soon, the whole sheet is full of deathly - ailment chicago - bound mass. . . and when the pilots bugger off sick (play by peter graves, kareem abdul - jabbar, and postmark ashmore ), who will save the twenty four hours? ( gee, i question ) of row the main tie here is the non - stopover " champion - bang " comedy, with a hefty dose of both visual and spoken laugh. although i birth seen this motion picture a few time before, single was still laughing thru the entire affair. the most fun fictional character by far be the medico, played by leslie nielsen. he ' s a dry, elusive, sterotypically straight - face md that ends up saying some of the funniest lines of the film. in a picture show like this, you ' re non really expecting an elaborate production, so ane canful ' t complain astir the inexpert quality. what you can complain about comprise the absolutely annoying johnny, played by stephen stucker. this character personify superfluous, nauseating, and really unfunny. i don river ' t bed wherefore atomic number 2 was put in there, and i don ' t think anybody volition find a good apology. and when the movie nears an end, information technology slows down quite an a bite, almost get old. you gotta give it to a movie that exclusively runs 88 minutes and can palpate two hours long. aside from that, airplane! is really a top - notch pasquinade that leave belike forever live bed as a spoof classic. information technology would be a dependable alternative to pop in the videocassette recorder with a group of friends, especially if they haven ' deoxythymidine monophosphate seen it. and if they ask what the plot is, precisely tell ' em " it ' s a abstract of the canonic storyline of the film, but that ' sec not important right hand now. " if you ' ve get word the film, you ' ll understand; - ) 