jake kasdan, logos of one of the good screenwriters around, breaks into filmmaking by writing and directing this heavy - to - categorize detective story: persona mystery, part comedy, part character study and character love story. for the most share, kasdan manages to combine the genres successfully and create a captivating celluloid. daryl zero (bill pullman car) is a modernistic day private investigator holmes. the parallel is present downward to his love of music (though nada play the guitar sooner than the violin ), and his addiction to drug (amphetamines, instead than morphine ). he even titles his cases with such sherlockian epigrams as the slip of the mismatched shoelaces, the case about the man who lied about his geezerhood, surgery the case of the hired heavy weapon world health organization made fashion room too many mistakes. still zero ' s ceremony of the hunky dory art of breakup, though it stool him a brilliant private investigator, urinate him somewhat of a self - imposed outcast in bon ton. he could cause nil without the legwork of his trusty assistant dr. watson, i have in mind steve arlo (ben stiller ). arlo be non happy with his job. helium is thrilled to be around zippo ' sec brilliance, but his bizarre behavior, and unusual requests, are frustrate to the former lawyer. and they ' re still to a greater extent so to his lady friend, jess (angela featherstone ), who is fed improving that her boyfriend ' s boss intend more to arlo than her. this is the situation when a novel casing come knocking. gregory stark (ryan o ' neill) hires zero to find his lose headstone. it seems that he kept a safety deposit box key on the annulus, and the box seat patently contains some criminative evidence. straight off, stark is being blackmailed, and needs to reclaim his samara before the nightmare give the sack end. to solve this case, cipher reluctantly crawls out of his shell. withal, this is when he is vulnerable. .. and this metre helium falls for spell of a wily paramedical, gloria sir arthur sullivan (kim dickens ), who may be involved in the blackmail dodge. for the first time, zero have got to interview his own objectivity, as he find his node less and less sympathetic. zero effect is weakly in it obviously " wacky " conniption depicting daryl zero ' s left over behavior. such scenes mightiness follow appropriate in an out - and - tabu satire, making zero in an i ventura - ish character. however, there ' s a a good deal meatier movie in here. .. it just make a while to fuck off stunned. that ' s non to say that there ' due south non a place for humor in this celluloid. in fact, some of the best scenes are ben stiller ' s superbly underplayed amusing moments of inviolable disgust and frustration with his employer. however, the over - the - height scenes ne'er quite gel with the quietus of the cinema, and they aren ' t funny enough to put up on their own. once the probe is underway, however, zero ' s splendour really start to strike. his lightning quick inferences embody as fascinating as many of operative ' s own. as the mystery begins to unfold, goose egg ' s deductions lead the game in interesting directions, only ne'er miss the spectator. null burden works well during its romantic scene as well. zero ' s human relationship with gloria be low - key, simply information technology hits all the right notes. however, we embody incessantly kept distant from gloria ' s character. she ' s given mess of development, but we never understand what she be thinking. perhaps that english hawthorn be designed: to place the consultation in zero ' s zone of disengagement. but, on the unit, information technology be frustrating. greenback pullman, when he ' s non spacing out, create a vibrant character in daryl cypher. in that respect ' s one moment when zero briefly connects to the world which he cause managed to detach from for many years, and it cost shockingly act. .. express a seriousness that heretofore was unassociated with the character, but ane which fits in well. and, although it equal sometimes hard to take a detective call up " nil " seriously, it be at this moment that the viewer realize the substance behind the name. although cypher effect is a bit uneasy in situation, it is a strong entry for kasdan, and express great promise. 