disney cementum their situation in the forefront of feature article animation with the spill of their latest animated risky venture, mulan. while it bind a bit too close to the disney formula to be perfect, it is nonetheless an entertaining film for both kids and adult. fa mulan (ming - na wen, tattle: grazing land salonga) wants nothing more than to be a dutiful daughter and honor her family unit. .. information technology ' s hardly that she doesn ' t quite fit in with the chafing customs of her time. while most young woman her age make up test to quietly and demurely seek the approval of the local matchmaker (miriam margoyles ), mulan would prefer speaking her thinker. but there is trouble on the sensible horizon. the vicious huns, led by shan - yu (miguel ferrer ), are invading prc. the emperor (pat morita) has decree that each phratry must donate one human race to dish in the army. the sole male person in mulan ' s kinsfolk represent her church father, fa zhou (soon - tek ohio ), world health organization, old and with a bad leg, honorably accepts his fate. mulan, on the early hand, decide to spare her sire ' s life. .. by on the q.t. masquerade as a man and take his place on the battlefield. mulan, under the assumed name of ping, appears at summer camp where she, along with the other bumbling recruit, yao (harvey fierstein ), chien - po (jerry tondo) and ling (gedde watanabe ), make up trained in the art of war by police captain shang (b complex. d. wong, singing: donny osmond ). but she ' s not solo in her tasks. .. in typical walt disney way, she has trinity animal companion: her horse khan, a lucky cricket crickey, and a pint - sized " guardian " dragon call mushu (eddie tater ). much like the gargoyle in the humpback of notre dame, the humor in mulan is lukewarm and doesn ' tetraiodothyronine menstruation well with the rest of the more serious story. sure, some casual laughable relief is welcome, particularly in a film geared for the younger curing, but mulan exaggerate it. the overdose of humor turns what could have live a strongly great flick into a good, simply schizophrenic experience. but, that commentary aside, this is a rattling intimately made moving picture show (which spend a penny the formulaic additions entirely the more regrettable ). the invigoration cost on par with some of disney ' s best. the story itself live interesting, and the action scenes are awe - inspiring. the musical score to the film be pleasurable, though, as has been the case with walt disney ' s recent body of work, the sung dynasty are more often than not forgettable. at least, we ' re only subjected to four of them this meter or so. mulan vaunt the highest death toll of any walt disney cartoon to appointment. most of the killing is off - screen and it ' s all highly depersonalized (on that point ' randomness nothing to compare with the dying of mufasa operating theatre bambi ' s mummy ). thither ' s nothing graphic, and the cinema resides snugly inner a g rating. shaver testament probably have more questions about the restrictive antediluvian custom than of the massacre of armies. it ' s ironic that a motion picture concerned with bucking custom be hampered because of information technology strict adherence to disney custom. if the movie maker deliver the guts to lessen the humor, ax the compulsory sung dynasty, and remove the obligatory (and more or less unrealistic) romance, they could have had a graeco roman on their hands. instead, they simply deliver a very good meter at the pic. 