seen september 13, 1998 at 4 phosphorus. mb at rotterdam foursquare shopping center cinema 6, theater # deuce, with chris wessell for liberal using my sony / loews critic ' s pass. [ theatre evaluation: * * 1 / 2: respectable seats, average sound, impression precarious ] " rounder " be exactly the kind of movie parents don ' t want their tiddler to learn. it ' s not that information technology ' s a sottish riot of sex and violence, but because it ' s a picture show that insipid - out says you can give a career out of gambling. and to contain make things " bad " it turn up this through its original, enchanting storey. there have been countless crime films both past and present that conjure up the " noir " mood, that is, the dark, shady atmosphere where the vices of the world suit more gripping on screen than they would in actual life. this film take up off in the tradiational noir style, introduce us to the underworld of modern hazard where the stakes constitute high and therefore is the price for miss. mat damon stars as mike mcdermott, a 20 - something law of nature student in present - day new york city world health organization tells u how the game of poker be really played. damon narrates throughout the film, but the entire orifice scene is sound - over therefore absolutely to completely and completely define the setting. microphone ' s about to go up against teddy kgb (malkovich ), a russian mobster who wait similar a serial orca. but then over again, atomic number 2 practically be one and the picture show does everything to convey that sense - the look in his eyes, his slow movements, his intricate mannerisms - all combined with the greco roman noir cinematography of isolated brightness within the darkness of the hell (literally ). damon in the flesh power seem a minuscule tabu of place with his expensive apparel and perfectly - groomed features, merely his narration is what brings it all in concert. he never sounds like he ' s reading from a playscript, nor that he ' s try to grace anything, it just come innate to him. the screenwriter utilize the right words and phrases to describe the mood, from the smell of the line, to the logic require in reading the other guy rope ' faces and cards, and all without sound remotely threadbare. immediately we start out the sensory faculty that poker isn ' t for gamblers, but for near - geniuses with nerves of sword. the game is a subdued warfare, with strategies just now as complex and the same sense of honour among the soldier. the gangsters mike plays against are the same i that might kill someone for scratching their car, but when it comes to the game of poker, all respect be ascribable to the winner because atomic number 2 be genuinely the good man. the film does an excellent line in establishing its standard atmosphere during the maiden act. information technology concentrates so much in this facet that the background and the forward motion of the history bumble a bit. we learn only a little about mike, both retiring and present. presently we experience he has a lady friend named jo (gretchen mol) who helium constantly debate with all over his gambling. they go through a few break of serve - improving / realise - up cycle until mike ' s childhood pal and fellow rounder " worm " (norton) is release from prison house. it ' s not at all surprising dirt ball owe thousand of dollars to the mob, but what be surprising embody how the flick is able to take such a predictable element and execute it the fashion it execute. technically, the plot isn ' t different many children ' s sitcoms in which the " good " kid ' s " tough " quaker fetch the dependable kid in trouble and yet the safe kid remain friends with the forged kid. what this photographic film answer is use a different spiritualist to tell that write up. mike and worm give been in over their head their entire lives, only both portion a passion for come out - thinking the early participant who is assay to do the same to them. where as louse prefers to go the sleazy route of cheating (hence his slammer time ), mike always contain the cards he ' s dealt and works with them. sometimes they pay off (i. e. his power to pay his way of life through jurisprudence school on his gambling money ), merely former times they don ' t (i. due east. the fact he takes himself out of the plot and work a firm job after dropping $ xxx, 000 on a individual hand ). once thing start happening the film is able to elaborate and acquire its plot into an intricate entanglement of detail and climate. microphone and insect bobsleigh and wander through all kinds of game at all kinds of place, from socialites ' sign of the zodiac, to taking the tourists at atlantic city, to beat the mobster that control it all. everything they come into contact with is a big poker secret plan in that everything ' s a battle against the lineup destiny bargain. one scene demonstrates this perfectly in which mike is state by a evaluator (martin landou, in a perfectly cast and performed role) that luck embody everything and nevertheless zip at the same time. matt ' s good at gambling just he ' s besides find likely to be a great lawyer. he could go professional as either, but with i helium could lose everything or win big, but with the other thither ' s stableness but not much risk imply. toilet someone world health organization ' s gambled his entire life really cash in his chips and forget? if the picture have got been just a subtle lesson in salamander - acting, and then the ending be our test. everything is told from mike ' s perspective, only we ' re in the end able bodied to recognize some things on our ain. this earn the concluding, against - all - odds showdown seem alike just that. it works scarcely comparable the game information technology revolves around - showing united states some of the cards, but still invoke the element of the strange, and the consequences thereof. what separates " debauchee " from most other films about games follow the fact the challenge and the accomplishment are to a greater extent crucial than winning in the end. 