we ploughshare the descent into darkness of a gifted boy piano player. years later we attend his subsequent resurfacing; in the mid 80 ' entropy a damage man walk out of a rainstorm and backward into the world. the movie charts the causal agent of his mental breakdown. based on the life level of david helfgott, this australian film be a robust geographic expedition of the insistency drilling in upon a child - genius, compounded by the looming apparition of a domineering church father. in the 1950 ' s helfgott emerge as a child prodigy. the film traces his human relationship with his father, whose boost comes at the price of demanding david sustain no life beyond that of the grim and white keys. david is offered blank space in the usa, but his father turn down to let him leave commonwealth of australia. the result this has upon helfgott is smartly told via a single reverse trail shot; david be sob on the front doorway of his medicine teacher ' s house. he is well lighted via the outside house light. his instructor isn ' t home. we commit back and see that the dark front way ' s window have it ' s curtains subject. there, in a pool of blackness, comprise a opulent pianoforte. david ' s fall over the night cliff suffer begun. rather of be told in a linear mode, shine jumps around in meter, ala " flesh fable ". this narrative device influence well; we see david as a boy, stripling in london and genial - affected role in diverse snippets. the film then neatly loops backward for its uplifting conclusion. grownup - helfgott ' s return to the illumination be told in linear fashion. the lead role be play by 3 different actors, with the teenage - st. david (taylor) and adult - st. david (boot) stand kayoed. whilst rush is known for his tv employment in australia, ane think this is his maiden major film work. his david, whilst clear damage - he keeps cite his " daddy " in a babbling word deluge, cuddles stranger and grabs women on the breasts - is both match and shady. taylor ' s teenage - saint david is the to a greater extent sympathy producing role. we are silent witness to his gradual breakdown as the pressures just keep on building. his father wants him to toy the very demanding sergei rachmaninoff ' s 3rd, whilst his teacher want to start him with a simple mozart. technically this is a beautiful film and a hatful of thinking has gone in to the production. i peculiarly like the use of irksome motion and sound effect. i scene cause adult - helfgott happily babbling in a car in the rain. the sound of the windshield wipers fade upward over his voice. with a clever subtlety, the windscreen wiper audio appears to morph into a rhythmic thump, but of the like beat. the image dissolve and we realise the thumping embody the deadening motion applause of a crowd. but it ' s uranium being clapped. we comprise untried - david walking up to the stagecoach for our first public show. the music, as you would require from a moving picture show of this capable matter, is vital. and it works very well. the ' mime ' of the actor piano playacting represent impeccable (apparently rush didn ' t mime; helium really did play ) helfgott ' s living is certainly non without it ' s harmonic people. so his tax return to the ' normal ' world is accelerated by his chance meeting with two very limited women. his ultimately uplifting story is a magic slice of theatre craftsmanship. it shows that with the ' help of god ' we can all find our manner backward home base. 