once again, the engagement is dreamworks versus walter elias disney: earlier this year, the mammoth companies fought to the death with their end - of - the - world asteroid flick, bass wallop and armageddon. hither we be now, precisely a few months later, and they ' ray at it again with duel hemipteran film, antz and a bug ' s life time. what i ascertain so astounding make up that both pairs of movies are and then inherently similar in both story and execution. i mean value, come on - - what were the chances of two studios both decide to make for tabu computer - animated moving picture about bugs? as was the case with the meteoroid movies, walt disney have come come out on top: though antz is a appealing movie, a bug ' s life comprise far superior. in fact, this movie made me actualise what was unseasonable with antz: 1 get immersed in the man of a bug ' s life, while antz just made me scrutinize everything. simply it ' s not really fair to base an entire review on a compare. a bug ' s life be a singular film in its ain right, and deserve to be seen aside from any former computer - animated film astir hemipteron. in fact, information technology ' s unmatched of the skillful films this year: information technology ' s smart, subtle, and funny, merely it ' s besides perfect family entertainment and relentlessly entertaining. i haven ' thymine get such a good time at the movies in months. information technology tells the history of an pismire make flick (voice by dave foley ); he ' s a nice guy rope, but helium ' s too a troublemaker. the pismire spend all time of year putting together the offering, a great pile of intellectual nourishment that they provide for the grasshoppers. just before the grasshoppers come, flick accidentally knocks over the offering, and ruins everything for the entire colony: the hopper ' s leader, hopper (kevin spacey ), is enrage, and say them that the ants ask twice the food by the ending of summer, or they ' re all beat. moving picture show, feel responsible for this, sets off to wait for help - - helium substantiate that the only path to be rid of the grasshoppers is to fight them. he heads to the city (the city being a house a few miles away ), where he find a colourful bunch of circus bugs: a ladybug (denis leary, who cost spectacular ), a black widow (bonny hunt ), a caterpillar (joe ranft ), a butterfly (madeline kahn ), a rhinoceros beetle (michael mcshane ), and a stick (david hyde - pierce, also giving a uproarious performance ). flick doesn ' t make love they ' re actor, and they get into ' t know that motion picture show needs them to pour down a bunch of grasshoppers, so they return to the settlement with flick and find themselves in an unusual position. the most obvious element of a bug ' s life personify the character of vivification. create by pixar, the same people who impart u plaything story, a hemipterous insect ' s life throw some of the most awing visuals i ' ve of all time seen. the hemipteron seem to dwell a three - dimensional space, and occasionally in that respect will make up a shot that is indistinguishable from live action. this be a lush, colorful mankind, full of life and imagination: the room the animators insert the things all of us see in our everyday liveliness (matches, bottlecaps, cannister cans, etc.) and make them active objects in the microbe ' world is innovative. the film is also mercilessly exciting, particularly in a wondrously - rat view involve our fighter ' escapism from a bird (a little bird never seemed and so huge and threatening ). merely the god almighty of a bug ' s life bonk where the grandness lies: story and characters. movie, with solid part work from foley, equal a great guy to lead the story. but the real treat comes with the carnival bugs; they ' re such a likable group of character - - the standouts are the spliff (hyde - president pierce is and so honest ), francis the ladybug, and the big adipose tissue caterpillar. all of these bugs have more than a token personality, which make the suspenseful scenes work because we like about the bugs, and it also keeps the tear - jerking tantrum from seem obligatory. in my reappraisal of antz, 1 said that the film is a clever cop - ko'd because it presents a bunch of little humans oppose to an ant - like existence. in concept, a bug ' s life is fundamentally the same moving picture, except that i was ne'er given adequate time to come up things that i didn ' t similar astir it. with such strong work in both animation and script, a hemipterous insect ' s life is naught but a joyousness to baby sit through with. information technology really equal excessively bad that it had to come out so close to that other bug picture show, but a bug ' s life story comprise so good that single ' m sure it will find its audience. after a slew of endlessly violent and cynical motion picture show, information technology ' s downright refreshing to sit through an barren picture like this and gag without feel shamed. 