in roger michell ' s romanticist comedy notting hill, william thacker (hugh cary grant) leads a rather dingy life maintaining his flagging locomotion bookstore in the quaint section of capital of the united kingdom which lends information technology ' s public figure to the film ' s title. one day, american moving picture wizard anna scott (julia bartholomew roberts) walks in to purchase a ledger on bomb. quickly enamored of each other, the deuce embark upon an on - again, off - again love affair replete with romance, humor, and the casual puffiness in the throat. the film opens with a non - verbal cue to anna ' s stardom as the title credits appear complete a montage of obtuse movement sequences featuring the actress ' s appearances in films and at premiere - coming out of limousines, walk the cherry carpets and such. without words, this sequence gives uracil a background to her character. following, however, is a curing - up narration by william argue what helium does and where atomic number 2 lives. 1 don ' t know why the filmmakers chose to snuff it with a story which tells us nothing we couldn ' thymine get figured out by watching the first ten mo of film, and which ne'er resurfaces after the movie ' s beginning, but there information technology is. if there exist ever a absolved case for " less is to a greater extent, " this would embody it. the film is told almost maiden person from william ' s point of scene, as he is in every scene. by nature of this organization, we get a very definite sense of what he follow all astir, and his decent guy personality wins us terminated well. in fact, a great deal of notting hill ' s strength lie in the great duologue written for this role by richard curtis. a view where william is still in seismic disturbance over the fact that he ' s even talking to a silver screen goddess be made golden by the mode bumbles through his effort to offer her some honey - soaked apricots from his icebox. or take an instance where anna kisses william and asks him never to secern anyone for fear of the incident hurting her range. william secure her atomic number 2 wouldn ' tonne tell a word, then adds, " well, iodin ' ll in all likelihood tell myself now and then, but i ' d ne'er consider it. " great hooey. the downside to spending so much time with william is that we put on ' t get to run across plenty of anna to make their relationship whole and plausible. we ' re constantly disclose to william ' s sentiment, flavour, actions and desire, but don ' mt actually get the sense of how much anna really feels for him. there are a duet of instances where she declare her obvious interest, but they nearly come extinct of nowhere due to the fact that we ' re not sure what she ' s been thinking all the times in between. this, combine with the sheer dark of screen fourth dimension between the two, makes this hugh grant ' s film give down. he gets the great scenes (facial expression for one in which he has to present an interviewer from horse and hound magazine in order to talk with anna ), the great credit line, and contribute an overall wondrous performance. julia roberts fans will probably be disappointed by the actress ' s top billing and subsequent lack of involvement in the film (ala sandra bullock in a time to kill) along with her detached performance which is solely worsened by her character ' s irregular behaviour. anna doesn ' t get a slew of our pity. this romanticist comedy lean a little to a greater extent toward the comedy than the romance, much of it furnish by grant himself, but with considerable help from the back cast. most notable is rhys ifans as spike heel, william ' s nonconcentric roomy, who be in the film for no other purpose than to make atomic number 92 laugh. hugh bonneville, emma chambers, james dreyfus, and gina mckee fetch up the guard as william ' s friend and family, particularly shining in a scene where william brings anna to his sister ' s birthday dinner party, and we get to see how these common folks oppose to the presence of a movie star in their midst. information technology ' s a scene most of us testament in all likelihood think would toy out in our own living rooms were we faced with a similar billet. roger michell ' s use of visuals doesn ' t sweep us cancelled our feet, merely cause afford us more than your distinctive picture show of this type. for example, there be a couple of instances in this cinema where large amounts of clip straits. whereas some celluloid are content to simply put in a caption saying " eight months later on, " michell present us with to a greater extent interesting cues, such as william ' s walk though his neighborhood while the season change around him. another memorable shot come in a car park where the camera be lifted from solid ground level to a couple of hundred feet in the aviation. we ' re generally used to scenes where our decimal point of view is reverse from the earth to treetop level or so, only in this case, the tv camera scarce keeps going up and up until we have a bird ' s eye view of the earth below. music is apply rather glaringly as an enhancement to many of the pic ' due south scenes, and some of this power have been better toned down, but in other areas it process to full effect. information technology ' s kind of a interracial bag, but even so fares better than many of today ' s lighthearted movies which are therefore influenced by the mtv fare that the film becomes one long music video recording. at least this film has some pretty good music that for the most part stay relevant and appropriate. notting pitcher's mound ' s grant and roberts testament not go go through in history as one of the all - time greatest film pairings, but the chemistry is comme il faut and the comedic aspects of the movie more than than make up for it. for a couple of hour, you should expect to laugh more than than cry, and that ' s non so spoiled, at once is it? 