more than 40 years ago, the " sword and sandals " musical style of historic heroic poem reign the box office. during the 1950 ' s hollywood sought to give interview a understanding to change state polish off their televisions and go away to the movies by offer the rarefied spectacle of the roman empire in cinemascope. " ben - hur. " " cleopatra. " " the gown. " " sparticus. " " the surrender of the roman empire. " " quo vadis. " sometimes brilliant, sometimes campy, the roman epic was the technicolor funeral funeral pyre of classic hollywood. since then, epos have come out infrequently (" the final emperor, " " braveheart ") and some of the best have be modest - screen affairs produced in the 1970 ' southward (" antecedent, " " shogun " ). so far, the phrase " we world health organization embody about to die salute you " has been abstracted until directly. " prizefighter " begins in germania in a. vitamin d. 180. papist general maximus (russell crowe) has conquered til now another group of barbarians for his emperor marcus aurelius (richard harris ), and he is eager to go to sleep to his plantation in spain where his married woman and son be await. still, the emperor be care that his decadent weakling son commodus (joaquin phoenix) leave prove a poor heir, so he want to make maximus his heir as a transition toward rome becoming a democracy again. when commodus hear the plan, he strangles his father and order maximus and his family murdered. maximus escapes from the executioners, simply he arrives home too former to save his wife and son. a wagon train of slavers pick up the wounded hero and carry him off to north africa. ( why the caravan happened to make up cruising by maximus ' post is ne'er explained. ) an african named juba (djimon hounsou) treats maximus ' wound. proximo (oliver john reed ), a gladiator who won his exemption, purchases maximus and juba as fodder for the area. of line, maximus prof as able a gladiator as he be a soldier, and his celebrity spread. when commodus reopen the amphitheatre, proximo brings his troupe of warrior to rome to contend. our hero win the hearts and mind of the shouting crowd and finds that atomic number 2 has an friend in commodus ' sister lucilla (connie nielsen ). the similarities to " braveheart " be obvious: an evil tycoon, a determined warrior attempt revenge for his murdered family, the financial aid of a lovestruck princess. also, like mel gibson ' s epos, " gladiator " experience a primarily visceral appeal and is ram forward by the wedge ' s ire. it ' s a simple tale of proficient versus evilness. maximus has all the virile virtues: nobility of determination, courageousness in battle, loyalty to king and country, forcible staying power, and cultism to family. commodus is his opposite in every way: a sniveling, selfish sir noel pierce coward world health organization is intended to disgust the audience. the opening nighttime crew in my theater was about 70% male, and that appear appropriate. " prizefighter " is a guy movie (would the opposition of a " skirt motion picture show " be a " dick picture show "? ). there ' s much pumping of testosterone and chopping off of body parts in gruesome engagement sequences. ( those well offended by gore should stay aside. ) lucilla be the only female character, and what sparks thither are between her and maximus are dampened by his idolatry to his dead wife. joaquin phoenix give an astounding performance. in the scene where commodus kill his male parent, phoenix depict the infliction of a son who has never had his male parent ' s love or superbia. throughout the characterization, phoenix manages to give depth to a character world health organization ' s script as a caricature of iniquity. ace ' ve been a bill russell crowe fan since " romper suit stomper. " this persona doesn ' tetraiodothyronine offer him the complexities of his parts in " litre. a. confidential " and " the insider " - - basically his occupation is to grunt heroically - - simply his voice, which has a richard burton sonorousness textured by a clint eastwood rasp, is perfect for the genre. the late oliver reed gave us the good piece of work of his vocation in his last role. i trust it leave be honour with an oscar. my lone major quibble with " gladiator " is its stylized look. several scene are tinted. we ' ve watch a tidy sum of the tinted expression lately, particularly in " payback " and " the matrix. " 1 father ' t get the appeal of the style, which makes feature of speech motion picture show take care like tv ad. in " payback " it constitute merely annoying, but in " prizefighter " information technology decolourize the color out of the grand spectacle that personify the raison d ' etre of the roman epic. ( mayhap information technology ' s meant to gloss ended the imperfections of the computer - generated shots. ) also, the battle scenes be filmed in a foreign herky jerky style that seems to follow slo mo and tight forward at the same time. ( information technology reminds maine of the way the flash escape in the funny books, leaving a half - blurred lead of image of himself behind. ) with a more realistic look, " gladiator " could be still to a greater extent satisfying than " braveheart " because it make a tighter playscript and a more fulfilling ending. bottom line: a rousing action film enriched by fine performance simply tarnished by stylistic selection. 