steven spielberg ' s " amistad, " which is based on the true taradiddle of a group of africans who revolted on board a striver ship, then were captured and taken to america where a legal dispute ensue over who " own " them, exist concerned with respective different aspects of this story. foremost, the plastic film addresses the result of the inherent evilness of slavery. second, information technology deals with the historical involvement of several american politician in the case, let in president st. martin van buren and former president toilet josiah quincy adams (anthony johns hopkins ). last, and most significantly, it prove the cultural confusion experienced by the african who personify forced into slavery and the damage done to their native refinement in africa by the slave trade. " amistad " deliver the goods at least partly with all three of these element. i have to admit that i was a little skeptical as to how much one could genuinely get verboten of another " anti - slavery " movie. let consider several other picture and documentaries about thraldom, i doubted that at that place was much i didn ' t already know astir it. fortunately, atomic number 53 turned out to embody wrong. for one thing, steven spielberg ' s camera ne'er once gets near a southern plantation and alternatively stick to the slave ship and the slave bargainer ' operations in africa, so " amistad " be manage with a different part of the history of slavery from the very beginning. and some of the images here be, in fact, a great deal to a greater extent harrowing than what we usually see in motion picture about slavery. 1 shot in the eye, in which the crew of a slave ship dispose of some of their " excess " slaves by throwing them overboard to drown, has to be unrivalled of the most disturbing film image of the yr. spielberg digs farther into the evils of bondage than ace be expecting he would, and in fact helium probably goes about as far as a moving picture show conductor can without getting an nc - 17 rating. the complete suffering of the african is contrast sharply with the shallow luxury of the politicians, such as chairwoman van buren and queen queen isabella of spain, whose naval officers were involved in the legal dispute and who was only a minor child at the clip. exposing politicians as narrow - minded, opportunistic dissimulator is reasonably standard poppycock, of course, merely spielberg and writer st. david franzoni coif it well enough that it still comes off as something more than just a simple use in hearing manipulation. the film too examines the contentious nature of the slavery issue at the meter, such that john quincy adams (and probably early politicians like him ), who clearly disapproved of the practice, was reluctant to get involved in the case until information technology was appealed all the way of life to the supreme court. the biggest achiever of " amistad " is probably the characterization of cinque (djimon hounsou ), who emerges as the de facto leader of the kidnapped africans and struggle to communicate with baldwin (matthew mcconaughey ), the lawyer who represents them in judicature. through cinque, we are given a window into the aboriginal culture, as he and the displaced africans strain to explain to the prison house guards what they need for a proper entombment of a dead federation of tribes member, operating room find an illustrated version of the bible and try to understand the storey of saviour the nazarene. phoebe sees the dispute with a lucidity and simplicity that, once more, counterpoint with the trifle and shop mechanic of the legal process and of the political squabbles. " what kind of country be this, where laws ' almost ' work? " he asks 1st earl baldwin of bewdley in bewilderment, when atomic number 2 find out that the instance must cost re - sample before the supreme court. steven spielberg ' s direction tend a little bit towards the manipulative face at clock time, such as when he adds a heavy orchestral swell to cinque ' s raging outburst in the motor lodge room. still, there international relations and security network ' t plenty of this for it to be a serious trouble. the primary flaw in this film, which forbid it from earning four stars, is that it seems like steven spielberg and franzoni bathroom ' t quite a handle all of these issues at the like time, so alternatively they settle for addressing each one separately and merely editing the result into the same movie. this summer ' s contact, for example, dealt with several issues at once, only each of them was somehow present in almost every scene and, nigh importantly, all of them were dissolve at once. " amistad " judge to pull it all together in the end with a speech from adams, but it somehow feels a little constrained, and in any case the talking to itself, which lasts almost fifteen minute, wear out it welcome about halfway through. perhaps the unspoiled manner to describe it be this: " amistad " is three 4 star films edit into one. near every individual scene works, but the last production is lacking the necessary direction and coherency, and thus live less than the sum of information technology parts. however, one can ' t candidly say how it could sustain been do differently, and in any case the story comes through with with enough raw emotional power that information technology is still a very good film, and thus one commend it to anyone who can handle the disturbing imagery. 