book of revelation now, free base on the refreshing " hearts of darkness ", represent an exceedingly spectacular, gripping, and horrify depiction of the socialist republic of vietnam war from another angle. a long argument has surrounded this film as if information technology is actually an anti - war film. in many way of life, this debate could go either way. apocalypse now is probably one of the most memorable vietnam warfare cinema ever made. in addition, like a shot film has go to the extreme that this plastic film does - a worrisome look at the corruption and terrorise effects of the most devastating warfare of late years. apocalypse now pursue the mission captain benjamin l. willard, play by dean martin sheen, to attempt out and eliminate colonel walter e. kurtz, a greenish beret who is thought to have gone harebrained and rig up his own militant base in cambodia. sea captain willard is ordain to assassinate kurtz with " uttermost prejudice " because he has been deemed a liquidator. willard assume his missionary work, but not while pondering the accusation. accusing individual of murder in this berth is alike " hand tabu speed tickets at the indy 500 ", as he puts it. it doesn ' t make too much sense. escorting him on his missionary post be a mathematical group of men world health organization operate a riverboat. the man are chef (frederic forrest ), main (albert residence ), lance lyndon baines johnson (sam bottoms) and mr. clean (a 15 class - onetime laurence fishburne ). willard is ordered not to allow them recognize exactly what his mission is, merely they all know it is something big. the men run into many exciting, dangerous and flaky situations. but no situation is more freaky than the notorious napalm scene with a very eccentric henry m. robert duvall as lieutenant colonel kilgore. kilgore decides to attack and overtake a certain beach area so that his military personnel can surf. breakers. this be all elysian when kilgore is able bodied to meet the famed california surfboarder fishgig johnson. duvall ' s depicting as lieutenant colonel kilgore be marvellous, and, he allow a number of memorable quotes. finally, captain willard encounters colonel kurtz ' s frightening residential area full of strange things everywhere you depend, especially his followers. one of his main followers is a free lance photographer (dennis hop picker) who attempt to conduct the situations to willard. but emma hart willard cannot translate the madness that encompasses the dependency. kurtz equal in reality well aware of willard ' s mission, and refers to him as " an errand boy send by food market shop clerk to collect a government note ". yet willard be intent on complete his missionary station, no topic what shock things kurtz does. apocalypse forthwith, perchance i of the greatest photographic film ever made, is a stunning imagination into the madness that corresponds to the vietnam war war. a movie that leave hypnotize you with it ' s brilliant cinematography, apocalypse right away exist an striking epic drama about the controversial and atrocious ravages of war. definitely on the " do non miss " inclination. be prepared for a rattling memorable celluloid. 