wong kar - wei dynasty ' s " fallen angels " is, on a purely nonrational point, one of the well nigh exciting picture show i ' ve envision in a longsighted while. unfortunately, wong look more concerned in experimenting with his photographic camera than creating tangible characters for the audience to take root for. usually, that alone would exist enough to sink a movie, but in the case of " fallen holy person ", this make up not so. every shot in this film is stimulate just to * search * at. wong does really interesting things with the camera, but he doesn ' t allow the pyrotechnics to completely take over, as be the type with last years sorry " belt off " (which contained a shot of a foot participate a brake shoe. ugh. ) the movie succeed three pairs of miss souls as they struggle to find some signification in their lives. i can ' t say much more than that as ane didn ' t in truth do it what be run on most of the time. in fact, information technology wasn ' metric ton until about halfway through the flick that i was able to key out between each eccentric. the invariably moving camera doesn ' t actually allow for for the hearing to associate with any one character. we ' atomic number 75 always kept at a distance from these multitude, i suppose in order to further add to the feeling of disaffection matte by the character. " fall angels " is a refreshing alteration - of - step from most hollywood films, which ne'er bother to try anything different, at least on a optical level. in fact, i ' ergocalciferol go then far as to suppose that " fallen angels " is more challenging visually than any mainstream hollywood film i ' ve of all time seen. sure, at that place ' s directors like robert rodriguez world health organization bask turning violence into operatic orgies of death, simply to see a filmmaker like wong who actually assaults the gumption with persona constitute truly something deserving celebrating. merely if wong regard to suit a fabled filmmaker, he needs to work on integrate an genuine story into those awesome images. there were far to a fault many instances during " fall angels " in which 1 postulate myself, " at once who are these people again? is this that initiatory twosome or the 2d couple? " it was impossible to observe track. perhaps helium could countenance the audience have it off properly away which reference is which, by introducing them to us with " name scorecard ", as in scorsese ' second " mean streets ". that ' s real besides the point, though. wong kar - wei has prove himself, through very few films, that ' s he ' s a picture show - divine to see. let ' s just bob hope that helium hones his storytelling acquirement with his next few movies. 