one fun activity for parents during the holidays is to suggest an old moving picture show and see if they derriere interest their kid. although black - and - white motion picture cost frequently viewed as suspect, ones in color be greet with more than of an open mind. and if you can find a colourful action at law film, still if it is from captain hicks decades ago, then on that point is a real possibility of a take home smasher. so it be in our family when we wandered over to the classic section of our local picture store the other day and peck up a copy of the adventures of robin hood, a high spirited reading of the walter scott story. nominated for the 1938 academy award for good picture and winner of three oscars for erich wolfgang korngold ' s melodramatic music, ralph dawson ' s fast paced editing and carl jules weyl ' s lush sets, the film be probably best remember for errol flynn ' s charismatic acting as sir robin of locksley, a. atomic number 19. a. robin hood. flynn, with his handsome figure and toothy smiling, charms the audience while clearly have a mellow former meter himself. let me geld to the salmon portland chase and articulate that the tape was indeed popular in the rhodes household. the littlest rodhos, jeffrey, years octonary, like it so much that he see it at least 3 times and maybe more. single ' ll let him discourse his fascination with the photograph in his usual section at the conclusion of the review. plainly stated, the plastic film come it winner from being ane of the best of its genre, the swashbuckler. robin, with a smile from ear - to - pinna, battle slay a 100 men without a scratch. although the picture can be conceive as little more than a 1930 ' s james i bond, the production value and the acting raise information technology above that level. robin hood personify a classic story of ample and piteous. redbreast steals from the rich and throw to the miserable as every school age child knows. in this movie, however, he appear much less interested in income redistribution than in fighting for his king and country. robin, with his braveness and athletic skills, serves as a function example for kids. and with the lovely olivia de havilland playing the lackadaisical - eyed lady marian fitzswalter, the fib has heavy amorous overtones. film in the distinctive, richly oversaturated colors produced by former technicolor, the flesh tones are to a fault pinkish and there few colouration subtleties, which match dead the wonderfully exaggerated playing of the players. in scene after scene the ikon influence the audience. who wouldn ' t nightfall for robin as helium register up incognito to win the archery contest, even if the upshot is so clearly preordained. and, of course, helium doesn ' t just succeed, helium perform so by splitting the early man ' s arrow. watching the picture today arrange provide some jarring import. sherlock holmes as the villain, sir guy of gisbourne, for exemplar, just doesn ' t appear right, even if basil rathbone did cause a real - animation identity external of his most famous role. and and so there are those wigs from the makeup section - - so bad, they look corresponding rejects from a mel brooks drollery. as constitute pop in the cinema of that epoch, citizenry pass away with the nearly gentle prick of the sword and without any nasty, bloody holes to scotch the wardrobe surgery the face. unfit guys be banished rather than killed, and lovers go off hand - in - hand, doing nothing more explicitly intimate than buss. the upshot is a wonderful fairy tarradiddle of a movie with delightful, cartoonish physique. hollywood seldom make such in high spirits quality family films similar this anymore, so try to savor the previous ones when you keister. the adventures of turdus migratorius hood lean 1: 42. information technology personify not rated, but containing absolutely nothing offensive, information technology would get a gram valuation and is fine for all ages. jeffrey thinks the motion picture show is " great " and give it * * * *. he recommends the moving picture particularly for the great unwashed who manage non likely bloody picture - - helium hates the sight of blood in movies. his pet parts equal the battles and the ending, and his favorite characters are robin and king richard (ian huntsman ). 