steven spielberg be now considered as 1 of the hollywood deities, because of the uncommon capability to give up both huge commercial hits, like jurassic park, and " academy award " - awarded critical triumph like schindler ' s list. notwithstanding, in the 1970s spielberg built his reputation by creating whole kit of art that could sneak in both category. i of them be close encounters of the tertiary kind, exceedingly democratic and influential science - fiction spectacle. regrettably, information technology had a bad portion to be free in the same year as sensation wars. although both moving picture have a lot in common (ground - break special effects, brilliant score by john williams) their future be different; unrivalled became an unstoppable religious cult phenomenon, and another almost forgotten and stuck forever in its shadow. when spielberg begin work on that task, he was already base as a shiny novel hollywood superstar due to his late commercial hit, jaws. in concert with other young directors of his " new hollywood " generation, similar kauffman, carpenter, hill and millius, atomic number 2 work the great originative freedom of 1970s, when even the mainstream producer dare to experiment. ironically, it was spielberg himself whose later commercial achiever would install fresh unwritten rules of " blockubuster " philosophy. but in the mid 1970s, many things were different; spielberg be vernal and eager to apply hollywood resources for his very personal and aesthetic movie. although very personal, spielberg ' s screenplay constitute partly based on the book " ufo experience " by dr. joule. allen hynek and in many ways inspire by the popular urban mythology of extraterrestrial visitors to earth that begin to grow in the world after ww2. spielberg be not alone inspired by the mythology, just his moving picture also gave the mythology itself a brobdingnagian encouragement, unmatched until the contemporary era of adam - files and the roswell day of remembrance. that represent partly because he make the movie very naturalistic using the authentic ufo - related incident as the element of the plot of land. the narrative begins with i of such incident - team of international scientists come to the sonorra desert in mexico to find the uranium. s. navy plane of who went missing decades ago during the famous flight 19. such events coincide with the ufo incident witnessed by roy neary (richard dreyfuss ), power ship's company worker from muncie, indiana, who afterwards become obsessed with his experience. because of his obsession he lose his job, mob and sanity, but his loss be nada equate to the experience of jillian guiler (melinda dillon ), single mother whose son becomes the victim of exotic abduction. in the lag, the scientist trace the foreign signals from outer space and u. south. government, in co - operation with the french, led by lacombe (francois francois truffaut) begin with the preparation for ultra - hugger mugger project. when the tidings of the toxicant flatulency news leak in the middle of wyoming reach neary, atomic number 2 finally sees some sense in all his vision and begins the perilous journey toward the centre of endangered region. at that place he is joined by jillian who shared the similar visions. ii of them must break through military pickets and reach their destination to find any is there. spielberg hither shows gravid control by apply the very same techniques of jaw to make completely different effects. the irksome, gradual until now very disciplined series of spectacular incidents - " close face off " - be pose in order to play the viewer to the great book of revelation in the finale. only, or else of the fear and horror we had to last during the jaws, we are at present overwhelmed by the sense of boyish wonder. throughout the pic the viewer have sex that something big, brilliant and wonderful is about to happen, and great magician spielberg delivers his promise in the end. the terminal sequence, with it, yet in this historic period, impressive particular effects by the great virtuoso stephen a. douglas trumbull, would leave many lip open. one and only of the great virtue of this film is its optimism. aliens, world health organization almost always stick portrayed as the monsters in scientific discipline - fable picture palace, are here eleemosynary and harmless brute and the first contact between them and humanity is a outset of something wonderful. it is very ironical, when we consider that the two classic sf movies that visually exhort spielberg actually told quite different narrative - howard hawk ' matter and sixth baron byron of rochdale haskin ' s warfare of the worlds presented extraterrestrials as the threat to the mankind. spielberg ' s humane approach and faith in the hereafter also lies in great contrast to the pessimistic temper of its era; the only hint of the contemporary sombreness be place - watergate portrayal of government as conspiratorial towards the public. but, still such government activity is a great deal more than harmless compared to the murderous and chain - smoke men in sinister that became the stereotype thanks to x - files and its more cynical and worrisome visions. there lie in the main, and in all probability the only fault of this outstanding picture - lack of battle, and accordingly, lack of drama. the movie make few excitements or even activeness aspect (particularly the last that may make up an interesting homage to hitchcock ' s north by nw) but generally, almost everyone - neary, jillian, government, aliens - are the good guys. despite such defect, the actors were good and manage to bring multidimensionality to their unsubdivided role. richard dreyfuss is very convincing as a average, til now nice guy, who dip into insanity only to rediscover himself in a grand finale. melinda dillon make up, on the other script, name for " oscar " as a shin female parent, yet she was overshadow by teri garr as neary ' s long - suffering wife ronnie. apart from optic wonders of this celluloid, steven spielberg ' s semi - official composer john williams once again excels by his beautiful music, this time apply the dim witted tonal pattern both as the element of a plot, and as the groundwork for his score. the outlander, who are the principal subject of this cinema, embody visually very convincing. excessively convincing, one of my acquaintances in the ufo - researching lot said. according to him, the depiction of extraterrestrials as grey - skinned little mass with big eye was so precise, that it managed to freak out powerful government number concerned in suppressing the truth about ufo. and so, they later approached spielberg and ordered him to realize another movie with stranger, this time designed to be anything but the real living. the termination live e. t. , for many years the big commercial grade hit of all times, yet less inspirational for ufo enthusiasts. anyway, whether the watcher believes in existence of extraterrestrials or ufos, close encounters of the tertiary kind stay the great flick, and nonpareil of the rare uplifting experience in mod cinema. 