one didn ' t earn how clever the name of this movie personify until i called the mpaa (the motion picture association of america - the folks who determine what ' s g, nc 17, pg, r or x) to ask why the preview was rated r. so that we can make some sense of their response, let me assure you astir the movie itself. " the film wardrobe " is a documental about how homosexuality has been portrayed in the movies over the retiring several decades. information technology ' s brilliant, funny, naughty and extremely affecting. it tore at my heart to watch a talented lesbian film writer explain that, as a rule, homosexual audiences hunger for any hint of homosexuality on filmdom. regardless of how veiled - beaver state how seamy - the presence of a homophile or lesbian somebody allows others to diminish their sense of isolation and make them feel as if they ' re not quite an so invisible as america seem to want them to be. the movie itself is rate r - and for unspoiled reason. it incorporate scenes of bloody, violent gay bashing and in writing, uninhibited, sex. as with any movie, ane appreciate knowing astir these things beforehand of time, so i rear resolve for myself whether to see the movie with a champion, a appointment, my 11 year old niece, alone or non at all. only, that ' s the movie. instantly back to the preview. prior to this film being theatrically released (it was primitively filmed as a documentary for hbo) atomic number 53 have seen the hail attractions trailer for information technology at least six times. there was no nudity, no ferocity, no bad language, nothing that i could see that would be offensive or inappropriate for a general audience (ok, whoopi rube goldberg did refer to individual " boning " person, but the final one knew that wasn ' t one and only of the seven words you can ' t say on telecasting ). except for a scene of ii fully clothed men kiss. hmmmmm. when i inquired astir the rating on the trailer, a very nice woman at the mpaa quoted from " the handbook " that a drone approved for all audience could contain " no homosexuality oregon sapphism and no give way down on someone. " hullo? i was in the office and it comprise the centre of the day. courageously, i pursued. " i ' ve see that trailer, oh. .. in all likelihood one half a dozen times, " i gulp. .. " and i preceptor ' t remember that scene. " " substantially, " she chirp. " information technology ' s there. our little eyes make up train to see that. " no genuinely. in the wrangle of dave barry, " i am not create this up. " they equal " trained " to " visit that? " when someone who be shocked at the rating the first time and piddle a government note to ascertain information technology carefully the following five times or so managed to get it slew preceding her? gosh, i certainly don ' t mean to oppugn the mpaa, beaver state " the enchiridion ". 1 would, however, comparable to evoke that information technology ' s they who are in the closet on this one. and the sluttish ain ' triiodothyronine commodity in there. simply, having seen " the celluloid closet, " and being one of a smattering of straight people involved in a chiefly homosexual and lesbian weekly bible study (netmail me and i ' ll give you the point ), none of this be any big surprisal. the breaker point of the motion picture show was that homosexuality, even in the politically right ninety, is ridiculously perceived as a menace to a mostly heterosexual guild. a point easily draw in this candid and honest film. now, i could go off on the mpaa ' s ruling that a house trailer mustiness contain " no gayness or lesbianism " and ask how that is defined, peculiarly in light of some of the thing, both sexual and non - sexual, that 1 ' ve watched straight people do in trailers. i just don ' t experience the need to snuff it thither, because information technology seems so obvious. i ' ll instead intimate that the mpaa ra - evaluated their rating criteria. let the valuation mull over not subject content, like " sexual practice " and " vehemence ". have them reflect attitude content. in the future, i ' ergocalciferol be concerned in knowing whether the flick is rated d for aweless operating theatre s for stereotyped. and then i ' d sincerely be able to make an informed decision astir how i spent my time. 