iodin can already feel the hate letters pouring in on this one, folks. i loved the wedding ceremony singer. but it make worse. if i so much as mention titanic in the same sentence. . . hell, like paragraph as the wedding isaac bashevis singer, i ' g bounce to be lynched. well lynch me then, because i think adam sandler and drew barrymore have the near convincing interpersonal chemistry in recent memory, with titanic as the only exception. aright aside, you ' re quick to discount my review, aren ' metric ton you? you ' re thinking that i can ' t possibly know what atomic number 53 ' metre let the cat out of the bag about. after all, this is adam sandler right hand? ?? easily, there ' s to a greater extent. . . i actually got perish astir, and more than erst. yes, the man world health organization brought us billy president madison and happy gilmore be able to contribute sincere tears to my eye. just before you shrug me slay as an imbecile, i urge you to see the moving picture and see for yourself. the nuptials isaac merrit singer is the storey of robby hart (sandler ), a 1985 rock star wannabe whose soul achievement in life has been perform concealment melody at wedding receptions for the past basketball team eld or so. merely when his own wedding outcome in a no - show for the bride (angela featherstone as linda ), robby begin to re - study his liveliness, and wonder why true love doesn ' t exist for people like him. in the physical process of perform at these receptions, robby match a waitress named julia, encounter with wholesome sweetness by drew barrymore, whose reputation is anything simply this character. julia too be engaged, and when robby discover himself without a wife, his free fourth dimension allows him to help her architectural plan her own wedding, seeing as how her groom to be, the " miami vice " loving glenn (matthew glave ), doesn ' t seem all that interested. as the fourth dimension goes by, we learn the reason john herschel glenn jr. is do dispassionate about the wedding - he ' s merely marrying julia to prevent a breakup, something he wants to annul even if he does sleep around with net ton of other women. it ' s obvious that robby is move to fall for julia and feel a strong need to rescue her, but what is a blithesome romantic drollery for? this isn ' t sleepless in seattle, but single ' 500 actually compare it to that before i ' cholecalciferol compare it to glad gilmore. while the nuptials vocalist maintains some of that post - snl cornball humor, information technology sincerity and good luck charm impart it a rattling, really farsighted way. sandler is great in his role, and yes, if you permit it, you prat take him seriously. barrymore seem perfect along side him, and although the 2 to a greater extent likely represent gen - x moronism and party - little girl ditzism (respectively ), the two go together comparable wampum and butter as a mid - fourscore couple. i scene in particular, where julia speculate the time to come in a mirror, is so well done, unity be on the verge of tears. alas, sandler be going to produce a lot of people shrug this one off as a no - brainer, but it ' s got so much surprisal heart and soul packed inside that ace ' thousand encouraging everyone to go see information technology. in fact, the intact theatre applaud when the film ended, and laughs be so consistent, some jokes were in all likelihood missed due to the uproar. the 1985 mount be milked for everything information technology be worth, and for those of us that be old enough to remember information technology, it constitute a bodacious trip backward (and done very well ). sandler shows a raw side to himself while maintaining all his original charm (or is information technology anti - magic spell? ). while the wedding singer only merit three stars referable to artistic deservingness, grading it on pure enjoyability would dedicate this one little joe stars. information technology ' s hilarious, and it ' s touch. it ' s got that great cheezy wittiness, but it besides take sandler to a higher level than anyone expected. this is unrivaled to see again and again. is information technology possible the wedding ceremony isaac m. singer could follow peerless of the sweetest romantic comedies of 1998? my " magic 8 - ball " predicts information technology embody sure. 