quiz appearance, an about perfectly accurate true report, represent base upon the events of the popular television appearance of the mid - 50 ' s, " 20 - one ". on this trivial plot show, contestants be put in isolation booths and and so answered questions correspond to a family of their choice, on which they wagered an amount of points on. the game went on until a player hit twenty one points on felt they had earned plenty points to win. but, after rating set about to precipitate when players were struggling to break the zero mark, the producers decided to fix the game by give the answers to a protester before the secret plan commence. quiz display illustrate the on key stories of ii particular contestants, herbie stempel and charles van doren. stempel (john turturro ), a quondam g. unity. and your judaic man raising a family. stempel has be the reigning champion on " 20 - one " for many hebdomad and birth accumulated grand of dollars. in his mind, he is the best matter on television and the mass make love him. although, in the judgement of the display ' entropy producers, herbie stempel is getting old. dan enright (david paymer ), in particular, feels that the masses are tired of seeing a " jewish guy from queens with spoilt teeth " and that the nipper need person better to appear up to. therefore, they need to ascertain another contestant whom would be a desirable role model and the people will look upward to and cheer to win. individual who can defeat stempel, even if they have to recur to chicane. enter charles i van doren (ralph fiennes ), a well - civilize prof from a wide tell apart class. vanguard doren had decided to try out for the game display " tic tac dough " because his friend thought atomic number 2 would be ripe at that sort of affair. but when albert freedman (hank azaria ), enright ' due south assistant, situation van doren, the ii decide that they have find their before long - to - cost - ruler of the " xx - peerless " kingdom. caravan doren is not besides keen on the idea of receiving the answers forward of time, so enright william tell stempel that he is go to give the incorrect answer, on purpose, in order to lose the game. after stempel loses the " toilet " to van doren, he initiate to feel cheated (which he should ). meanwhile, on his own, dick goodwin (rob morrow ), a harvard police force grad, has decide to start an investigation on " xx - i " to try and retrieve out if there receive been any wrongdoings. his investigation take shocking results and lead to a test for enright and the others involved. quiz show be an passing well do movie, and robert redford ' s commission is especially brilliant. the performances turned in by john turturro, ralph fiennes, and rob morrow are very good, although information technology seem that turturro stands come out more than any. quiz show is also very precise when it come to explicating the honest case that inspired the photographic film. definitely a moving picture you should not overleap. 