outline: secret detective tom welles is hired by a wealthy widow woman to uncover the origins of a snuff film own by her former husband. after unveil the authenticity of the film, welles descends into an underground earth of perverse pornographers seeking vigilance man revenge on the filmmakers. comments: 8 mm be one of the more disturbing mainstream movie i bear seen in a long time. though information technology doesn ' t present a snuff picture show (a movie which documents a person ' sulfur murder for real, usually during operating room after some form of intimate act) as explicitly as the furor classic mute informant and violence as shockingly as, say, natural born killers, 8 millimetre stays in your head long after you see it. it be not fun to watch; see something else if you develop upset by realistic, sadistic fury. this plastic film ' s violence and perverse sex skirt closely into nc - 17 territory. for those with strong tum, nevertheless, eight mm is an intelligent, worthwhile thriller, especially during information technology second hour. nicolas coop, after a twosome holmium - hum moving picture show, returns to material which allows him to employ his strong acting abilities. as tom welles, a private police detective and caring family man to a wife and new - born daughter, cage skilfully and convincingly portrays a decent man whose unwavering energy easy transform into obssession and violence as he is pulled into a nightmarish world of underground pornographers and brutal sexual deviate. serving as a guide to this world embody joaquin capital of arizona, who act a struggling songwriter name goop california. calif., despite his name, is a surprisingly intelligent and complex part, and genus phoenix does a real good job at slowly pulling the audience to sympathy for the fictitious character. the real star of the movie, though, mustiness be peter stormare. stormare played the " genuinely, really evil guy " in fargo, and his persona, dino velvet, in this pic look virtually x times more evil and irregular. his performance is real chilling. octad mm ' s success may hardly personify surprising. it was directed by joel schumacher, who, hopefully, saw this film as an excuse for the dead horrific batman and robin. before direct the last deuce batman togs, however, schumacher was responsible for for various good - made horror picture show: lost boys, flatliners, and falling down. 8 millimeter certainly joins the rank of these minor classics and embody perhaps nigh reminiscent of fall down in that both films present an middling man who self - destructs before the audience ' s eye. 8 mm comprise written by andrew kevin walker, who likewise penned the academy award - get ahead thriller seven a few old age back. like 7, 8 millimeter is full of dialogue which haunts you advantageously after leaving the theater. welles represent searching for answers. how could anyone possibly drug and then slowly, methodically, sadistically stamp out a teenaged girl to take a crap a film? when confronting one of the perpretrators at the end, the murderer responds that there personify no reason. he just enjoys information technology. that, john walker seem to suggest, is where the actual terror lays: not in the crime itself but in the fact that rational motives do not subsist. a couple minor faults conduce me to my four - star rating (five stars is the high pitched paygrade i devote ). unity, i found it a little difficult, other on, to take on the fact that a toughened private detective would get physically sicken when initiative seeing a sniff film. yes, snuff is a horrible thing, simply a detective of george orson welles ' caliber has probably find dire things before. second, some of the hint swell gather are too convenient. helium chance upon, for example, the victim ' s diary in her individual privy, despite the fact the the police, the federal bureau of investigation, and her own mother have all investigated the way before. finally, the shutdown scene seemed trite and unbelievable considering the rest of the movie. despite the above criticisms, 8 mm constitute an engrossing history. i of the best picture in the film pass off toward the end as a crazed welles, who no more longer seems like a hoagy, brutally pound one of the porn merchant responsible for the snuff film. atomic number 2 tear a gun on the man and, for a comparatively foresighted amount of time, struggles to decide whether surgery non to kill him. he then go away the building and calls the dupe ' s female parent, in the middle of the nox, to essentially see if she would support the activeness. the total scene is tense, unpredictable, and emotionally charge. seldom, anymore, do horror flick surgery thrillers enkindle suspense in me as 8 millimeter, with scenes like this, did. 8 millimeter is most certainly not for the syncope of heart. this is a pictorial, frequently unflinching, look into the wickedness which domiciliate in both ordinary and extraordinary hoi polloi. if you ' re get up for a motion picture of this nature, i yield it an enthusiastic recommendation. 