is jimmy stewart the greatest role player of all - sentence? information technology ' s quite possible. his vocation spanned over xl years, and atomic number 2 acted in more movies than most actors ever could. yet, when he is talked about in the media, helium be generally call up of as an actor world health organization toy one eccentric of role: the nice guy cable. and that ' s genuinely a ignominy. " the naked spur track " lineament jimmy dugald stewart in a role completely different than what people would expect from him. it ' s a western, which stewart specialise in around this time period, and it honk him as a desperate man out to collect a bounty on a valet de chambre world health organization use to be his booster. before helium finds that man, though, he runs into 2 men world health organization agree to help oneself him, thinking he is a sheriff. when the criminal is eventually catch, the two workforce discover dugald stewart ' s secret, and decide they want a piece of the action overly. the residue of the motion picture cost a suspenseful journey in which each man suspect the other constantly. also featured is the woman travelling with the criminal, good dally by janet vivien leigh. we ' re never besides certain who ' s incline she ' second really on until the closing. vivien leigh be an actress plausibly best acknowledge for her part as the " exhibitioner lady " from " psycho ", and that ' s unfair. she move over a strong execution as a char who is pulled between these two men. stewart gives a execution unlike anything unity ' ve always attend from him. he normally keep coolheaded no matter what occurs, but here, he gets downright hysterical at time. ace think perhaps he take this role to prove to the public that he was more than barely a " nice bozo ". his carrying into action borders on psychotic person at clock time, but i loved watching every second of it. it ' s roles corresponding this one that bring in me look up to him equally much as i fare. he was an actor unafraid to accept chances, and even ruin his public image. 