in some respects, rush hour is the ultimate recitation in cliched filmmaking. the hero is the renegade cop that prefers to work alone. the cop in question cannot resolve the case until atomic number 2 gets in bother. all chinese people are in some manner call for in the criminal element. the duo must ever constitute completely mismatched. the hero of alexandria have to order some smart - assed comment before (and after) shoot someone. all the same, that doesn ' t necessarily make for a bad film. hasten hour is jackie chan ' siemens first of all major hollywood cinema since the dismal the protector (1985 ). proving once again that hollywood can learn many thing from foreign film markets (ie: hong kong ), jackie chan is pass on a great deal to a greater extent free sovereignty than before. all the same, some die - heavy jackie chan fans may embody disappointed, as even chan himself has voiced displeasure over the length of the conflict scenes (which he view as too unforesightful, according to one interview ). this movie takes a familiar theme of east sports meeting west. jackie chan is lee, the straight laced examiner who is imported to help deal with a kidnapping case, while chris tucker be carter, the loudmouthed, destructive cop that constitute ` promoted ' to the fbi to help him. or, at least, so helium thinks (too another classic feeling in action cinema: the fbi moldiness always get in the means of our hero sandwich ). despite the necessary conventions of action films, rush hour is some of the most fun you ' ll spend and hour and forty minutes watching. jackie chan continues to be one of the well nigh exciting martial artists on the big sieve, preserve to do his own stunts and daze audiences with his tawdry kick and punches. chris tucker, intimate from his whiny, annoying persona in the fifth constituent is more palatable, complementing jackie chan ' s straight - laced graphic symbol. however, jackie chan nonetheless maintain his comic - slapstick edge, as expected of him and his movie. perfectly downplaying the ` fish - ko'd - of - water ' routine through his character ' s attack at commix into american cultivation, atomic number 2 makes up for the gloomy time his reference experiences. when he is in action, even so, you ' ll be amused and daze. still being imaginative in the use of object to beat people up (in this case, a guidance bicycle, a helping tray, and a barstool ), jackie chan proves to be the groundbreaker of slapstick kung fu. chris benjamin ricketson tucker ' s grapheme may come across as irritating, all the same is also humorous. since he ' s non a physical doer to the level of jackie chan, helium uses his main arm: his mouth (hence, the tagline, ` fastest men in the east meets the truehearted sass in the west ' ). while dialog is non necessarily shakespeare, it be appropriate for the film and still really funny. while non needs poignant, try at character ontogenesis and growth between characters come off surprisingly considerably. richard henry lee ' s ` cognition ' of american dada culture (` that ' s the beach boys! ' ) when contrasted against carter ' s deficiency of knowledge of chinese culture construct for an interesting shot where lee teaches carter the kung fu demilitarise trick, while carter teaches lee hip - hop dancing moves. while rush hr is not at the same level as police story 3 and 4 (bang in north america as supercop and jackie chan ' s first smasher, severally ), it more than makes upward for the badly received films operation condor and mr. nice guy. with its appropriate mixture of high kick and lots of jest, information technology makes for a fun motion picture show. as easily, information technology is a true departure from jackie chan films, as it be missing unrivalled common element: a fretful female person centennial state - star. 