at that place must be some unwritten rule that tell, one gets enlightenment not in the way one carry to get enlightenment but in the commitment yield to assay wisdom, even if it is a foolish road one follow on and it seems to be leading nowhere. in the exotic morocco of 1972, a twenty five - year - old english hippie female parent, julia (winslet ), of ii sweet young girls, the 6 - twelvemonth - old lucy (carrie) and the 8 - year - old bea (bella ), has arrived for a year ' s stay, with the self - absorbed mother oblivious to how her daughters might be adjusting to this foreign experience while she is searching for a change of life time from her unfaithful poet husband (she make up not officially married to him) and her cold one - room london flat, and is sort of looking for the eternal truth in the sunny climate of marrakech. at least she says she equal, as she is making some try to meet a sufi sheikh in that respect who give all the answers. she have not planned thing out too carefully, make no money, and the trip doesn ' t seem like information technology ' s much merriment, more like a misadventure, with some romance with a local maroc thrown in. drugs, a world - wide youthful phenomenon during this period, where many westerner came to morocco to smoke the good hasheesh found there and to live the ' good life ' cheaply, and to be in a spot where they did not have to care about being harass by the local authorities, even though drug are illegal there. merely this is not show as one of her reasons for being here. in this film, the subject of drugs is never broached, only hinted at in an off - handed only slur way, as the hippie commune represent prove in a damaging light, strumming on their guitars and bragging about the hit of battery acid they accept taken. even the ones come in here for spiritual reasons, to survey the occult sufis, appear lost following a culture that is far different from where they be coming from. the film is found on the novel that comprise the autobiographical experience of sigmund freud ' s august - girl, esther freud, who traveled here in the 1960s with her mother and baby. information technology live indite by the director ' s pal, world health organization has antecedently directed regeneration, the playboys, and trojan eddie. the statute title of the film comes from the squeal giggles that order repulsive kinky gives the little girls. with julia welt for cash and not receiving a needed check her husband often forgets to send her, she is prevent from seeing the greatest keep sufi who is located in algeria; so instead, she play an acrobat street performer in the bazaar, bilal (tell taghmaoui ). atomic number 2 become her lover, taking the post of her husband as a begetter figure for the girls. the lady friend readily admit him, and there comprise no big - to - do made astir their openly intimate kinship, only the girls really don ' mt know what to make of the relationship. it peculiarly bothers bea, world health organization be embarrassed by her mother ' southward loose attitude and wants to go home. things go surprisingly sour when bilal take them to quell in his small greenwich village. it seems only when that bilal ' s charm follow meet by his shiftlessness, as he has a wife world health organization even lives on that point. this scene didn ' t make too much sense as to why he would take them thither know the billet, unless the uneducated homo was totally uneducated in the customs of his masses, also. but i uncertainty that. the kinsperson is now stuck without money in a feebleminded area try to decide what to do next, as they hitch a ride away from there with a truck device driver who about kills them when helium shine asleep by the wheel. lucy takes it all in stride and have a skilful disposition for travel, while bea precisely wants to move to a school and instruct something and be a ' normal ' female child. the beauty of marrakech is matched by the terrifying performance of kate winslet, as the motion picture show accurately encapsulates the timeless city and it bustling street scenes, expansive views, illustrious mosque, and high minded sunsets. kate ordain the feel of what information technology was like to be a westerner, living forbidden the countercultural experiences while awaiting to gather her sensibilities again and was fortunate enough to be able to go home the better off for her experience, as many a drop - out reluctantly feature to do after their stay ran out of money and purpose. the background euphony from groups comparable america and jefferson airplane, furnish further nostalgia for this easy to wait at and leisurely to grok film. the only hope cost that the two innocent girl would not be for good harm while on this visit, a venture that should be hold only for those of college age or aged who choose to go in that respect for themselves. the syndicate ' sulphur travel, which is on the edge, has julia waking up hollo from dreams that are bleakly haunting; but, when she dumbfound upward, all there is, is this glorious emptiness all around her and a vacuous life that is starting to bother her. that marrakech be disarmingly gorgeous and that london exist old hat to her, is starting to put on thin in her thoughts. it will sink in on her, when bea takes ill, as she reflects on what the sufi guru order her, whom she finally meets and is driven to tears in his presence. helium is the guru who replace the one she wanted to fancy but world health organization died before she got a fortune to see him. the new guru be ground in reality, something she is not grounded in, and seems to severalise her what she couldn ' t comprehend from anyone else, even comforting her, by telling her that her tears are memories - a gift from god. the picture show ' s weakness was the hollow feeling ace got from watching the story unfold in information technology risk free strain (she was there fundamentally to be just escaping from her situation) and how unappealing the beloved occasion seemed between bilal and julia. the storyline astir a helpless undivided parent, detract from the vivacious experiences many others of her same babe - godsend generation had during their trip to morocco, who were taken in by the mystical culture of sufism, a teaching that has a lot to offer its followers, contrary to the impression the film might give, seemed to pass her by. her knowledge of that trip is simply surface deep, at best. she perhaps would have been better cancelled not take the kids along, smoke some haschisch, and have been less assured of herself but to have behaved more same a hippie and she wouldn ' t take been so jittery all the time and had some fun on her journeying. after all, the mystical tripper constitute the journeying. the film ' randomness strength represent in how wholly the theatrical role be shown for what they be, and no one is that good or that bad, surgery judged besides gratingly for their shortcomings. bilal is unreliable only is open of generosity. the little girls be precocious but they are loveable. julia, the groundwork the film is build on, be a mother who cares astir the children but doesn ' t have sex how to contract forethought of them without unintentionally harming them. she was trying to escape from realness and that by returning to london, she has another prospect to see if she can find the key to this world surgery whatever world she is looking for and should no longer have nightmares about where she ' reciprocal ohm at. this is a very freudian way of life to look at things, as this sudden realization, that things are not aright puts an an end to her easterly hippie odyssey, at least, for the time exist. and, after all is said and done, who ' s to state if the children are too not proficient sour for surviving their experience, just like she probably was! 