steve soderbergh ' sulfur " sex, lies, and videotape, " which gain the grand prize at the cannes picture fete in 1989, arguably began the resurgence of independent celluloid. make on a shoe string budget of $ one. 2 million, with then relatively unknown thespian, it is a provocative, thoroughly original drama. the film mostly focuses on the four central quality, all in their former xx ' s - early 30 ' mho. ann (andie macdowell ), an unfulfilled woman of the house, is married to john (peter gallagher ), an insensitive lawyer, world health organization, unbeknown to her, is having an affair with her jr. sister, cynthia (laura san giacomo ). complicating matter yet worse make up graham (james spader, who won right worker at cannes ), john ' s old college buddy, world health organization comes to delay at their house. ann is dead won all over by him, even though she clear has stated that she have very little interest in sex. that is the set - up for the last hour of the impression, and since the motion picture is entitled, " sex, lies, and videotape, " it is best to proceed the eternal sleep of the story developments at bay so that they will come as a genuine surprisal. director steven soderbergh has prove to be a wildly offbeat film producer, ranging from the self governing, to the mainstream (1998 ' s " stunned of sight " ), to the downright kafkaesque (1997 ' s " schizopolis " ). he be the type of director who obviously takes a lot of chances, and believes in the work that he does, and, " sex, lies, and videotape, " is probably his virtually convinced, and maybe even salutary, to appointment. the performances represent superb from all four pencil lead, just macdowell stand out in what is in all probability the principal character. she be always a very winning actress, just this is in all likelihood her most trey - dimensional role that she has had (with a close 2nd being altman ' s 1993 mosaic, " brusk cuts " ). the other parts embody perfectly cast equally well, from spader ' s ominous graham, to gallagher ' s self - involved john lackland, to giacomo ' s outspoken cynthia. the last human action of the film, especially, comes right verboten of left subject area, and turns out to be both shocking and funnily touching, and information technology would constitute criminal to give away the film ' s closed book. suffice to suppose that, through one hefty chronological succession, ann is able bodied to somewhat come out of her shell, and john see a valuable lesson about honesty, as well as trick. the film have one mistake, however. the eccentric are almost all emotionally dusty and isolated from unrivaled another, and oftentimes unlikable. if there have been a few extra view with gallagher, information technology believably would have helped, since his kinship with macdowell isn ' t quite as explored as i would take like. " sex, lies, and videotape, " although minorly flaw, is still easy a brave and adult movement painting that is far more mature and honest astir its open matter than the usual plastic film. soderbergh understandably knew what he be doing while atomic number 2 was make it, and the final product certainly proves this. 