when you go to the movies every bit much as single dress, you unfortunately end upward seeing sure movie trailers one too many meter. such personify the case with frequency. every time 1 plump to a showing, there was the relative frequency preview. it appear awful. it looked cheesy, whacky and ridiculous. it look like a flop. well, whoever put that trailer together should personify fired, because in terms of pure amusement, frequency be one of the respectable of the class so far. frequency boasts a compelling write up lineage. an natural event of freakish solar activity allows police detective john sullivan (epistle of james caviezel) to speak to his stoker father frankfurter sullivan (dennis quaid) through with a ham radio, despite the fact that frank has cost dead for 30 years. john comprise able to give his father selective information that prevents his demise in a warehouse fervour, but by practice so causes other changes. in some way, a serial killer ' s sovereignty of holy terror, which in the original timeline have been quit at three execution, draw out to ten victims. .. including john ' s female parent. this constitute director gregory hoblit ' s third moving picture (the other two be primal veneration and devolve ). with all three, he ' s managed to tie himself to great scripts (this unrivalled by toby emmerich, whose only previous moving picture experience be as a music supervisor on numerous new line films) and add as with child direction. likewise, he apparently likes to have his films enfold up with a kick - seat ending. frequency is no exception, the end is irregular and fabulously satisfying. hoblit is tercet for three, and i promise he tail end keep it up. now everyone can fence logic this and logic that all you want with the sci - fi elements of frequency. but the fact of the matter is that sentence travelling has never been achieved. who ' s to say how something bring and how information technology doesn ' deoxythymidine monophosphate when it ' s never happened? is it because we ' ve become accustomed to fourth dimension travel " laws " from early shoes comparable " ace trek " and the back to the future trilogy and " quantum spring "? yes, if you sit down and think astir it, certain plot elements in this film in all probability won ' t score any horse sense. most films are like that. don river ' t let that dissuade you from seeing this incredibly entertaining film however. when oftenness was over, it made maine wish i had seen it with my father so atomic number 53 could have give him a hug (ok okey, shut up ). when you break it pop past all its sci - fi element and serial cause of death antics, frequence is simply a moving picture show astir a founder and his son and the bond that they share. it ' s touching, information technology ' siemens sincere, and it ' s what finally makes this movie work. [ pg - 13 ] 