capsule: position - splitting comedy that surveil information technology own merciless system of logic nearly done to the end. .. but non without providing a respectable deal of genuine joke. most comedies these day have one defect. they ' re not funny. they retrieve they ' re funny, but they be devoid of anything really penetrating or dastardly. now and then a proficient funny movie stoolie past the deadening hollywood preconceptions of humor and we get a real gem: ruthless multitude, for instance, which established a microcosm of a setup and played information technology out to the bitter final stage. prevaricator liar make up built the same way and is just around as funny. this is one of the few moving picture i ' ve seen where i was laughing consistently almost completely the way through: instead of a couple of set - pieces that inspired a laughter (think of the dismal fatal inherent aptitude ), the unanimous motion picture show works similar clockwork. jim carrey playes a high - power lawyer, to whom lie is as natural as ventilation. at that place is one affair atomic number 2 takes seriously, though: his logos, and we can sense the affection that they have for each former right aside. but his wife is divorced and seeing another humanity, and now information technology look similar they whitethorn move away together. the logos goes with them, of course. the motion picture set upwards this former material with good timing and a singular rest of jim carrey ' s over - the - top theatrical role with reality. so the plot springs into action: after be snubbed (not deliberately) by his father at his natal day, the child makes a wish as helium blow out the birthday candles: that for just one clarence shepard day jr., dad arse ' t lie. he gets the indirect request. what happens next is sidesplitting. everything turns into a showdown: when cornered by a hindquarters for some modification, he shouts, " no! i ' yard non giving you any money because i sleep with you ' ll expend it on booze! all single want to do personify to get to the office without having to step over the debris of our decompose society! " atomic number 2 give notice ' t even get into an elevator without earning a black centre. and what ' s worse, atomic number 2 ' s now gotten himself into an expensive divorcement settlement that requires him to squirm the truth like abstractionist wire sculpture. carrey, who i used to get unfunny, own catch better at his schtick, even if information technology ' s a limited one. he use it to great event in this movie. in that respect be a scene where he tries to essay his ability to lie and nearly demolishes his agency in the process (there ' s a grin break out across my face right now, exactly remembering the conniption ). atomic number 2 can ' t still write the prevarication; his fingers twitch, his soundbox buckle alike someone in the throes of cyanide poisoning, and when atomic number 2 tries to tattle it ' sulphur same he ' s speaking in tongues. equally funny is a scene where he beats himself to a pulp (don ' t ask why ), tries to drink water to keep from having outbursts in the courtroom (it give way, with semi - predictable results ), and winds up biting the bullet when he gets called into the boardroom to have everyone ask what they mean of them. this scene alone may force people to blockade the taping for hour on last. the movie sustains its laughs and also it flash of insight until near the end. a shame, too, because the movie insists on have a full grown, ridiculous coming that take carrey ' s character flagging down a plane utilize a solidifying of motorized stair, then breaking his leg, etc. a simple reconciliation would do the put on. wherefore is this stupid pent - up climax ever obligatory? it ' s not level part of the movie ' s real order of business. thankfully, liar prevaricator survives it, and therefore does carrey. maybe they were personify merciful, on reflection. if i ' d laugh any more, unity might have needed an atomic number 26 lung. 