the flick " magnolia " rear be liken to a simple flower as its title and movie bill poster propose. the dozens of characters introduced and prepare are alike the petals on the flush. they all follow from the same theme and as the flower begin to develop they acquire far and farther apart. the numerous characters in the moving picture show are all nearly tie no matter how different they are from one another socially. from a humiliated but kind copper to an senesce biz show host, each i of these characters is suffering the same form of pain sensation. they are each seriously lonely and essay the stark companion to end this loneliness. whether this companion be a distant folk member oregon a better half, each character begs for one and spend the whole film seek for the complete one. " magnolia " represent a clever, easily thought out film from prognostication director - author paul thomas carl anderson of " boogie woogie nights " celebrity. the detailed eccentric analyses and the powerful script make " magnolia " memorable. nonetheless, what really is impressive is that even though there comprise tons of characters in several unrelated tale, the moving picture show is never confuse. maxwell anderson ' s controller terminated transitioning from one story to another story is masterful. he also live on the dot when to cut to another subplot since non peerless of " magnolia ' entropy " scenes drag on too long. any iii hour film that does non deliver even i uninteresting scene is emphatically deserving recommending. from the fascinating start to the wild yet surprisingly fill ending the film just doesn ' t get oil production. information technology is obvious that anderson arrange a lot of time into connecting each subplot. this be the ultimate game of half dozen degrees of separation. every character embody connected to every early character by at the most 2 degrees. for model, cop john c. reilly is unite to game display host phillip bread maker hall through hall ' s daughter melora walters who once drop dead on a date with reilly. the fact that each lineament is indeed dissimilar from the others yet so similar shows that in that respect be universal pains that all classes, races, and gender endure. anderson ' s explanation to leaven this distributor point embody both accurate and convincing. the lonesome mistake anderson clear in essay to touch base his character was by making his player all sing an aimee mann song simultaneously. this was foolish not only because it was unconvincing and hilariously erroneous but also because it cause a broadway musical feel to information technology and this movie is about as far aside from your typical broadway musical than you can beget. the performances in " magnolia " are perfection. this is a classic lesson of flawless casting and flawless ensemble acting. anderson reserve many of hollywood ' s in force supporting actors to blossom at what they make best, character acting. all of the independent characters in each narration are perfect because they are able to bring out more than emotions and attitudes in their abbreviated sentence on the screen then most movie stars can do in a feature distance celluloid. worth noting is tom cruise, who stepped out of his common superficial starring part and into a funny only depressing circuit de force operation. he constitute probably mark more than the former actors in the film by award givers because his role here is so much different and impressive than those in the past (however any actor in this film could be nominated for best supporting actor without any complaints) the only problem i had with the acting was that a few of the characters felt seriously edited down such as melinda dillon ' s graphic symbol as phillip baker hall ' s married woman. she seemed to be thrown in towards the end and i felt very little sympathy for her because iodine had not seen her decent sooner in the celluloid. " magnolia " uses various efficacious metaphors to describe its characters. anderson have the natural endowment to attain the interview sympathetic towards legion people in only a few hours. to see that anderson is able to perfectly portray this many different types of people appearance that atomic number 2 bear a keen sense of diverseness. variety embody what makes a director successful for a long period of clock time. unity predict a lot of diversity and winner from anderson in the future tense. 