when i find out the lagger for " the sixth sense, " atomic number 53 didn ' thyroxin have a bun in the oven much from it. my snap judgment be that it was a watered - low version of " the shining " or mayhap a late - ledger entry in the glut of angel - related to movie / idiot box shows of a couple years ago. but wholly the buzz prompt me to give information technology a shot. it turn out to live one of the most satisfying movie experiences of the twelvemonth. bruce willis plays child psychologist malcolm crowe. at the beginning of the motion picture show, he personify look up to an award the city has given him for his work, but atomic number 2 is soon face by vincent, a patient malcolm failed years earlier (donnie wahlberg - one time new kid - in an impressive cameo ). a year conk, and malcolm be treat another child with the like symptoms vincent displayed. cole sear (haley book of joel osment) be a withdrawn kid world health organization is called " freak " by the former boys in the neighbourhood. uncanny thing appear to pass around cole - his mother (olivia williams) leaves the kitchen for a moment and getting even to find every cabinet and drawer open even though cole hasn ' t moved - and cole seems to know things that a kid his age shouldn ' t - for example, that on that point was once a gallows in his school. atomic number 2 steals religious image from churches to build a chapel in a pup tent in his bedroom. the trailer make away the film ' s first major plot twist. if it hadn ' tetraiodothyronine, the first hour of the picture show would be more engrossing because we wouldn ' t cognize what ' s amiss with cole. if you ' re prosperous plenty to give not seen the trailer, stop reading this review justly now and go image " the 6th mother wit. " anyways, since the trailer gave it away, i figure information technology ' s reasonable biz to discuss hither. one time malcolm gains cole ' s trust, brassica oleracea acephala reveals his secret: helium sees ghosts everyplace. dead people wander around non knowing that they ' re dead, invisible to everyone except borecole. malcolm gradually start to realize that cole is evidence the truth. the box berth success of " the sixth sense " has bring forth a lot of press astir how horror flick rule the box office this yr and flock of theories about wherefore that ' due south so. i detest to burst anybody ' second bubble, just " the sixth sensation " international relations and security network ' t really a horror film. at its nucleus, " the sixth sense " is a touching narrative of how a riotous kid and an emotionally - scarred grownup help each other to make a motion preceding their problems. some scenes with the trace are wondrous creepy, though. one that truly get to me: the spook of a boy says to cole, " i ' ll show you where my dad keeps his gun "; when the ghost turn, we see the bullet wound in the cover of his headspring. osment gives the best performance i ' ve ever see from a tike actor. it ' s hard plenty to find a grown - upward in hollywood who can give a subtle, naturalistic depicting! although willis sustain top billing, cole is real the protagonist of the story, and osment truly brings the complex tike to life. if only thomas willis ' work were as impressive. habituate to delivering catchphrases rather than dialogue, thomas willis is stiff and awkward as malcolm, his most ambitious role to engagement. ( this is a unfit omen for his future movie, " the story of us, " which chronicle the ups and downs of a wedding ). writer / director m. night shyamalan consume a lightness, poetic touch that survive to the heart of the spectator without seeming whacky or trite. atomic number 2 ' s likewise a expert fibber, as the movie ' s ending demonstrates. exclusively when the final secret be revealed do you understand that shyamalan has been hint at it throughout the movie. look for a cameo by the director as a md world health organization treat brassica oleracea acephala. bottom descent: osment should get an oscar nomination, and you should fit take care this moving picture. 