let ' due south say you live at the remnant of an aerodrome rail. large jetliners continuously overhaul over your house, rattling your windows and allow few moment of peace. let ' s say the ground beneath your foot be also contaminated with toxic substances, and mellow voltage power air run across sword towers only yard from your home. now let ' southward sound out an drome conglomerate wants to buy your belongings in decree to lengthen the runway, and offers you more than it ' s worth. wouldn ' thymine you jump in the atmosphere and consume your bag pack before you landed? of path you would. but what if this flake of edwin herbert land was your idea of paradise, and the mansion your castling? that ' s what they are to darryl kerrigan (michael caton ), and although he ' s happy that a multi - interior pot would like to purchase his nursing home, sorry, it ' s not for cut rate sale. unfortunately, the corporation wields quite a morsel of influence terminated the australian government, which serve darryl and his family with what quantity to an eviction notice. not astir to take this lying down, darryl enlists the aid of his tactless lawyer friend dennis denuto (tiriel mora) and makes a dictated, albeit pathetic, effort to fight back. the rook, an australian clowning by rob sitch, is perhaps one of the simplest pic i ' ve run across in recent memory, til now as well one of the rum. in fact, it is this film ' s trust on ease which makes it so successful. the good guys and the unsound guys are unmortgaged, the humor be straight, and the plot line is as uncomplicated as it receive. it ' s the perfect apparatus for a relaxing, hilarious good time, and equally much as i hate to admit it, i like the fact that ane didn ' t have to think all that much while watching this film. i just sat backward and enjoyed myself. the situation is one we ' ve see before: regular joe fights back against the governing, surgery big business, operating room whatever. what makes this celluloid different is information technology characters. darryl thinks he ' s got the best life in the world - he tells his family that living next to power lines be a constant monitor of the achiever of mankind, he asks who would always want to go out and eat in a fancy restaurant when he ' s got the meat loaf feast prepared by his wife sal (anne tenny ), and he swells with superbia when his son dale (stephen curry) drudge a hole in the yard. steve kerrigan (anthony simcoe) always comb out the buy and sell ads look for " investment " like joust stick and overhead projectors, while wayne kerrigan is in jail, as a result of dennis denuto ' s incompetent courtroom maneuvers. the great thing about the kerrigans is that they aren ' thyroxin thence stupid that they get annoying. they ' ra barely a group of simpleton whose primitive nature is perfectly harmless and even endearing. we look upon them with a short bit of pity, but a solid lot of affection. screenwriter sitch, santo cilauro, tom gleisner, and jane kennedy pit this lovable bunch of unlikely crusaders against a stoical court system and a condescending business pudding stone, far polarize the extremes and deepening our feelings for the kerrigans. sympathy for their place, the laughter they bring us, and the family ' s wonderful depiction, simpleton as information technology english hawthorn exist, leaves us with a degree of emotional investment that causes u to actually handle about what bechance to them. i suppose one might inquire how mysterious characterization can go when your fictional character be as fatuous as the kerrigans, but trust maine, information technology works. i particularly noted that the writer did not have to use slapstick in order to get laughs. don river ' t get maine wrong - slapstick, when carry through well, can be genius. it ' s just that too often, a motion picture show will fall back to information technology ' s enjoyment as a shortcut to amusing the audience, not always successfully. instead, the jokes in the castling are all hinged upon the dialogue talk by these multitude world health organization have no melodic theme that they be wholly skewed to the rest of the macrocosm. when they be by themselves, the personify risible, and when they are with normal people, they are hilarious. ace of the few problems i saw with this cinema was a roundabout way taken about midway though. the kerrigans go out to a holiday spot for seemingly no rationality other than to pack in a few more jokes and increase the film ' s run time. fortuitously, it ' s a funny small detour that, while slenderly distracting from the film ' s main drive, be however rather gratifying. with all the levity abound in the rook, the celluloid still manages to take on a pretty heavy concept, that of the innate right of a citizen to prevent his property, an issue which has personify bandied about in court across the civilized world with differing result. iodine ' m not certain the courtroom monologue near the terminal of the film would actually hold up in veridical animation, but information technology brings to the vanguard the essence of the constitution (of australia) and surely sounds impressive at any charge per unit. and, for that issue, information technology ' s more than i would have expected out of a unclouded hearted film comparable this. 