anyone who learn alan rickman ' randomness delicately - realized performances in truly dementedly deep and sense and sensibility will represent not surprised that the actor - turned - director is a bit of a poet at heart. nonetheless, for those who call back him only as the maniac scoundrel of die hard and robin hood: prince of thieves, this recognition crataegus laevigata be something of a shock. all the same, " poetical " is an excellent terminal figure to describe rickman ' s feature introduction as a director, the winter edgar guest. the plastic film has a childlike, unhurried calendar method of birth control that uses all of the usable elements to fashion a successful whole. the result is an occasionally haunting, sometimes sorcerous, and always insightful human drama. the wintertime guest international relations and security network ' thymine astir resolving secret plan threads and advancing a story business line; it ' s about exploring family relationship and examining life in all of information technology stages. the wintertime guest does not tell a traditional tale, nor does information technology ascribe to a established narrative social system? on that point is no real beginning operating theater end. or else, we be given an opportunity to observe one day in the lives of eight world. they represent both sex, multiple generations, and a variety of relationships? male person and female; new, middle - aged, and elderly; ally, would - constitute lover, and kin. we see arithmetic mean fulfilled and disappoint, worked up boundaries eroded, and truths unveiled. thither is comedy and tragedy. most importantly, often of what transpirate during the course of the winter edgar guest will find an echo in our own lives? in this fabrication toilet live found much truth. the setting be small townspeople in scotland on the coldest day of the year. it ' s so arctic that the ocean has begun to freeze over. the onshore farting cutting like a tongue and snow blankets the beach, giving the terrain an alien appearance. it is against this background that the human relationship of the film are captured. thither be iv pairings, and, although there is some interaction between the unlike twain, the wintertime guest ' s focus is on the dynamics internal to each kinship. the first, meatiest pairing live that of elspeth (phylida police force) and her latterly - widowed daughter, frances (emma thompson ). these 2 have a stormy relationship. they be intimate each other deeply, merely both are stubborn and willful, and neither is unforced to admit that they need the early. much of their interaction is argumentative, only, during the line of a farsighted walkway to the flash frozen shoreline, they do to an unspoken agreement of how much each means to the other. france ' adult boy, alex (gary hollywood ), is a lonely young man who has been caring for his mother since the dying of his padre. on this mean solar day, helium meet a lady friend, nita (arlene cockburn ), world health organization stimulate secretly been spying on him for weeks. although their beginning brush is antipathetical (she throws a snowball at him ), both quickly suit cognisant of an undeniable attracter. once they go to bed to a place where they can be solely, however, things wear ' triiodothyronine go exactly equally planned. lily (sheila thomas reid) and chloe (sandra voe) be a couple of old friends world health organization are frequent funeral attendees. expiry is a topic of endless captivation for them, perhaps because they are so close to it, and they expend their spare time rake the obituaries, depend for the next funeral beaver state cremation in the area. it doesn ' t matter whether or not they knew the expire. it ' s the ceremony that they ' rhenium interested in. surface to air missile (douglas murphy) and gobbler (sean biggerstaff ), a pair of schoolboy chums, are spending this cold blooded february day cutting class and hanging out at the beach, horsing close to, ramp up a small fire for fondness, and walking on the frozen water. dissimilar lily and chloe, these two have their entire life sentence ahead of them. they are young plenty to all the same believe in magic, simply sure enough enough to recognize that the process of crossing into adulthood robs life of the simple joy that only children hind end experience. the playing be strong and believable. the mixture of veteran performers and foremost - timer is effective, with the nigh successful alternative being the casting of real - lifespan female parent and daughter phylida law and emma homer a. thompson in the most prominent roles. in that location equal a chemical science in their interaction that would be laborious to duplicate with two different, non - related actors. and, of course, the physical resemblance make it that a lot gentle to accept elspeth and anatole france as parent and child. the wintertime invitee begin information technology life as a stage play in 1995, with rickman as the director. 4 of the motion picture show ' s principals, phylida law, arlene cockburn, sheila reid, and sandra voe, appeared in the theatrical version before moving to the film. different several late motion picture adapted from swordplay, the winter guest has been successfully opened astir. the rough, cutting scottish countryside turn equally much of a character as any of the eight humans. in fact, study how crucial the climate is to every relationship nether rickman ' s microscope, information technology could constitute argued that this is the single about authoritative element of the moving picture. if you appreciate character studies, the wintertime edgar guest be a solid cause with enough mightiness to ride out with you after you have left the theater. 