when atomic number 53 first saw the trailer for bokkos howard ' entropy latest film, my expectations were discouragingly low. a appearance about nothing? sounds alike " seinfeld. " a guy whose intact life story be broadcast 24 hours a day? sound alike " the truman show. " what is it with hollywood that no sooner than one yield society puts out an animated feature astir emmet, another puts one out astir bugs? which live wherefore atomic number 53 be pleasantly surprised by " edtv, " which turns out to be a fresh, insightful, and often times uproarious film about the unwiseness of instant fame. the committal to writing, by leslie howard ' s longtime collaborators lowell ganz and babaloo mandel, is right on the money and leslie howard himself should be credited for giving the subject matter a refreshing focus. in the hand of a less - experient director, " edtv " could easy have make all the flavor of yesterday ' randomness meatloaf. with their ' true tv ' cable system ratings being threatened by ' the gardening distribution channel ' (apparently multitude would rather watch soil ), the northwestern broadcast medium company is looking for a fresh concept to pull in looker. program director artemis topping (ellen degeneres) come improving with the idea of putting a nobody on the airwave and broadcast his every waking and sleeping moment. the hook be to find a even hombre, someone normal that people can relate to. while scout possible candidates, cynthia ' s camera crowd discover ed pekurny and his pig brother ray of light (woodsy harrelson) in a bar, where ray trust he has what it takes for his 15 plus minutes of fame. only on check the videotape, the appearance ' due south producers are to a greater extent taken with ed than with ray. helium ' s cute, he say all the wrong thing, and atomic number 2 ' s 100% usda hick. cynthia ' s boss, act by rob reiner, gives the show a week to deliver the goods and information technology ' s hard going in the former stage. the to the highest degree exciting thing that happens is ed brushing his teeth. " activity shot! " wags one of the production assistants when a couple of pop lady of pleasure jump taboo of the wassailer. you get the idea. but soon enough, things - - nielsen - boosting kinds of things - - beginning to bump to this unassuming san francisco picture store clerk and the ' true television receiver ' cameras be right there to document it. erectile dysfunction ' s privacy represent no longer his ain, his newfound fame starts having a disconfirming impact on his family life, and what little gravitas he has left is trampled on by the media. who should ed go out with? you privy be sure the pollsters feature a inclination. non only is the celluloid exceedingly well shape, but its performers are consistently splendid. saint matthew mcconaughey put up the font, the body language, and the loveable texan accent to fill the shoes of u.s. ' s latest phenomenon. helium and harrelson look corresponding they really could follow brothers. sally kirkland is noteworthy in a difficult role as ed ' s female parent, and martin landau is one and only of the film ' s highlighting as al, erectile dysfunction ' s ailing stepfather. jenna elfman (from telly ' siemens " dharma and greg ") proves herself amazingly worthy in the society of kirkland and landau, although those alpine eyebrow of hers beat a little distracting. even degeneres and reiner are in effect than you ' five hundred expect. in 1979, writer / director / comedian albert brooks made a zany little film call " genuine animation " in which a little - time opportunistic makes a genuine - clock time documentary about a distinctive american family. the scenes of ed ' s family sitting around the dinner party table feasting on kentucky fry wimp and waxing crackbrained play like a big - budget variant on that cinema, paralleling its wickedly imaginative humor. as with most films by albert brook, " substantial life " was singular, but absurd. the fishy - - and scariest - - affair astir " edtv " is that it is utterly believable. 