jarvis cocker of pulp once order that helium drop a line common people after mark mike leigh box - sets on the video shelves - - he had a feeling that economical deprivation represent becoming a tourist experience for the fountainhead - off. peradventure it ' s a classic case of displacement: information technology ' s easier to watch jarvis ' own lyrics (obsessed with acrylic and forest chip on the wall) as a fetishization of lowlife, instead than leigh ' s films. only information technology ' s worth being remind that drab interior and a duo of working - course character don ' t make for a guarantee of ' authenticity ', let alone a good motion picture show. it ' s the victory of secrets & lies, then, that it goes beyond gesture of fellow feeling for the common the great unwashed into a probing of only what it means to seek ' authenticity ' and honesty in everyday lives. follow her adoptive mother ' s funeral, hortense, a young dark optometrist, sic out to find her birth mother, and is stir up to find out that she is white. it be cynthia, a factory proletarian who subsist in a shabby house with her perpetually moody girl roxanne. artemis ' s unseasoned brother maurice is a successful lensman world health organization has not seen his sister for ages, largely because of his wife ' s animosity towards her. hortense call in up cynthia, world health organization ab initio breaks down in split and refuses to realise her. but their mutually leery meeting gives way to a fond friendship eventually. artemis invites hortense to come on to a political party, which maurice is hosting. .. secret & lie has a simple decent theme at it meat - - as one character puts information technology, " best to tell the sojourner truth, international relations and security network ' t it? that room nobody gets spite. ". but if the film delivers much more than a trite message, it ' s because we are also register how hard information technology tail exist to face upwards to ugly truths, yet while the evasions and mute grievances slowly choke us. hence, artemis ' s difficultness with acknowledging (first to herself, then to others) that hortense is her daughter. nonpareil of her first reaction to seeing hortense is a sincere denial that she have ever " been with a bootleg man ", before a foresighted - suppressed memory seize her. at the company, cynthia ' s guise that hortense is her factory co - worker leads her to ever more than tangled lies, every bit agonizing as they constitute funny. little lies seep into every niche, comparable maurice pretending that he ' s " just dangle by " when he visits artemis after much deliberation. maurice ' s line as a lensman give the motion picture show opportunities for face comment on the master theme - a sad - looking bride that maurice coaxes to smile, a couple who pose awkwardly with a prominent nuptials ring and argue about his spectacles. one of the most startling image is of a beautiful woman with large scars on her face: she suppose she needs the photo to front " as speculative as possible " to collect indemnity money, til now the myopic scene leaves you wondering astir what untold tale lies behind the scars. there are occasionally hilarious moments, as when cynthia try to give her girl some unwelcome advice on contraceptive method, " i ' ve got a dutch cap floating about somewhere upstairs "; or when cynthia stare at her own rather pedestrian legs and tells roxanne, " if you ' ve got it, flaunt it, is what one say. " as playact by brenda blethyn, cynthia come close to be a caricature, with her nervous, somewhat disconnected style of talking. simply she ' s actually simply right field for the role of someone who inspires understanding and til now strains the tolerance of those around her, precisely because she ' s so needy of love, perhaps. indeed, the unscathed dramatis personae gives warmly round off, detailed performances. the script be developed partly through improvisation, and the coalition of mold, script and director shows best in the company scene - seemingly everyone is talk at the like metre, and yet many subtle observations are be made throughout. in a very different way, only also use a long unmarried blastoff, the scene of hortense and artemis ' s first meeting in a lonely caf = 8a achieves a poignant intensity, all the more for their reticence and unspoken feelings. the film ' siemens flood tide - with completely the secrets and lie finally spilled out in ibsen - esque revelation of saint john the divine, and everybody embrace each other - is the one thing that seems false astir this film. withal, it ' s a film that really earns information technology glad ending after the misery and repression of the character ' s life sentence. when cynthia says near the close, this be the life, innit? , you get the sense that, following the cynicism of his final film naked, vivien leigh has rediscovered that life can make up sweet after all, without comfort illusions. the fly inkpot ' s rating arrangement: * wait for the tv. * * a small creaky, but nonetheless expert than staying at home with gotcha! * * * pretty honorable, wreak a quaker. * * * * amazing, potent hooey. * * * * * idol. see it double. 