" i know what you do last summer, " the beginning high - visibility slasher thriller to be released after 1996 ' s " scream, " and written by the same film writer, kevin williamson, is a stylish, effective horror film that became 1997 ' s biggest smasher of the fall season. while " scream " was a more knowing flick about the genre, " i get it on what you come last summer " is more reminiscent of a straight - forward slasher flick, but it is far more intelligent than such bottom - of - the - barrel guilty pleasures as all nine of the " friday the 13th " films (well, okay, " jason goes to hell " was pure infernal region to sit down through ). the film starts off with four talented, aspiring teenage friend who have just graduate from mellow school in their small boating ithiel town of southport, n. c. it be the 4th of july, and they will soon equal manoeuver their separate ways. kind - hearted julie (jennifer love hewitt ), and outsider ray (freddie prinze jr.) testament be headed off to college, while helen (sarah michelle gellar ), who has exactly been honored croaker queen in the town, and her ignorant supporter boyfriend, barry (ryan phillippe ), are going to new york to turn an actress and football game thespian. when the little joe of them move around to a nearby mountain - position beach for the evening, they are dismayed after arrive at a man in the road on their way home. distraught and confused, they decide they can ' t go to the police because they bequeath represent charged with manslaughter, so they devise a architectural plan to throw the seemingly stagnant dupe off a peer into the sea, in hopes no one will get him. julie is apprehensive about information technology, but be forced into information technology by barry. switch to exactly a year later, julie, still unable to make out to terms with what she did, reluctantly returns home from college to find that all three of her previous booster are yet in the ithiel town because their life history design did not work out. virtually immediately, julie recieves an ominous letter that just translate, " atomic number 53 know what you did last summer, " and that is the kickoff of their problems as they find themselves cost terrorized by a mysterious figure dressed in fisherman gear and yielding a giant hook. " i know what you did utmost summertime, " is a successful revulsion moving picture show for a number of reason. the cinematography by denis crossan could really intimately be name as hitchcockian, as it cast shadows, murk, steam, and other clever devices to add atmosphere to the proceedings. the characters, particularly julie and helen, be realistically written, and the flick amazingly softwood with their broken relationship in a few scenes, which is largely uncharacteristic in moving picture show of this sort. and final, the motion picture create a few dazzling and scary set - piece that are some of the most memorable i ' ve go out in a horror movie, particularly the suspenseful, marvelously shot sequence involving helen at her family ' s memory with the killer inside with her. perhaps the good character is that of young woman egan (anne heche ), a lonely backwoods woman whose brother exist the one julie opine they hit. heche ' s performance comprise a standout, as she be able to create a total character in only about 10 minutes of screen time. " iodin know what you suffice last summertime, " could have exist a great horror movie if not for a few job. prinze jr. gives a operation to be desired here, and often of his dialogue sounds wooden coming out of his mouth. also, the climax of the motion picture nearly completely loses it terrorization grip after information technology unveils the mystery killer, world health organization is a decidedly bad histrion and should not have follow make any lines. luckily, the penultimate scene saves the disappointing finale, which includes an like an expert craft " alternate - in - your - tail " panic attack. in the main role, hewitt and gellar represent highly talented, and hewitt, peculiarly, is one of the best screamers i ' ve ever heard. she honestly could kick in jamie lee curtis a little competition for the best " screeching queen. " and gellar is touching as a young char who, in the track of unmatched yr, finds her dreaming of being an actress in the end shattered. although not up to the level of either " screech " movies, or the more recent, " urban legend, " " unity make out what you set last summertime " is a respectable, smartly - scripted slasher film that firmly proved good repugnance movies were formerly again being build. 