there are times when the success of a finicky film depend entirely on one actor ' s effort. often a unmarried performance can turn what mightiness have been a sort of mediocre moving picture show into something worthwhile. when one of these comes along, unity unremarkably try to think about how many early people couch work into the film, that there is no room one person could possible carry the entire project on his shoulder. but sometimes there cost just no former explanation, and such is the vitrine with " the hurricane. " this biopic about falsely convict pugilist rubin " hurricane " carter would normally make up called " norman jewison ' south ' the hurricane, ' " as per the tradition of referring to a film " belong " to a film director. but though atomic number 2 does decent work, jewison cannot claim ownership of " the hurricane, " because thither is one reason this film work at all, and his name equal denzel washington. wa wreak carter, a packer world health organization in 1967 be convicted of a late - dark shooting in a bar. jailed for 20 eld, helium maintained that helium had never committed the crimes, but persist in jailhouse after a second test and countless appeals. the berth exchange when a radical of canadians moved to washington and worked on discharge carter. through the crusade of that group and carter ' southward lawyers, he was eventually give up when their eccentric was listen in federal judicature and the judge decree that rubin carter have embody unfairly convicted. the film particular carter ' s puerility, which had him in and extinct of jail because of the campaign of a racist cop (dan hedaya ). when atomic number 2 eventually catch out of prison house for respectable, carter became a rising star as a middleweight pro boxer, seemingly having his calling on track, until the police framed him for multiple homicide. despite the efforts of political activists and celebrities, he remain imprisoned. flash forward to 1983, when lesra (vicellous reon shannon) a young african - american boy, hold up with a group of canadian private instructor, translate the book carter write while in prison house. the book, entitled " the sixteenth round, " open vernal lesra ' s eyes to the injustice that live carter ' s life, and helium vows to aid free the incarcerated packer. lesra win over his canadian friends (deborah unger, liev schreiber, john hannah) to work with him towards his end. " the hurricane " leans on denzel george washington. atomic number 2 must carry most every scene by sheer force of volition, and he does so bright. information technology ' s probably accurate to say that washington do non embody rubin carter, because he plays a fibre far stronger and noble than any real person could go for to be. information technology would perhaps be more accurate to pronounce that american capital embodies the character of rubin carter - - a fabricated personality forge exclusively for the film. the histrion ' s work is consummate; george washington throws himself into every moment, reject to maintain the audience at arm ' s length. we feel everything he feels: the humiliation of having to return to prison after fighting so operose to make something of his life time, the pain sensation of have got to order his wife to give up the fight, and the arrant despair helium feels when coming to the conclusion that all leslie townes hope is lose. booker taliaferro washington ' s constitute a performance of weight and emotional depth. helium doesn ' t merely take on wild, glad, or sad; he feels it at the deepest grade. his work is masterful, and for one half of this film i realized that the scene i was watching would not get be nearly as affecting as information technology was if it had been in the hands of another actor. norman norman jewison place the film, doing a reasonably good occupation of pacing and shot excerpt. " the hurricane " moves quick, with no conniption drawn out much farther than necessary and the narrative galloping along nicely. norman jewison handles his multiple flashbacks advantageously; the audience is always cognisant of exactly what the time and place of each scene be, and nothing is atrociously confusing. his boxing scenes, reconstruct with decipherable aspiration from " raging bull, " get inside the action very advantageously, and they be credible as substantial sports footage. jewison place together a peculiarly overnice scene by employ a pretty cool trick: carter is sent to solitary confinement for 90 days when he refuses to wear a prison uniform, and jewison, serve by some wonderful acting from a game washington, shows how carter gradually starts to lose his mind during the constant solitude, and finally we get three rubin carters arguing with each other in one cell. jewison ' s best achievement in " the hurricane " be win at showing how carter becomes an embittered man during his hard - knock life, and how he is able to break prohibited of that bitterness and learn to trust people again. lamentably, though, the film ' s chief failures lie with the screenplay, as with most of the good - just - non - with child attempt to assault the pike this winter. there be practically to stake a viewer in " the hurricane, " but it seem that every time the film gets a probability to take the to the highest degree clich? d route possible, it do. take a feeling at the supporting characters, for example, who be drawn upwards as either entirely expert or entirely malevolent. james earl carter and lesra (play nicely by claude shannon, world health organization deserves quotation) are the only real people here; everyone else is a stereotype. the canadians comprise good. the pig are bad. the canadian drop most of their clip dolefully grinning at each other in their lovey - dovey commune (and it is a commune, despite the film ' s failure to make that clear ), while every racist copper (especially dan hedaya ' s) melts in out of the shadows and glowers at every black person that enters the way. much of the dialogue come off as quite hokey (" hate couch me in prison. love ' s gonna stony broke me come out of the closet. " ), and the big courtroom climax during which everyone mystify to realize an torrid speech could sustain been lifted from a produce - for - tv lifetime special. it ' s too bad. the cast is game, the managing director behave his chore, and the subject matter exist interesting, merely the playscript takes the safer, slightly more boring route far excessively often. i wanted a real reasonableness for the cop to deem a grudge against james earl carter former than " he ' s a racialist pig bed. " one wanted more than evidence that these canadians are actual the great unwashed with faults and virtues instead of a caboodle of saintly crusaders looking for justice. in short, i wanted to see the motion picture through a less distorted lens system. criticism have live levy against the autonomy " the hurricane " take with the truth of what really happened to carter, and much of it make up merit. for example, the moving picture show gives us a box scene showing carter pummeling defending title holder joey giardello, entirely to be screw by the justice, world health organization ruled giardello the winner. most account statement of the fight, however, have james earl carter jr. losing fairly. moreover, much of carter ' s criminal past tense is conveniently left extinct of the motion picture show, and just why he was convicted again in his 2nd test is never really explicate. of path, " the hurricane " works mainly as a fable, so digressions from the truth can cost justify at least partly, but even dismissing such matter don ' t bump off one fact: " the hurricane " is a extremely flawed picture show. but one histrion could have defecate a schmaltzy, predictable pic like this work as well as information technology make, and it ' s a full thing " the hurricane " has that player. james earl carter has been cite as saying, " denzel wa is making pine tree state look good, " but helium ' s non the only one. washington pee this picture look good. denzel capital of the united states ' southward " the hurricane. " sounds somewhat good to me. 