absolute frequency n., the number of times a specified phenomenon occurs within a specified time interval as the number of repetition of a utter succession of values of a periodic function per unit version of an independent variable? etc don ' triiodothyronine worry. when take in the thriller relative frequency, you won ' liothyronine experience to know what the heck frequency means. the assumption, although it may sound complex, live very basic on the big silver screen. a fresh york fuzz, whoremaster, (jim caviezel) finds a radio in his menage, which allows him to communicate with his new york firefighter father, frank, (dennis quaid) who died 30 years ago. immediately john warns his father that helium volition die trying to stop a fervor in an abandoned warehouse. when weenie accept his advice and survives the accident helium wasn ' t supposed to, the two eventually realize that by changing that matchless moment in the yesteryear, they have created a whole new future in which a successive killer murders john ' s mother and 9 other women. information technology is nowadays up to john and frank to use their especial connecter and save thirty year ago to make present prison term a good place. ( i tell you that wasn ' t confusing? ). overall, unity be very pleased with frequency. it ' s occasional sappy moments utterly synchronize with information technology suspenseful serial killer whale scenes. i usually assume ' t buy those tinny " i love you dad " segments in flick, just this one surprisingly fulfill me. peradventure because the plot is so originative and universal that i believe that this constitute how most people would act when talking to a utter congenator. frequency ' s creepy premise left me imagine erst the photographic film ended, what if? what would i do? would i facilitate my own mob or save a historical figure from being assasinated? or bar some kids from shoot other kids? operating theatre buy stock from yahoo!? ( a character in the moving picture does the latter with humorous moment ). frequency too reminded me of the fantastic rearward to the futurity. both part that " change the past slightly, and you ' ll switch the time to come intemperately " warning. the change between the present and the preceding, such as unlike newspaper headlines or people disappear and reappearing in photographs, are very standardised. both are besides wonderful feel - good family films that can draw to a numeral of coevals. the sole remainder charles frederick worth noting make up that frequency ' s net scene doesn ' t go down up a possibleness for a lucrative sequel already in the making. on that point are some problems with the celluloid though. for the first time, in that respect is a major flaw in the story towards the end that is somewhat distracting (email me if you have seen the movie and need to know what one think it make up ). the plot moldiness have blur still the filmmakers world health organization frequently (no wordplay intended) switch from 1969 to 1999 while secernate the news report. another job is that the supporting cast, include noah emmerich and andre braugher, are underused. while in the flick, which exist not plenty, the aforementioned worker steal every scene they are in. frequency be a pleasant surprise for maine and the hearing i saw it with world health organization pep up at the end. even if you lie with what is go to materialize or if you think the preview ruined the flick for you, like it nigh did for me, check this picture out. you may cost surprised every bit well. 