the promotion for veneration and loathing in las vegas? has made the picture show out to personify a comedy, and for astir the world class hour oregon so it seem like it might be one. information technology ' s 1971, and the hippie movement experience left behind quite a a few wash - outs, among them journalist raoul duke (johnny depp) and his " attorney " dr. gonzo (benito del toro ). these two spend most of the film in a drug - induced stupefaction, having strange hallucinations, trash their hotel rooms, and either gravel or affright almost everyone that crosses their path. duke is first of all designate to cover an outdoor desert bike race in las vegas, but gets lost in a blur of drugs, beer, and flying detritus, and ends up wandering around with no clew who won. he leave behind vegas briefly before he be station back, in what can only embody described as a strangely appropriate twisting of fate, to cover a drug enforcement conference. concern and loathing have been misunderstand by some as glorifying the use of drug. it doesn ' metric ton, even in the beginning - - while the distich ' s antics be sometimes amusing and relatively harmless at first, the humour hither live however fairly dark. music director terry gilliam views them with a rather satiric middle, and still when we ' re laughing, we ' re laughing at them preferably than with them. they spend most of their clock time paranoiac, tempestuous, or just plain befuddled, which is belike an understandable reaction to seeing the entire elbow room suddenly fulfil up with gargantuan reptiles. the black clowning may constitute entertaining to watch onscreen, just it ' southward probably not something most early audience members would want to experience first - hand. all this aside, i was set forth to grow a bit ungratified as the film take up near its one - hr mark, thinking to myself that i wanted something more taboo of this than just an bump off - kilter satire of drug cultivation. thankfully, the script deliver information technology before too long, as duke, in a uncommon moment of lucidity, stops to echo how atomic number 2 be once an enthusiastic flower child, " riding the wave " of something that seemed special and significant. at present it ' s six years later and the wave have finally fail, as atomic number 2 puts it. bourgeois culture is still alive and well and, for most of this motion picture, right in his grimace in las vegas; the " american aspiration " of which duke occasionally speaks exist all the same just as shallow and phony as ever. the social contestant have lost, and the more questionable vista of the movement take in turned ugly and left casualties such as duke to stray in a sea of drug and disillusionment. in many way, reverence and loathing is gilliam ' s most reality - establish moving picture show; all of his others, with the exclusion of the fisherman king, have reach use of some sort of phantasy oregon science - fiction plot elements. nevertheless it is his sour - the - wall masterpiece brazil? to which this plastic film bears the most visual resemblance. the protagonist of brazil found himself alternately surrounded by a plastic, soulless club and the unvarying chaos of totalistic police inspections and terrorist attack, and similarly duke ' s world is composed of the artificial, empty glam of las vegas and the flaky anarchy of his drug hallucinations. unlike the booster of brasil, all the same, duke is not a particularly admirable figure, and neither represent off the wall. during the latter half of the film, their trips turn nastier and the consequences worse, eventually building improving to an incident an a diner in which gonzo crudely frightens and humble a waitress, while duke, though he doesn ' t appear to approve, doesn ' metric ton do anything to barricade it either. by the time this scene takes situation, they don ' t seem like hippies or peacenik operating room dissenter or anything of the sort any more; they scarce appear corresponding a couple of hopped up jerks in a diner. duke seems to realize at some floor that he ' s become something he doesn ' tonne like, but helium ' s either too indifferent or besides defeat to do anything to change. this film has have a critical drubbing from many who consider it as an essentially pointless pic that but throws one misstep scene after another at the audience. while gilliam may have got overdone information technology in a few places, i reckon he and his cobalt - writers deserve more recognition than that. on that point ' s plenty of inwardness here, specially in the 2nd half; its observations about the broken and defeated rebels from the ' 60 and the aim of their rebellion scarce aren ' t usually very pleasant. unlike, say, brazil? beaver state the fisher riley b king, both of which feature a character who dares to let himself dream in a repressive environment, fear and loathing in las vegas? evince us person who ' s given up on his dreams and repair to the quick pickle of drugs. in its own psychedelic, whop - verboten way of life, information technology ' s sad and sorry, just i cogitate it ' s as well a bit of a squawk in the pants, a challenge to find an alternative between chemically - induced withdrawal and the equally addictive drug of vegas - style materialism. indeed, duke himself intromit at one power point that he ' s ne'er learned to accept that you lav fix higher without drugs than with them. unity ' m non sure if he ' s any close to bear it by the end or non, but one suspect the audience will take the idea. 