in essence, safe will hunt is an ordinary story told substantially. take as a whole, there ' s petty that ' s particular astir this narration - - information technology come after a traditional narrative path, leaves the audience with a warm, fuzzy feeling, and never genuinely challenges or surprises us. just it ' s intelligently indite (with dialogue that embody occasionally brilliant ), strongly lead, and nicely act. and then, while good will hunt be far from a late - year masterpiece, it ' s a worthwhile sampling of entertainment. similar olfactory property of a char, which be released around this time of the season five years ago, good will hunting is astir the unconvincing friendship that develops between a humans - weary veteran soldier and a cocky young man. the formula for the deuce films is similar - - both of the principal learn from each early as they slowly break depressed their barriers on the way to a better understanding of living and their position in it - - but the characters are unlike. al pacino ' s slade was a larger - than - life individual; robin williams ' sean mcguire be a good deal more elusive. and matt damon ' s will trace use pugnaciousness to replace the blandness of chris o ' donnell ' s charlie. will is a troubled person. as a child, helium personify the frequent victim of abuse. an orphan, he be in and out of foster homes on a regular basis. forthwith, not even xxi years old, he has accumulated an impressive rap bed sheet. atomic number 2 hold a short temper and any little incident can set him off like a spark in a spunk box seat. but he ' s a mathematical genius with a photographic remembering and the power to conceptualise wide eyed solutions to complex problems. while influence as a janitor at massachusetts institute of technology, he delights in anonymously prove theorems on the math building ' s hall chalkboard. then, one evening, his namelessness is shattered when professor lambeau (stellan skarsgard) catch him at work. leave flee, but lambeau tracks him down. unfortunately, by the time the prof finds him, leave is in gaol for assaulting a law offer. the justice harmonise to release will under deuce status: that he spend 1 24 hour interval a week meeting with lambeau and that he pass one day a hebdomad meeting with a healer. eventually, erst several psychologist have eliminate the belligerent youthful piece, sean mcguire, a teacher at bunker hill biotic community college, agrees to take the display case. after a rocky kickoff, the deuce form a rapport and volition begins to explore issues and emotions he give birth walled improving behind strong armor. and, as leave advances his self - awareness in academic term with sean, he also learns about friendship from his buddy, chuckie (ben affleck ), and have it away from a harvard co - ed refer skylar (minnie driver ). the script, by cobalt - stars matt damon and ben affleck, be not a groundbreaking piece of lit, and occasionally resorts to shameless use. the characters are considerably - developed, however, and there personify time when the dialogue positively sparkles. at matchless point, will comments that a session with sean is turn into a " taster ' s choice moment. " later, testament consecrate a brilliant, breathless diatribe against the national security agency that has the rhythm of something publish by kevin bessie smith. ( note: since ian douglas smith co - executive raise just will hunt, it ' s non forbidden of the question that he had some remark into this panorama. ) director gus vanguard sant (drugstore cowboy, to die for) cull echt emotion from his actors, and this results in respective affecting and powerful scenes. there ' s an edginess to some of the sean / will therapy roger sessions, and the offscreen interpersonal chemistry between matt damon and minnie device driver (world health organization became romantically linked while making this plastic film) translate effectively to the movie - - the will / skylar human relationship is electric. likewise, the companionableness of damon and affleck is apparent in the easygoing nature of will and chuckie ' s friendship. many of the single scene are strong plenty to earn good testament hunting a passport, even if the overall narration is somewhat generic. matt damon, who late asterisk as the idealistic young attorney in the rainmaker, is self coloured (although not spectacular) as leave. minnie driver (concluding seen in grosse pointe blank) add another warm performance to a growing resume (and information technology ' s refreshing that she be permit to keep on her british accent rather than having to attempt an american one ). the outstanding performance of the film belongs to robin williams, whose sean is pitiful and isaac mayer wise, funny and somber. arguably the best dramatic piece of work in the thespian ' south calling (alongside what he get along in the fisher king ), williams ' portrayal could clear him a best supporting actor oscar nomination. adequate financial support is provided by ben affleck (chasing amy) and stellan skarsgard (break the waves ). like most of what total before it, the end of good will hunting is wholly predictable. but see expectations and following a intimate route aren ' mt always speculative thing in a movie, supply the film accomplishes those end with a modicum of fashion and an attention to detail. safe will hunting do both, and, as a resolution, pull in a rating commensurate with the " good " in the rubric. 