when one saw the house trailer for this film, i express joy harder than unity consume in quite some sentence. while iodine be therefore pretty well psyched to see information technology, i was always mindful that a preview can make even the most mediocre picture show look good. i ' m glad to say that thither ' s something astir the virgin is not one of those house trailer let - downs. in fact, watching this cinema be quite a fine way to spend two hours. the film opens upward in flashback to 1985, at a high school in cumberland, rhode island. ted stroehmann (ben stiller) represent a societal reject who seat ' t seem to get a escort to the upcoming prom, until he number to the defense of the mentally retarded warren (watt. earl brown university ), who ' due south being harassed by one of the school jocks. it seems warren ' s sister be the campus queen, mary jensen (cameron bartholomeu diaz ), world health organization be impress with ted ' s willingness to stand upward for her defenseless blood brother, despite a very real fortune of getting trounce up. mary takes an immediate liking to ted and ask him to the prom. ted was just flattered that she even sleep together his name. unluckily, prom dark be deflower when ted has an accident with his zipper (at which every man in the theater testament wince ), and is post to the hospital. fast frontwards to the present, where ted has cleaned himself upward, directly writes for a cartridge holder, only has weekly therapy sessions in order to deal with his obsession of the past 13 years: mary, whom he hasn ' t see since that fateful day. with the help of his friend dom (chris elliott ), ted hire slimy private police detective pat healy (matte dillon) to track refine his only dear. however, when dab finds mary, atomic number 2 falls for her too, and soon the both of them are vie for her affections. there ' s something astir mary is point by bobby and peter farrelly, world health organization get u.s. dumb and dumber and kingpin. not just intelligent comedies, they are of the guilty joy miscellany where you power non require your friends or co - workers to opine you had such a great time watching them. with their current moving picture, the farrelly pal have make out up with something you ' ll not only enjoy, but also won ' t mind talk about the next sidereal day at the water tank. the film succeed in engage a pretty wide range of comedic styles, from the subtle to the ridiculous, and while a few of the jape power be offensive to some (seeming like rest from the farrelly brothers ' last 2 film) they almost all work. ace take in not seen many movies in the recent past that shoot for the mark and so much bump off it dead on. one min you ' ll be laughing at something ted says, and the next you ' ll follow yaup at the stack of a heel dragging him across the floor of mary ' s apartment. one of the cracking things this photographic film has going for it be ben stiller. helium comprise perfectly cast in the purpose of ted, because he ' s a guy world health organization scarcely looks awkward in almost every situation. ted ' mho a dainty colleague and tries to do his good, just for some reason or another things just don ' t incessantly figure out out. it ' s risible, just also has that variety of appeal where you really sense for the him and want him to come out on top. really, i ' ve liked stiller since he did a short which aired on saturday night live back in the mid - eighty. the moving picture show was corresponding a theatrical trailer for a spoof on the tom cruise / st. paul newman film the colouring material of money, entitled the hustler of money. in information technology, stiller played flinch (not vince) world health organization is carry under the wing of an old valet (played by john mahoney) to turn a big - time bowling hustler. it be takeoff at its finest, more than of which showed up in the short - lived " the ben stiller show " on the slyboots network in recent ' xcii / early on ' 93. corresponding " the critic " (which aired on abc, and so fox ), i still mourn that appearance ' s cancellation. cameron diaz be absolutely enchanting for most of the picture show, although her character seems obsessed with beau ideal in the military personnel she dates, and some of the qualities she looks for shuffle mary flavour newspaper - thin at times. however, bartholomeu dias pulls the use off with such panache and charm, that you hindquarters still insure why she ' s fuck off guys scarce falling all over each early to be with her. heck, i even find her laughter to be cute, still though i opine information technology be rile during an appearance she made on the tonight show last week. my girlfriend mention that matt dillon doesn ' t change, and you have it away, information technology ' s really true. he and ralph macchio moldiness hang away or something. maybe they live on in dick clark ' s pool house. anyways, here ' s another salutary piece of music of casting, as dillon slips attractively into the role of the guy who tries to worm his way into mary ' s heart. the supporting performance are as well good. chris elliott has a large role than in the abyss (yes, contain information technology out next time ), and less nark than in cabin boy. lin shae, who plays mary ' s neighbour magda (and too appeared as the landlady in kingpin ), provides some good jape, especially in scenes with her benji - like dog, which acts as the focal item for a few of the queer moments of the film. lee evans, as mary ' mho champion tucker, display a tractability in acting and accents which surprises and contributes to an interesting plot construction. the farrelly brothers and scriptwriters ed decter and john joule. strauss hold on the comedic pacing become so that there aren ' t any obtrusive times where the film drags. the only trouble i saw was their use of a couple of musicians who allow for segues between several central scenes. they appear knocked out of nowhere and really talk plot - relevant information right toward the camera. it ' s a gimmick which was amusing for about troika seconds when they open the picture. after that information technology got a little irritation, and information technology ' s unfortunate that those spots interrupt what would otherwise be a politic flow. fortunately, filled with sight gags, humourous lines, and square comedic acting, there ' s something about mary bequeath nonetheless accept you laughing after you exit the theater. 