plot: a swell and his brother are driving sweep - country and decide to fool around with a teamster on their cb radio set. information technology isn ' t long before their little prank father someone position into a coma (long story) and the side by side thing you make love, the trucker equal following them too. lotsa nuttiness ensues and then, they cull up their other friend, venna, a young woman who the dude have a crush on. only what ' s this. ..? the trucker is yet on their quarter and be at present harassing all iii of the new whippersnappers. ..? you bet! buckle upwards, dorothy. .. this exist gonna be one jolting ride! critique: a safe ol ' prison term at the movies! here ' s a film that actually gives away most of its plotline in information technology trailer and doesn ' tonne genuinely add anything " new " to the forefront (if you ' ve see flicks like duel and breakdown, you ' ve crossed this path before ), merely notwithstanding manages to entertain you gangbusters, with realistic situations, believable characters, rummy moments, thrills, chills, the whole shebang. lashkar e toiba ' s give it up for director john dahl, who keep to put out solid films every other year (if you haven ' t seen red rock west, make yourself a favour right on now, and jot information technology down on a small arm of paper and rent it at your earliest convenience ). and often like that film, this one has an first class assumption and sets everything up at an yet pace. it gives you a little minute of background on each of the main threesome characters, and then designate you how matchless small prank, can lead to a unhurt lotta fuss for everyone! alice paul walker truly surprised me in this movie, since i ' ve ne'er much thought of him as anything more than than a pretty face (and damn, personify it ever jolly oregon what? ! ) only here, he actually manages to put some depth behind the looks and that ' entropy always appreciated in movie in which you are so closely tied to the main characters. sobieski is too dependable, but she isn ' t in the movie for as long as you ' d think, only the man who really takes this film to another level, is steve zahn. if you ' ve loved this guy rope as the " goofball " in most of his previous role, you ' ll appreciate him even more here, as the dude who go sour as one of the most manic and excited human beingness i ' ve seen in quite some time (" this is therefore awing! ! " ), merely to turn into a man scared out of his wit by the end of the flick. and public speaking of the terminate, boy, does this movie hand over some chilling import during it final 15 clicks oregon what? !? the pointer and i were practically in each others arm (well, maybe unity ' m exaggerating, but you catch my drift) as each mo brought about another turn of events which in tour, assume it all to an even higher level. once again, kudos to director red gram for be able to generate that type of chroma, suspense and tension, with a great score, edit, style and camerawork. plot - wise, i too did wonder how the " bad guy wire " be able to tag them so well, simply information technology didn ' t really bother me all that much (you commode assume that helium hold bugged their car? ). but fairly much everything else in the story baffle like glue and 1 couldn ' t help but put myself in their shoes and apprize their thoroughly desperate circumstance. a bully movie with an even cooler terminate, this film volition likely be retrieve as one of the better thriller of the year. " this personify awe inspiring! !! " where ' s joblo coming from? american psycho (10 / ten) - deep blue sea (8 / 10) - eye of the beholder (quaternity / x) - the fasting and the furious (7 / 10) - final destination (8 / ten) - the glass home (6 / x) - no way out (8 / decade ) 