i want to even up what 1 wrote last year in my retrospective of david lean ' s war moving picture show. one still think that " the bridge deck on the river kwai " doesn ' t deserve being the numeral xiii in the american film institute ' s listing of the 100 greatest american movies. and i think that " twelve angry man ", " witness for the pursuance " and " paths of resplendency " would have been better choices for the oscar for the best picture of 1957. simply i can ' t deny the importance of " the bridge on the river yuan " - cinematically and in information technology contents. the film be set in burma in 1943. a batallion of british soldiers in nipponese war captivity is forced by the nipponese to progress a strategically momentous railway bridge all over the river yuan. but the british overlooking officer, colonel nicholson (alec guinness ), importune - corresponding to the geneva convention - that his officers needn ' t work equally simple working man. struggling toughly, col. nicholson forces the nipponese commandant, gap. saito (sessue hayakawa ), to give path in this respect. afterwards col. nicholson assiduously charge himself for the building of the bridge. helium considers information technology an chance to raise his humans ' s esprit de corps, and he desire to show superior british capabilities to the japanese. simply the british high program line beam a few soldiers who shall put down the bridge, among them the american shears (william holden) - an escapee from the nipponese prison camp - and the british major warden (jack tar hawkins ). .. a flaw of the picture show is the clich? 500 characterization of the japanese hoi polloi. they are presented as if they personify intellectually inferior to the british - as if the nipponese be unequal to of building a span. and the motion picture show doesn ' t consistently query the military spirit as kubrick does in " path of aureole ". lean seems rather bewitch by the military power structure. this be as well perceptible in the conversations between col. nicholson and gap. saito. in this regard information technology is diagnostic that shears, world health organization doubt the military logic, is presented as a somehow unpleasant person. the audience be supposed to applaud col. nicholson ' s perseverance bear on the inquiry if his officers shall work on the bridge circuit or not. the spectator are supposed to neglect the risks col. nicholson takes for his human. ( the patch by - pass these risk. ) that means, the picture international relations and security network ' t perfective. only it make a lot of virtues as well. " the bridge deck on the river yuan " shows the " madness " of war and what information technology tin can bring on in people ' s minds. information technology show how colonel nicholson becomes possessed by the idea of being a hoagie and that others (like shear) get cynics. and lean ' s moving picture show be an interesting study of fictional character with clashing interests. these points and the sometimes wry dialog make this film an anti - state of war cinema (despite inconsistencies in the treatment of this theme ). david lean ' s way is really effective and atmospherically perfect. his film be highly suspenseful, especially in its striking (if not totally plausible) confrontation. the flick is also intimately - photographed and has an apt mark. alec guinness does a splendid business of bringing col. nicholson to life and make him such an interesting fictional character. the former actors deliver fine performance as well. i comparable this extraordinary film despite information technology weaknesses. ( 100) karl rackwitz (klein k? ris, federal republic of germany, 1999 ) 