written by john grisham and robert altman (as al hayes ) directed by robert altman some meter ago, a young manager was given the chance to direct the screen translation of a popular novel. the novel was a summer belt, transcend practiced - seller lists across the land and already drawing hypothesis as to which popular actor of the day might play the lead. the only trouble: the fresh wasn ' t very good. it was far more than pulp than pulitzer. but the managing director understand that, no matter how prosy the prose, this rule book really grabbed people - that the author, while not a large author, be a fantastic storyteller. so he took on the undertaking, convinced atomic number 2 could micturate something happen on screen. the theatre director? francis ford coppola. the book, of trend, be mario puzo ' s the godfather. the rest, as they sound out in showbiz, exist account. by bringing upward the godfather, one don ' t mean to evoke that robert altman ' s the gingerbread man is fate for that stratum of greatness. but the parallel dress suggest that it comprise possible to create gravid picture palace from questionable source stuff. can you get any to a greater extent questionable than john lackland grisham? depends on whom you ask. but thither ' s no question that grisham ' s work grabs people. alike puzo, grisham be a better fibber than a writer - unlike fellow hack michael crichton, world health organization is a honorable idea man but who can ' t tell a fountainhead - construct story from a can of spam. so something in grisham ' s unpublished story of a cocky savannah attorney who get affect in a baneful syndicate squabble drew the attention of robert altman, who at 73 years one time remains one of america ' sec greatest life filmmakers. the upshot is a gripping thriller that, while decrease short of graeco roman movie theater, deserve its place in the altman canon. > from information technology opening shot to the shutdown credit rating, the gingerbread man embody permeated with a good sense of dread, with a care of the natural destructive force of the universe. this terrific sense of humor is a classical altman touch. attestant said opening stab: we see an aerial view of coastal sakartvelo with its writhing, undulating landscape while the soundtrack grumble ominously in our ear. we roll over the hills into the ithiel town of savannah, then rapid growth in close on a red sports car hurrying all over a bridge while it number one wood cackle oblivious on his mobile phone phone. mightily off we get laid that the driver of that car is in for a few surprise. pay tending, boys and girls - this dig was not think by whoremaster grisham, simply by altman. this is what a great manager can do for questionable source material. the sports car belongs to rick magruder (kenneth branagh ), the said hotshot attorney who specializes in constabulary brutality cases. magruder let simply bring home the bacon a high profile pillow slip and celebrates that night with a catered party at his office. outside after the party he suffer one of the waitresses, mallory doss (embeth davidzt ), hardly as she understand her car has follow slip. driven by southerly politesse, a driving rainstorm and his unspoken attraction to the frail waitress, magruder offer her a drive domicile. there he get word more about mallory ' s life sentence than helium bargained for. her car was stolen by her schizoid beginner dixon (robert duvall ), a ted kyzynski - style whacko world health organization have been stalking and terrorise his own girl. magruder, perhaps work by mallory ' s decision to strip off her wet clothes in battlefront of him, is sympathetic to her plight, and offer up to facilitate her drive her padre practice - right after he sleeps with her, of course. this uncomplicated offer of help leads magruder down a grave path with a pitch black end. he succeeds in have dixon incarcerated in a mental hospital, and for a moment all appears considerably. but and then dixon ' s crack squad of homeless commandos bust him out of the lockup - and suddenly magruder finds himself, mallory and his ain children in danger. the pig succeed ' t lift a finger to help a bountiful lawyer. his only allies follow his close assistant lois (daryl hannah) and his bumbling private - eye buddy clyde (robert downey junior ). if this predicament wasn ' t bad enough, hurricane geraldo is bearing down on savannah river and throw the world into chaos. altman crataegus laevigata provide the atmosphere, but branagh ' s performance keep the gingerbread man unitedly. an accomplished actor when helium isn ' t directing himself in vanity production, branagh does a ok caper of making rick a good hearted hero while casting uncertainty upon his motif. is his offer of helper to mallory an act of kindness, or of swelled head? magruder is so sure of his place in the world that helium never regard that he has bite dispatch to a greater extent than helium can chew until he has to swallow it - and by then information technology ' s too late. as the plot unfolds, magruder learns that none of us personify as inviolable as we think we make up. and life be never therefore bad that it bathroom ' t get regretful. if you ' re familiar with altman ' s work, you ' ll recognize several of his theme song techniques. characters equal not introduced in establish shots, but kinda are allowed to wander in the background of setting until their importance becomes manifest. important scene are shot from the outside done windows, make the audience unwitting peeper of the action. dialogue overlaps and the actors seem to slip naturally into an improvisational flair. and of course on that point ' atomic number 16 my favorite altman technique - the obligatory bare actress shooter. thanks to altman, hither are some of the actresses i ' ve make the pleasure of picture defenseless: sally kellerman, julianne moore, madeline harriet beecher stowe, still frances mcdormand. and now i can tally embeth davidtz, who looks quite levelheaded in the altogether. the defenseless actress shot has become as ubiquitous to the altman movie as the theater director cameo was to the hitchcock film. is it old - schoolhouse sexism, oregon a clever in - joke? you be the judge. just back to the picture at hand. in the hands of a bare mortal, the gingerbread man would have comprise a routine thriller, no better or worsened than the countless others we ' ve all live. in the hands of a professional like altman, information technology becomes an exercise in existential end of the world, in its own elbow room far more successful than scorsese ' s cape reverence remake, which assay for the same result. what crataegus oxycantha prevent information technology from enduring with altman ' s greatest work is a weak third act - in fact, there really is no 3rd act in grisham ' s story, so it appears that altman had to shake off in the hurricane just to jazz things up. but there are true instant of rivet suspense, and with child performances by branagh, davidzt and downey jr - more than decent to see you through. that polygram thusly detest this picture that they tried to slip final cut from altman, and so buried the marketing campaign when he won it hind, should tell you how utterly clueless of quality most studios comprise. they probably wanted it to look more same a time to pour down. and that, my friends, should stool you really afraid. 