the persona in " palmetto " collectively sweat enough to fill lake erie, and it ' s just the ripe way to capture the motion picture show ' reciprocal ohm ripe atmosphere of sensuality, tension and even farce comedy. this humid everglade state - set thriller nurture a modestly absurd disquietude that often winks at itself, which equal very much a upright thing since the actors and director follow in on the joke. as far as specify - up is bear on, the pic be zip we haven ' t seen before, but be patient - - " palmetto " spin some passably wicked story twists that we very don ' t witness coming. information technology ' s not a hellenic by any means, but information technology sure is quite an piquant surprise. harry barber (arboraceous harrelson) is sweet out of prison, where atomic number 2 ' s served a couple of years for a law breaking he didn ' t commit. even though he harbors animosity towards the obtuse local officials, harry ' s first decree of business be to return to his home town of palmetto to exist with his carver girl nina (gina gershon ). while seek for body of work, he becharm the eye of rhea malroux (elisabeth shue ), the mysterious sexbomb wife of a palmetto millionaire. rhea proposes a scheme that ' ll get harry $ 50, 000 prosperous - - to run a pocket size part in the staged kidnaping of her jailbait stepdaughter odette (chloe sevigny ). " you do comparable risk, don ' thyroxin you, mr. barber? " nandu alluringly coos. boys, form a line behind pine tree state. part of " palmetto " ' mho success can be attributed to the performance of elisabeth shue, who demonstrates here that her oscar - nominative turn in " bequeath las lope de vega " might merely be foreshadowing great things to add up. shue ' s a seductive, camp delight, and pulls sour a barbara stanwyck - gloria swanson combo with admirable flavour. the other actors form a self coloured ensemble around her, include sevigny (" kids " ), tantalizingly slutty as a teen ribbing, as well as the of all time - likeable gershon, cast a far cry from her uttermost roles in " saltation " and " chorus girl. " harrelson represent still doing fine follow - up work to " the masses vs. larry flynt. " " palmetto " manage have it share of grievance. harrelson ' s yarn be needless, i suppose, and gershon ' s nina cries to be meaty than she ultimately is. one of the plot ' s unexpected angles - - that harry is asked by the police to become the press contact for the very law breaking in which he ' s necessitate - - could feature be play a little better. at that place are moment when you question the tone, only it ' s never so fluid that information technology merit the reproach it ' s been have from most other critics. if " palmetto " didn ' tonne require to represent laughed at, would it really take tacked on a climax that play like a live - action " who framed roger hare "? although a few elements toilet be questioned, the flick works intimately on its ain terms. thanks to a juicy cast - - especially shue - - and the nifty cloth approach from director volker schlondorff (you remember him from last summertime ' reciprocal ohm suddenly re - pop " the tin drum, " mightily? ), everything runs swimmingly. and for fans of revelation - profound ending, this film ' sec become a few shocks in store that one win ' tonne even dream of revealing. " palmetto " is a generous sum of fun to observe, and that ' s all you need to fuck. 