in zoolander, the world ' siemens most successful, influential and intellectually - challenged male model derek zoolander wonders, " is there more to life than being rattling truly in truth skilful bet? " evidently, the plastic film ' s creator and star ben stiller ask a similar question when crafting a feature - length moving picture out of his screaming vh1 / trend fashion awards short - film subject: can there embody more to this film than being really really really silly? no, of course non, and information technology never aspires to be anything more. much like derek, zoolander equal a sweet simple of a movie. it ' s non complex in either its societal commentary oregon its comedy, and it never produces any gut - busting laugh (except maybe a setting when derek ' s model roommates all dice in a tragic " gasoline fight " stroke - - a exuberantly funny direct - off of tommy hilfiger ads ). but it have got a satisfying fistful of strong chuckles, risky characters and performances, and mildly abrasive potshot at the mode industry to retain you amused. better yet, this exaggerated version of the original three - minute skit be only blown out to an efficient 95 minutes - - just plenty time to draw in concert its merry andrew patch without use up the gag. zoolander open with several fashion bigwigs plotting to assassinate the choice parson of malaysia, since he wants to abolish child lying in in his country and thus driving up their costs. way designer and criminal mastermind jacobim mugatu (will ferrell) muster in a program to brainwash the dumbest way model to pack out the malign deed. enter derek, whose calling is slouch as newcomer hansel (owen wilson) takes the spotlight. on the track of mugatu ' s plot of ground is time powder magazine reporter matilda jeffries (stiller ' s real - life wife christine president taylor ), and she ' s hoping to use mugatu ' s pawn derek to ultimately foil the scheme. much comparable the capital of texas magnate films, zoolander relies heavily on the persuasiveness of the talent call for, and this zany comedy features some of the funniest people in entertainment today. edward osborne wilson is hysteric as the young, conceited hansel. ferrell virtually steals the appearance from everyone as the poinciana regia, freakish mugatu in the same way dr. evil upstage everyone in austin powers. jerry stiller - - ben ' s daddy who ' s comfortably remembered as forthright costanza of seinfeld - - makes a priceless turn as derek ' s slimy agent maury ballstein. even ben stiller display alum andy peter shows up as a deranged, large - assed masseuse. as for ben stiller, information technology seem his derek has unrivaled gag: he ' s stupe, which plays out in some uproarious one - liners. unfortunately, taylor seems out of post and proscribed of her league here. maybe it ' s just because iodin can ' t stop seeing her as marcia james buchanan brady (who she played in both brady movies ), ca ca her unbelievable as a dowdy, brainy knit jane who hasn ' t birth sex in two years. she leaves me pining for the cynicism of janeane garofolo, who would ' ve added material comic substance to the unconvincing purpose. while zoolander be hardly highbrowed, information technology screwball wit is welcome during these trying times, peculiarly considering the gross deficiency of decent pickings in the theaters these days. zoolander ' s no chef d'oeuvre, but a really worthy distraction. 