aggressive, bleak, and persistent film about an mixed couple, steve and surface to air missile (damon jones and elexa williams respectively ), world health organization are viciously attacked in a parking garage one nighttime by a gang of skinheads. the skinheads beat steve, so squeeze him to watch as they brutally spoil his girl over and o'er again. when sam kills herself later that even out, steve decides that the skinheads moldiness live taught a lesson. waiting seven calendar month for the thuggish skinheads to forget about the incident entirely, steve shaves his head, dresses in combat kicking and suspenders, tattoos his flesh with national socialist symbols, and tries to penetrate the mob. as he gets closer and closer to the people who committed the atrocious crime against his girlfriend, atomic number 2 start to learn exactly how vicious these people actually are and starts to question his own motives for vehemence. randolph kret ' s script, based on two real sprightliness incident that affected not only his biography but the life of the film ' s manufacturer shaun hill, is an insult on vehemence and intolerance. the film have its consultation to be subjected to such brutality and ignorance that one bottom ' t assistant but be revolt by the events presented within. i ' ve insure it tell that this is the photographic film fight night club should have follow, but david fincher ' s moving picture show was try to specify a generation. kret ' s film is a wake upward vociferation to a generation and his message is a knock down one. if fincher is the kubrick of our generation, then kret is our d. watt. david lewelyn wark griffith (thematically speaking ). thither is not a unmarried likeable character in the film. the skinheads are obviously the most hideous character in the moving picture show, not only because of their belief but because they are in a constant state of fury (not simply against former races simply within their own dress circle ). the african - american characters in the film be constantly shown as sexually set on drug abusers world health organization are constantly on a joyride looking for someone to accost. even gay men arrive in on the act, locate the bootboys ' lair and beating them severely with lead pipe and other blunt objects. the main character steve constitute also unappealing because of the somebody he becomes but to seek out revenge. what all of this comes downwardly to is the simple content that violence begets violence, and the constant clash between factions will exercise nothing but continue the sempiternal cycle per second of violence inherent in our society. the cast of this film embody perfectly remarkable. damon jones record a raw energy that many actors can ' t seem to summon these days and his performance seems goose egg less than muscular. his initial chemical reaction to hearing about his girlfriend ' s suicide is unrivaled of the about poignant prospect i have always seen in a film. david lee wilson, world health organization plays (appropriately enough) david lee is accurately evil as the 2nd in command skinhead world health organization likewise makes extra money perform oral sex on other men (an caustic remark that look lost on the other skinheads ). wilson ' s character is pure hatred and he convey out this hatred utterly. woefully, actor dave ward, world health organization portrays the character of crew, volition not be able bodied to follow up his excellent performance as he was the dupe of a vicious bit of ferocity himself at the hands of a fellow role player during an incident of road fury. ward showed immense hope and he will comprise greatly missed. note: it is a shame that the filmmakers had to add a disavowal to the destruction of the film stating that neither they nor the musician contributing music for the moving picture condone racialism. the subject matter astir hatred couldn ' t be spelled taboo any more than intelligibly than it is here, but there are those who would probably find this film a great deal to a greater extent cognate to a training video than a judgment of conviction. there be no " winners " at the close of this moving picture show either. no character catch his or her comeuppance and the stop leaves us almost right where we began. where american story x own redemption for most of its characters, no such victories are in storage for castaway ' s band of twisted soulfulness. it is this black ending that carries the film ' s most powerful message: the content that, despite what you may be able to momentarily do to put your own creative thinker to rest, evil will still be with us (and in many forms) and thither is very petty than buttocks be done to eradicate it entirely. 