while watching " shallow grave, " iodine find out myself sporadically noticing thematic similarities to the coens ' " parentage simple. " both are good motion picture show in which several character, none of whom are the most conscientious to have walked the earth but still are not really evil, indulge in an routine of deception that shortly involve more serious crimes. the body reckoning rises, and before long seemingly normal people have blood on their hands. both moving picture show are also flawed, merely for different reasons. " blood simple " is relentlessly obscure and moody, but information technology delineation were a little hole. " shallow grave accent, " on the other hand, be nigh flawless for an hour and xx second, and then the filmmakers bedevil away much of what they ' d accomplished for a more standard, audience - pleasing finish. the events of the moving picture show were sufficiently intense and disturbing that i candidly felt quite a troubled by what iodine was witnessing on screen most of the time, yet there cost a slight grin on my face at the death. as the film begin, we embody introduced to alex (ewan mcgregor ), juliet (kerry fox ), and david (christopher eccleston ), a scotch leash living in an apartment in glasgow. they are all sarcastic and occasionally obnoxious, but other than that they seem like a middling normal bunch. a man cite hugo moves into the flat ' s remaining vacancy, and the adjacent morning he is found utter of a drug overdose. juliet be about to call the constabulary when alex discovers that victor marie hugo had brought with him a bag fill to the brim with hard cash (presumably from criminal activities ). the three finally decide to keep the money and shroud up the death; after a drawing of straws, the particularly unenviable task of mangle the body thus as to earn it unidentifiable and burying it falls to david, who had been the most reluctant to partake in the scheme from the start. all of this transpires in the first twenty minute or so of the picture, and parting of what makes " shallow grave " so brilliant for a while is that i candidly throw no idea what was coming next. other than the obvious enquiry of wherefore they don ' t report the death and only enshroud the cash, which is not addressed, the plotting and characterization, while sometimes predictable, act upon in a way that kept my aid and, on more than one occasion, gave maine chills. i testament, therefore, endeavor to continue this review in a way that doesn ' t give away to a fault much of the plot of ground. broadly, the trio are in peril due to hugo ' s underworld connection, as two tough search for the money and wipe out respective people in the process. a constabulary inspector (ken stott) is clearly suspicious and visits the apartment, asking pointed motion and trying to unnerve the three suspect by convert banal and weirdly humourous bits of dialogue with a next to last police detective. st. david, meanwhile, becomes increasingly paranoid, moves into the attic, and acquire an phylogenetic relation for sharp objects. manager danny kay boyle effectively creates an atmosphere of mounting tension and suspicion in the apartment, and in conclusion the three seem ready to turn against each other. while i do not consider myself the " happy endings are automatically unintelligent " type, i thought that " shoal grave " really should have end in tragedy - a realistic analytic thinking of the story up to the terminal ten minutes of the film would indicate that all three characters were believably about to end upwards in prison, in the mental hospital, or in the morgue. this could have been accomplished, quite credibly, but then boyle and screenwriter john hodge seem to shrink and prefer for a more ceremonious " caper " ending in which we contract a rush verboten of go out world health organization outsmarted whom, and nothing more. granted, this isn ' t actually a " happy " end, but it ' south all the same pretty light colored - hearted compared to what precede information technology. ace really shouldn ' t sound out anything more about the ending as far as detail get going, but let me add that information technology seemed not only shallow and lazy just also inconsistent with the rest of the film and not very credible. yes, this end made me crack a grinning for a duo of bit, but ultimately it leave pine tree state feeling as if i ' d been cheated. still, " shallow engrave " equal brilliant most of the way through, and information technology does at least meet the minimum requirements for an entertaining thriller, and i be therefore grant it three star. i guess iodine just can ' t help merely think astir that fourth star that boyle and hodge net ball drop away away. 