here is a film that is so unexpected, therefore scary, and so original that information technology caught me polish off guard duty and threw maine for a grummet. ok, it isn ' t rather original, take information technology is a continuation to the box office hit species, but it certainly is smart. most films of this genre are reminiscent of those cheesy b - repugnance films from the 50 and 60s, and some even become them. however, as we teach with the 1995 small - budget horror / sci - fi film, sometimes expectation can comprise shattered. a lot of criticism has gone against this film (from what iodine have read so far, anyhow - - yep, all ii reviews ), and it nominate maine wonder why these types of films represent automatically dismissed as gory, laughable pieces of trash. but, the thing be, information technology isn ' t. information technology ' s advantageously made, well acted, and quite levelheaded. ace can see most of the critics today complaining astir the level of al gore or the level of sex in the film. but the coinage series international relations and security network ' t astir the lack of these constituent. it ' s about how much it nates get into one photographic film. and as yet, behind it all, it has this canonic premise that let information technology to get away with doing so. specie ii begins in the present day, though information technology seems to exist an alternate universe. many films (especially sci - fi ones) make similar timelines as our naturalistic ace, just change it to fit the flick ' s needs. species ii lead off with the arrival of an american spacecraft, the jaunt, shore on the surface of march. aboard is patrick ross (justin lazard ), a very bright and very giving spaceman. patrick is the son of senator ross (james river cromwell ), who just want patrick to succeed. good, it would appear that he has succeeded. landing on the surface of blemish, atomic number 2 exist the initiatory human being to ever set so. of line, he isn ' t the initiatory ever. astir a billion years ago, an alien species purportedly landed on march and destroyed the perfect life conditions that were capable to sustain liveliness. now, of course, the red major planet is stale and bouldered. no life lives on information technology. that be, no seeable life. saint patrick, upon leaving the spacecraft and landing place on the red soil, collect samples from the earth. he takes them aboard, and set them in storage. unfortunately, matchless of the samples turn back a form of life, and it gets free when information technology is heat aboard the ship. exactly prior to heading back to earth, this aliveness form creeps along the floor and inhabits the earthman. they glide by out for about septet minutes, and then shrug information technology off as nothing, because they can ' t even remember. they blame it on a technical malfunction. back on earth, patrick begins to have impregnable urge to mate with every bit many women as potential. as we fuck from the original, this is because the alien wants to breed and ask terminated the planet. withal, the children that be bred are half - human, as their father is. patrick equal really looking for another noncitizen to cover with, and he finds it in eve (natasha henstridge ). eve was clone from deoxyribonucleic acid taken from sil, the original noncitizen. however, this clock time around, most of her " alien " urges have comprise either minify dramatically, beaver state lie dormant. the project be lead by dr. laura bread maker (marg helgenberger, reprising her role from species ), and her motives look honorable. since she follow involved with the original exotic attack, she desire to learn how to stop the alien should it come again. and it has. account - wise, species ii be a great deal stronger than its predecessor, but information technology live also much stronger than, say, aliens (hey, i love the picture show, but you can ' t tell me it represent potent on history ). what surprise me the most with this film be the internalization of historical facts into the screenplay. in my hunting for extraterrestrial intelligence course in college, we learned approximately a patch of rock from mars which landed in 1 of the poles. this spell of rock bear fogy which crataegus laevigata give birth been substantiation of life on mars (later, it be proven that it was non a living creature that created it ). the handwriting use this effectively, but likewise manages to provide a comfortably - balanced patch. commence with the first man on mars (something ace take in always dreamed of see ), unity be hoping that the film would turn this element into a useful starting point for the pic. and it dress it quite substantially. the characters are all impudent, and they know what to make and what not to do. the lone character that seem a minuscule cliched be the general (george dzundza ), and yet, atomic number 2 remains logical in everything atomic number 2 does. there are the obvious flaws of line, more often than not lying in the technical aspect. the special result be only average, and some make up just plain bad. simply for the most portion, they stay credible (i even noticed a homage to the alien series when the mothers give birth to alien children ). also, the virtually realistic i be usually the goriest, ranging from people being torn undefendable, or someone ' s mind follow bungle off. nonetheless, some game component also crataegus laevigata enkindle laughs from the consultation, including a menage a troi that live all but necessary. many the great unwashed dislike the specie series because all it is be an excuse for gender, nudity, and gory violence. however, i tend to take issue. what were the alien motion picture show astir? and, if an alien coinage ever did come up to earth, and their sole purpose was to destroy united states of america, wouldn ' t you mate as quickly as possible with as many citizenry as potential? my only squawk with this is during the scene where st. patrick goes searching for a fellow in a grocery fund. i didn ' liothyronine realize that aliens were that picky on choosing woman to mate with (one just now assume information technology is his persona - human side look for the most beautiful one ). the acting is quite skilful for this kind of celluloid. it is a huge betterment over the first film, at least. the acting is the central factor to this picture: if it was bad, it would have lower itself into encampment; if it was good, it would throw need for compare with films like aliens. okay, so it isn ' tetraiodothyronine that practiced. george iv dzundza is in all likelihood the most obvious mistake on casting, as his over - the - top impersonation of a universal create him annoying and distracting. natasha henstridge is restrict this time around, as she is commonly enclosed in a cage. withal, she arrange wangle a very impressive performance with this aspect impede any of her talent. oh yeah, and she ' s quite fun to just plain sentry. marg helgenberger live immensely better this clip around, and her functioning is probably the best in this film. michael madsen be so - thusly, but he isn ' t annoying, and helium presently turn instead appealing (with his nice cynic personality ). james iv cromwell has a small part, only he makes information technology a lot better than what it could have been with a more incapable actor. as i pronounce, any film with james cromwell dramatically increases in likeability. mykelti williamson gift an pleasurable carrying into action, and he dedicate the film a to a greater extent down - to - earthly concern feel. and, of line, justin lazard. lazard has so far been ridiculed for his performance, only i remember he comprise effective. sure, atomic number 2 personify wooden, but international relations and security network ' t that what his character is alike? the moment when he touches the glass part henstridge from him be extremely easily dress, due to the pair ' south acting. metal money ii is rated universal gas constant for hard sexuality, sci - fi violence / gore and language. this be definitely an radius rated film that young thomas kid should not see. more than in all probability, they would probably have nightmares and never have sexual activity for the rest of their life time. hell, one don ' t even lie with if i will. what be sure to be a critically lambasted film turns verboten to exist the surprisal film of the class. i in all likelihood won ' t see another film where iodine was expecting so petty and develop then much for quite a piece. director peter medak get craft a very cliff hanging, and sometimes very scary picture out of a mediocre series. medak has likewise mastered the wonderful " startle! " moments, and has probably the second scariest moment iodine have ever seen on moving picture show (scream nonetheless get the beginning ). secure acting, voguish dialogue, sound plotting, and a sure - hand director, species ii is precisely what these plastic film should be: entertaining. 