this be a stagey film adjust from roger rueff ' s play " hospitality retinue. ' ' its astir three travelling salesmen attending an industrial convention, whose chicago company has sent them to wichita, where the caller has paid all their expenses for them to rent a hospitality suite on the 16th floor of the hotel, where they calculate to score a substantial account statement from the big kahuna, someone discover dick fuller, world health organization is the head of a big industrial corporation. helium is someone they have never met before, only they want to sell him industrial lubricants and they want desperately to set down this new history, it is their only reason for do to the convention. " the big kahuna " revels in salesman - talk among the three white christian males, deuce of them, larry (spacey) and phil (devito ), who are veteran salesmen, having teamed together for the final twelve years, while bob (facinelli) is a unseasoned man who has just recently been hired by the firm and works in the research section. these deuce ace are virtually imprisoned in their small cordial reception suite waiting to gather the big kahuna, as the focus of this claustrophobic celluloid is on their interaction in the hospitality suite. the three salesmen have different thing on their judgment that is troubling them and a dissimilar attitude to their book of job, and they be each going through intragroup change that are deeply altering their life. the outstanding cast tries to figure out in their own way what they be doing and why. what come into question is their opinions on life and death, on god and morality, and on how they have a bread and butter. these are tough question and the the true seems to be somewhere in their sale pitch. their dialogue is astringent, witty, and analytical. following in the long tradition of salesman films - - from death of a salesman, the tin men, and glengarry glen ross, as this moving picture show examine to acquire you to see what there is about salesmanship that gets these men high. in this instance, it is land the big kahuna. they each be trying to find out why he ' s on top and why they be chasing after him. what makes this film different than the others, be it blatant spiritual message, compare eastern orthodox faith to what they do, as both must sell their product. and how after each one ' s nous live stripped clean by the early, in that location is a interruption and some lesson about life has sunk in that is pertinent to each. the finish in the movie equal not in literally landing the big kahuna, but in line up proscribed what bill of goodness they sold themselves that made them be salesman. larry and phil have unmatchable way of doing thing and have no queasiness of incorporating a sales pitch as share of their life. bob thinks he be above the disturbance and he peddle every chance he put up get about his belief in jesus jesus christ. his vacuous character and smug outlook on life are covered by a disarming grinning and an eagerness for him to prove in his action the words of jesus atomic number 2 literally believe in. bob is a baptist, who takes a very non - inquiring and literal attitude astir religious belief. to just look at another fair sex and luxuria after her is a wickedness, concord to the direction atomic number 2 reads the bible. when asked by larry why he wed his wife, he seems nonplussed and can ' t still say because he love her, only that wedlock is something sacred to him. the demarcation in their personalities is stark. larry is all business concern, he simply wants to fold the sales agreement. he follow into the way pumped for the convention, utilise his attack mode to establish how severe he is about be a salesman. helium criticizes phil for being and then placid, for getting such a small suite, for give birth the tacky food for thought tray of carrot peg rather than the one of stuffed shrimp, and for being burned - out. he tells him to sound on a vacation. get a charwoman. while phil is broody on where all his best years get gone for him and comprise contemplating a career change, now that he is fifty two and is sorely dissociate his wife, after having lived too lonely a life on the route for too long. helium now finds himself suffering from some troubling dreams and questioning what he consider in. atomic number 2 has always been a smoothy, excite everyone ' s hand, trying to please his clients while try to ca ca the sale. larry represent more aggressive as a salesman, helium equal always a pump attack forth from every big sale. in contrast, bob is only in his twenty dollar bill and everything seem smart to him. this is his first time for him on the route. when dick fuller doesn ' t arrive at the party the salesmen throw, larry get confrontational and necessitate phil if atomic number 2 spoke to the man himself about the gathering. when told that he spoke to the secretary, larry hold a tantrum and is resigned to going rearwards to their home function without the newfangled account. but when they start talking to tail, whom they forced to act as the bartender, they are surprise to acquire that fuller did indeed come but was get into another man ' s name tatter and that bob spent the entire evening consoling the tycoon ended his recently deceased dog and then talking to him about jesus. bob then say the boys astir a secret political party fuller be attending afterwards, and that he invited bob to attend. larry and phil can ' t fathom how bob didn ' liothyronine get to a sales sales talk. but they soon take another tact and decide to prep bob on how to receive fuller ' s attention astir their fellowship ' s merchandise as they sent him murder to meet fuller, and will expect his return in the hotel room. these ii sharp salesmen are tighten to waiting for this smug kid to come back and say them he save their derriere. the irony of their situation is played extinct in the darkness of the hotel room, as they remain up deep into the night trying to earn horse sense out of their aliveness. these triad performers were striking, each sympathise what their role called for, each coming through with a marvelous public presentation. the lone job with the motion picture show, is that its more than of a play than a cinematic experience. only the insightful dialogue and refreshing theatre, give it an intelligent merchandising power point and make information technology a good product to project. 