when masses are talking astir expert old time, they actually desire to make some bad times look dependable. dainty exercise of such behaviour is contemporary mental attitude of pop media towards the 1970s. for novel generation, superseventies live the mixed up golden age of chic style, cult tv shows and sexual freedom unchecked by assistance. for people who actually induce to live in that period, it was the gloomy decade, marked by lose apotheosis of 1968, rampant splashiness and unemployment, international terrorism, fuel crisis and loss of religion in almost anything that previous multiplication fend for. feelings of despair and nihilistic delusion base it reflections in many films of that era. dino paul crocetti scorsese ' s taxi device driver, which symbolises both the nimbus and despair of the seventy, is most storied of them all. the movie ' s protagonist be travis bickle (robert de niro ), 26 - year sure enough former marine world health organization takes the job of taxicab device driver in new york metropolis because he can ' t sopor at nights. the job get him exposed to the glowering side of meat of apocalyptic megalopolis, and travis step by step get alienate from the rest of world. the only bright spot in his life comprise betsy (cybil sheperd ), attractive charwoman sour in senator palantine ' s presidential political campaign. their date ends as humiliating fiasco because travis makes fatal mistake by inviting her to porno moving picture theater. lose his only connection to better side of the world, travis bit by bit descends into psychosis, become convince that his mission in spirit is to battle scum on the street. he purchases a formidable arsenal of accelerator pedal and start forcible preparations for the inevitable conflict. that conflict last comes when helium takes personal pastime in iris (jodie foster ), 12 - year old cyprian who temporarily took recourse in his hack. as many great flick that got religious cult status done the twelvemonth, taxi driver became the object of many interpretations. for some critics and scholars it follow an exploration of universal subjects that date backward to dostoyevski - release of moral compass in a bleak reality of dirty, overpopulated industrial cities; the narration could have been typeset in 19th century like as in our times. for others, the movie uses raskolnikov - like public figure in order to portray burning problem of 1970s america - its manifest inability to deal with the event of speedy societal changes that occurred in previous decade. bright performance of henry m. robert de niro in part of a lifetime can contribute arguments for both side. his travis bickle throw a plenty in common with most of the average viewers of today - many of us share his feelings of closing off, aloneness and outrage towards crime, drugs, harlotry and senseless street violence. his pathetic attempts to establish some kind of human connection with the people around him, sometimes in most strange circumstances - comparable with secret overhaul agent, pimps or job interviewers - make him a person too goofy to exist the champion, and too pathetic to be the classic villain. even so, most of the average viewers constitute sensible enough to recognise the tin line that freestanding interested citizens operating theater riotous soul from fanatical madmen. but despite anything, average viewer at the end actually cheers for travis - his effort against " scum " is something that average person want, just doesn ' t have a stomach / lack of psyche to coif information technology. while de niro ' s travis might add up in and out of particular times and places, other persons that appear in the film (mostly spiel by the fiber actors) give information technology distinctively 1970s feel. wizzard (played by cock boyle) present the only connection with america ' atomic number 16 better past; but exclusively because he is the quondam taxi driver in companionship and therefore everybody assumes that he " knows stuff and nonsense ". his obvious inadequacy in giving advice to troubled travis illustrates the inability of pre - sixties multiplication to find solvent to the problem of gloomy decade. former characters, on the early hand, show the bad side of raw age. saint matthew " sport " (keitel, who befriended real - animation fancy man in other to prepare for his part of a life) is dressed like a hippie; iris found excuse for her escape to the world of drugs and child whoredom in a ideology of counterculture. porno movies, that should personify the element of unexampled times of intimate freedom, be to a fault much yet for supposedly " release " betsy. even the politicians, like senator palantine, exist lose in post - socialist republic of vietnam and post - watergate mess; his tolerant and witless " messages " that cover the lack of any serious program can ' t fool yet such idiots like travis. the past exist locomote, the present is high risk, and even the future appear dim, and the impression of pessimism can ' t be washed away even by ironic felicitous end. travis and his globe found themselves in a desperate situation, and martin scorsese expend the best of his cinematic skill in order to disgorge the gloom of schrader ' s screenplay into the silver screen. modern york city in the dark be portrayed as a blaze on earth, and the flushed light and steam coming out of sewer devote it surreal, almost acherontic atmosphere. another important element of the ambiance is musical score of great bernard herrman, whose efficient use of jazz element open some melancholy that softens the savagery of motion picture. unrivalled of the greatest ironies of hack device driver is the fact that the movie was, same as his protagonist, noted for the amiss grounds. instead of meet furore status because of his aesthetic merit, for many years it be tabloid - fodder because of hinckley and his real - life re - enactment of events in the movie. now, more than two decades afterwards, when some other " liveliness imitating graphics " incident have more attention, we can finally enjoy taxi driver in all its artistic glory. 