in many ways, " twotg " coiffe for tough - guy flick what la confidential did for police stories. there ' entropy savviness in information technology writing and a mature patience in allowing the material to unfold. simply, i suppose, we wouldn ' t expect less from christopher mcquarrie, world health organization be creditworthy for giving us " the usual surmise ". his writing talents be still in tactfulness as he brings to u a bloody yet intellectual tale of ii unembarrassed just dimwitted thugs and a plan gone awry. the two goons are parker and longbaugh (ryan phillipe and benicio del toro ). these two isle of man show the hardened wear of those who have incessantly accept it tough. their troubled youths own forged two nihilistic souls who apply their awesome gunplay science to go. given the choice of minimal pay operating theatre petty criminal offense, they ' ll forever choose the latter. yet, they are incredibly dopey planners. in reality, these two ne'er really have a architectural plan. they just extemporize on the way, hoping that their bravado and arsenal of guns testament take care of anything that they mightiness have overlooked. their next scheme, which they cook upwardly about equally fast as a mcdonald ' s burger, make up to snatch some alternate female parent key out robin (juliette lewis) that was charter by some well - to - do family. if all goes well, they ' ll take in a nice routine of ransom money and life goes on. what charles christopher parker and longbaugh make not make be that robin is carrying a baby for the chidduck family, whose paterfamilias is a feared crime foreman. moreover, 2 bodyguards (nicky katt and taye diggs) constantly see her. these two protectors encounter an eery sense of joy when be confronted and tested in life and last situations. they would rather break than fail; thus their bravado level follow equally high. merely information technology seems that the testosterone levels of parker and longbaugh are a bit higher, and they employ some strange but fun - to - watch tactics to pull cancelled the kidnapping and to outrun the pursuers in a sort of dull - motion auto chase john l. h. down a series of alleyway. the next hour or so, we watch the chidduck refugee camp regroup and assess their berth. during this time, additional plot occupation come into play and more and more than details are revealed. because the chidduck ' south can not go to the constabulary and because of the special fortune involving the kidnapping, we are insert to more fictitious character that testament help to influence the resultant. we discover that not everyone in the chidduck pack is loyal to the causal agent. as a resultant role, thither are undercurrents of a confederacy, and elements of betrayal and subterfuge. the sepia - toned ambiance is made wholly the to a greater extent fascinating thanks to a terrific soundtrack which emits velvet forebodings, shrills of intrigue and crescendos that enjoin us of life and death position that live about to pass. the momentum and the coolness of the film, notwithstanding, begins to fizzle in the last 30 minute, which featured an excessively extended gunplay where our 2 desperados try to make their manner off with the ransom money. you seat expect lots of bloodletting and an singular denouement. in fact, you crataegus laevigata admire this film more than you similar information technology. hitherto, for the most part, " the path of the gun " ride out on target. it feel coolheaded with its elements of conspiracy and gunplay, and smart for it invective dialogue and tough guy poetry. 