a wonderful little movie that represent really concerned in information technology characters and in its theme. the scene of " 2d best " represent laid in wales. henry james (chris cleary miles) be a 10 - year - old son world health organization must exist in a home because his fatherhood (keith allen) is in prison and his mother committed suicide. james is a mentally unbalanced baby. helium give the sack ' t forget what pass in the past, and he dreams of living a felicitous life with his beloved father. in the home he feels unhappily and lonely. one day, a societal doer (alan cumming) tells him of a person world health organization wants to sweep up him. this somebody represent graham holt (william hurt ). graham flour manages a mail office and shop in a village. he be a single and hasn ' t any real ally. his female parent is dead, and his forefather is ill and bequeath die. martha graham feels that he has been a letdown to his parents. there has ne'er be real love between his parents and him. graham ' s monotonous life would suffer a new sense if he could embrace james. but graham has non only to convert the institution, but must also bring home the bacon the erotic love of james. st. james the apostle and graham have to open theirselves. they must stupefy to know each other and learn to understand and trust the early person. james and graham aid each other to cope with their problem. but bequeath their relationship really give birth a future? " 2nd best " is base on a novel by david james cook who likewise wrote the screenplay. the film be directed by chris menges who had made his directing debut with the rattling good anti - apartheid drama " a mankind apart " (1987 / 88 ). and mayhap, " second good " is even a majuscule picture. this precise, richly detail, sensitively and convincingly directed study about a special acceptation treats its theme with big seriousness. the breathtakingly acute film shows the necessity of human impinging and communication. william hurt delivers an outstanding performance as graham holt. and chris cleary miles is signally convincing in the purpose of the male child. the stomach cast is as well ok (especially jane horrocks as debbie, a societal worker who is charge to examine billy graham ' s living circumstances ). " second unspoiled " is an underestimated chef d'oeuvre. it ' s a pity that film like this one are made so rarely. iodin thirstily await menges ' next directorial study, " the lost word ", which leave star daniel auteuil. 