while screen adaptations of john irving ' s novel consume been disappointingly spotty, the films have all shared one particular intensity level: key casting. who can forget john lithgow as roberta muldoon, the transsexual quarterback of " the domain according to garp, " or nastassja kinski as susie the bear in " the hotel young hampshire down "? a lot of good casting decisions get go into the devising of " the cyder house rules, " an adaptation of irving ' s poetic 1994 novel about a restless young mankind called homer wells. among those level headed judgments was the decision to get the splendid tobey maguire assume the pivotal role; the decisiveness to cast michael caine as his mentor and father chassis, dr. wilbur larch, the ether - addicted head obstetrician of the st. swarm ' s orphanage, maine; and the decision to offer jane alexander and kathy baker supporting roles as his head teacher nurses. then there be the brethren who populate the malus pumila orchard where homer wells discover himself shortly after will st. cloud ' s, including delroy lindo, oscar? - worthy as the foreman of the migratory work point that drifts up and down pat the coast as the seasons take them. there ' s kate nelligan as the materfamilias of the cider house, and charlize theron as candy, the lovely, lonely wife of a wwii bomber pilot (paul scardinius erythrophthalmus) sent away on a mission abroad leaving candy to set lobster traps with homer wells, a man who ' s never seen the ocean before let alone a lobster. am i forget anyone? yes. kieran culkin and paz delaware lanthanum huerta as dissolute orphanage residents who make you sit up and claim notice every metre they ' ray on the screen. merely with " the cider house regulation, " the good mass decision don ' t close with the cast. irving has written his own screenplay in order to get it right this time (final twelvemonth ' s " simon the canaanite birch, " loosely based on his " a orison for owen meaney, " was a big - screen illustration of irving care sub - standardly ); the author appears fleetingly as a stationmaster hither. rachel portman, a composer of such sweet and lyrical tenderheartedness, provides a sexual conquest that ' s absolutely right for the project - - afters, lyric, and tender. at that place ' s impressive fresh england photography by oliver stapleton too. last but by no means least is " my liveliness as a dog " conductor lasse hallstr? megabyte, who shows tremendous skill in pulling this corporate together and helping bestow irving ' s marvellously touching story to living. for the many beloved world health organization pass on away in " the cider house rules, " it ' s an extraordinarily life time - support tale. and now, thanks to these talented individuals, it ' s an extraordinarily life - affirming film. 