rat: r for strong language, sexual duologue, drug use, crude bodily fluid, furiousness and brief nudity. starring: ben affleck, matt damon, linda fiorentino, salma friedrich august von hayek, alan rickman, chris rock, kevin smith, jason mewes, jason shelton jackson lee, george carlin, alanis morissette. running time: 130 hour be a huge fan of kevin kate smith, 1 equal expecting a lot taboo of his new project ' dogma '. it might just be kevin ' s good oeuvre to date. it ' s very funny with smart and foul - mouth duologue while unexpectedly it have a serious undertone to it and besides going against god and jesus christ, information technology really tries to tell people that there is such a thing rather than that there isn ' t. in 1994 a petty $ 27, 000 movie premiered at sundance. this little film be squall ' clerks ' and this slight film went on to become a brobdingnagian video aesthesis. you really fire ' t fill a somebody on this green earth who has non seen ' shop assistant '. information technology was hailed by critic as one of the best picture show of the class and soon a subsequence is coming. in 1995 kevin made another movie ' mallrats ' that founder dreadfully, think information technology was non the best movie ever made it be a middling practiced little flick. information technology was panned by critics just herald by audiences and in 1997 ' chasing amy ' came out and be kevin ' s self aggrandizing achiever to date. at once in 1999 we get a big little flick by the name of ' dogma '. wow! what a cast. okey here be the plot in this motion picture: linda fiorentino plays a regular womanhood who works at an abortion clinic. one day at her house metatron (the voice of god) appears at her sign much to her surprise and tells her that she must stop two fallen holy person (matted damon and ben affleck) from getting back into heaven by ways of a church. all right instantly make this, she be told to find 2 prophets: one who talks a lot and one who doesn ' t, however she gets jay and silent bobber or else (who give us great execution ). instantly on her way to novel jersey with jay and still bob to seek and stop the two angels the thirteenth apostelic father falls out of the sky (chris rock) and helps guide her to receive these holy person. salma hayek plays serendipity who also help her out along her way of life. azrael (jason lee) who is a demon is trying to help the two backer out so that they can bring home the bacon. bethany (linda fiorentino) have to now use the help of all these people to try and stop the angels before they cheat their direction back to heaven lead to a violent and bloody death that will crap you suppose twice about your faith. what a movie, it is everything rolled into one: an offensive, far out, smart and sassy drollery that surprisingly has a smashing message at the last, and ends upwards being a spirit - just movie. who would sustain known kevin had such a cushy position on him that could shit us know that he be a faithful person himself. now for those of you who get offended with this flick really should not take in it to fondness. yes it may point the catholic community and bash them a lot, simply information technology likewise look to rather than go against divinity and heaven, it actually goes with god and kevin give a message that there embody a god. this review whitethorn sound disconcert at world class but really the only way to understand it live to see this excellent movie. kevin goes to new lengths in this uproarious comedy and commit u.s.a. some great characters with not too much background or written report and rather we part to have sex the characters as we watch the movie. of class the honest (and funniest) of them all is the only duo in story that have make up me fall out of my chair laughing and that my friends are jay and silent bob. likely the unspoilt characters in pic that i like. the adept - studded cast is amazing and has some other cameo by george carlin, jeanne garafolo and so english hawthorn more that we start to lose track after a while. the script was written by kevin smith with many farad ' word in there of track and a strong emphasis on sexual talk merely he also seems to boil down on what make up important rather that what isn ' t and makes us laugh at the same time as we think. chris rock pass a hilarious performance and gets into his character very substantially, with some classic lines. linda fiorentino is only perfect for her role and makes us believe that she truly be who she is. of path jason mewes and kevin david smith do a great problem as jay and silent bob with some invaluable line from jay (as well as silent bob ). alan rickman, jason lee, salma hayek round extinct the cast with matt damon and ben affleck in the starring roles. embody oscar winners for the greco roman ' good will hunting ' they open great performances here again merely matt damon seems just a piddling held back and to me serve not dedicate it all helium could. ben however comprise all ko'd and got very a great deal into his character as well as the tale. the movie ' s only big flaw be that information technology bear a few unfunny lines and some dull office to go on with it. however the counselling by kevin and the script by kevin as well as the priceless performance by many of the cast phallus, ' dogma ' stand as a new classic and i mean one can safely compare it to ' clerks '. while being funny at time, in the end it becomes a grave picture with an crucial substance that some english hawthorn not hold with but can ' t deny it. ' tenet ' will offend people, especially profoundly spiritual people, simply for those of you world health organization be open mind and require to see some very funny material then this is the moving picture show for you. all kevin smith fans moldiness see!! 