warning! : crataegus laevigata contain some mild spoilers and unsavoury textile. rat: gas constant (!) for intimate content, oil and sexual humor, and some nakedness.. ( a mild r rating ) starring: rob schneider, oded fehr, eddie griffin, arija bareikis, amy poehler, norm mcdonald. run time: 88 minutes " deuce bigalow: male gigolo " be simply a uproarious good - natured comedy that crataegus laevigata offend some, but underneath all it ' s fossil oil humour and sexual content is a sugared little love floor that is amazingly involving. it isn ' t any kind of cinematic classic, but information technology ' s a really very funny clowning that keeps us harbour until the end credits which themselves are amusing likewise. it has all it call for to be a breezy entertaining comedy: the acting is upward to step and some of the performances quite funny, the screenplay is witty and saucy, and the unharmed history is honeyed and cute. deuce bigalow (rob schneider) is your typically average guy rope: atomic number 2 cleans fish tanks for a living and gets an average of ten one dollar bill for information technology. though one power call him a loser, deuce gets a task atomic number 2 would never thought he would get. he get to clean the tank for a male gigolo (oded fehr) and gets offer to watch over his place while he goes on a trip. examine to equal like him helium hangs upside down from a pole and circumstantially pushes off the fishtank and burns his cabinets. the thing is now he birth to hear and find $ six, 000 dollars in three weeks to do sure everything looks right again. thence he decides to go " man - whoring " and to his luck gets the oddest hoi polloi on earth: an over - weight woman who decidedly wants to eat everything in site, a woman with narcolepsy who slumber all the time, a woman who has sudden screaming outbursts, and a cleaning woman he can ' t quit thinking about. he charges $ ten only he is willing to negociate. from now on he equal look at deuce bigalow: male gigolo. with non - stop laughs an a abundence of crude humour " 2 bigalow: male gigolo " is sometimes comparable concluding years shoot " in that respect ' s something about mary " that is sickening just very funny. the screenplay by harris goldberg and rob schneider himself is a smart, clever and witty screenplay that seems to take in been written with care to do is and then hilariously funny. the characters in the film are all really likeable specially " jabba lady " with her vainglorious body but soft heart. there are actually times in the movie where iodin fell out of my chair laughing so heavily that my tum personify killing me. even though i thought " toy dog write up 2 " and " being john malkovich " be the funny of the year " deuce bigalow " follows right behind them. the directing by microphone john mitchell is fantastic and shows he took time on the pic. rob schneider gives a surprisingly endearing execution and when his romance language develops with ace of his client kate (arija bareikis) it be a sweet love story that we get involved in and actually like being involved in it. " deuce bigalow " be a good - natured film worth all the deservingness information technology can make. its not a classic operating room a masterpiece, it ' s just a funniness that we put on ' t spirit bad about keep an eye on. sure it crataegus oxycantha come turned as offensive and may come off as silent sometimes, but you cannot deny that information technology isn ' t funny. " deuce bigalow: male gigolo " comprise no letdown. information technology a fasting paced, entertaining henry sweet and hilarious clowning that may be destined to become a religious cult classic. fans of schneider volition not be disappointed and fans of crude merely nice comedies will non either. for some reasonableness the film garnered an r rating but with no " f words " oregon extensive use of sexual content or explicit nudity i was really wondering why the film was radius. a mild r to set up information technology to the least, merely even if your under 17 surgery above at least 13 this film is good enough for you to see. don ' t try to be 1 of those the great unwashed world health organization make so much of a film that they do not comparable information technology, just ride back, laughter and enjoy the movie. 