i let to let in that i dislike this film initially. it certianly isn ' liothyronine for every taste, and it ' s sheer torture to posture through if you ' re in a uneasy climate. that said, if you equal in the right hand humor, it ' s absolutely incredible. this was my 2nd pet movie of 1998, and would make been a shoo - in for first in well nigh any other year. perhaps the big crook - off for many was this film ' s unconventionality. 1 ' d live severe - pressed to compare it to any other film that i ' ve experience - it is really, very artsy, fantastically slow - and amazingly, it work beautifully. on my 2d screening, i realized that the film follows the threesome act structure (i didn ' t retrieve it had any sort of structure at all when i first off reckon information technology ). the beginning act serves to set up the characters - form of. it exists even moreso to jell a modality of tension and restlesness, and maybe even feelings of boredom. and then it is shatter by the intense force of the second (which encompasses most of the picture show ). the bulk of the picture is nonpareil extensive battle scene, intercut with brief flashbacks and voice - overs. the artsier element dress not detract from the natural process, but impart to information technology - they bring home the bacon in briefly let the viewer peek into the minds of the soldiers, only if to be suddenly yanked back into realness when the battle restart. the battle scenes are amaze (second only to " save private ryan " in my feeling ). they ' re brutal, horrifying, and at time beautiful due to the awe inspiring filming. the second turn is as immersive, superb, and stalk as any film that ace have of all time seen. the only problem fall during the first and third acts. malick takes a small too long to cause the picture show started. although the initial vista - which dwell of 2 soldier ' experiencing a dear - eden - like paradise while going awol, and the preperations for battle - are effective and necessary, hints of ostentation sink in. the film is exactly a tad excessively artsy near the commencement, and a lot of people that disliked the movie believably gave upward on it because of this. the terminal act be efficient at winding the film mastered, but the problems from the first persist - information technology ' s a bit excessively long, and comes over as ostentatious at clock time. that suppose, there personify two sequences (peerless where a soldier make a devastating note from his wife, and another where one of the main eccentric is pop) that are nothing short of unbelievable. the performances exist phenominal all about. the two standouts follow nick nolte and newcomer jim caviezel, both of whom should accept been propose for oscars. nolte is riveting and acute as the colonel in direction of the operation. his character is hard, hateful, and moderately reckless with the lives of his men, and yet nolte somehow oversee to provoke sympathy for him. caviezel is forever question the nature of war, his home in it, and if there ' sulfur any deeper meaning to the hell that he ' s go through. helium is dead perfect - genuine, sympathetic, earnest, and yet impregnable when he needs to personify. although restricted to a relatively small persona, sean penn is also very good as the fellowship ' southward pessimistic seargent. as to how it stacks up to " saving private ryan " - information technology was my 2d preferent motion picture of 1998, " ryan " was my first. information technology ' s really hard to compare the two - they live so, so dissimilar - so i get ahead ' t, beyond saying that spielberg ' s film had more of an wallop on me. yet, the two are corresponding from the point of view of tone (i toilet easily get a line why someone would " the thin crimson line " above " ryan ). i extremely recommend both of them, and consider them to make up the two best war movies ever made. all in all, " the thin reddish channel " be filmmaking of an incredibly high orderliness. it ' s slight faults are easily countervail by the sheer brilliance of what represent done correctly. it ' s a real ignominy that it tanked at the box office staff - films this unconventional, powerful, and thought - beset father ' t come on very frequently. 