with the sudden giving egression of personal privacy abounding in the news of late, what with that whole president clinton thing perish on (you know, 100 one thousand thousand bucks to discover the president got boinked by an intern - oh, please, government, waste my taxation just a bit more, would you? ), it ' s about time tony scott helmed the newest action pic mask as an authoritative if not slightly ignorant social statement. with this and " ruby tide, " he ' s created two successfully chilly films that are interesting, exciting, even pretty smart, but never totally riveting as cinema, and the trouble i think with each of these films is that each film is too obsessed with its message to always be really satisfying, and too obsessed with looking all cut edge to ever be totally bright. that film dealt with a civil warfare inner a atomic submarine ended whether or not to survey rules or doubtfulness them, and was appropriately scary and all, but never totally thrilling or excessively bright. " enemy of the land " personify the same fashion: it ' s engrossing for it entire running time, and it ' s scary the way that it exhibit a isle of man ' s decent into kafkaism, but it ' s too technical. it ' s too frigid and not as fascinating or exciting as it could exist. it throw will smith, one of the better big budget leading men in picture show these days because atomic number 2 ' s charming and witty and never uninteresting, and hopes that his charisma can make up for his character not be well developed enough to truly be a person. 1 hate to do this, but last twelvemonth ' s film " the game " got it damn perfect: it casts michael douglas as a deeply flawed human being, a man who is cold and experience cut away everyone from his life, and then pulls everything he recall he had as a security mantle away from him and watched what occur. the result was not only a moving picture that be exciting and chilling, but likewise the best mindfuck of the intact year. non that i want every kafkaesque cinema to live " the game " (this year ' southward " the spanish captive " succeeds with less thrills and shiver ), simply it should be an example of what process and what doesn ' t. bequeath smith ' s character be, candidly, overly perfect, at least too movie perfective tense. he had an affaire with another fair sex (lisa bonet, ha ha ), only his kinship with his married woman (regina king) be basically fine regardless. atomic number 2 has a kid, and helium ' s raking in money as a attorney, albeit a real good and fairly moral one. then he generally doesn ' t take in any real problems as a human equal, and is therefore boring. .. except that he is played by testament smith, who embodies him with about as much will smith charm as he commode without entering " id4 " / " men in smuggled " territory. he ' s a good dramatic actor (just see the first half hour of " six degrees of breakup " for proof of this, not that he isn ' t great the whole time ), and hither, atomic number 2 make his part likable and good hearted without any real strain on his character, which makes the film lack any real deep interesting qualities. bessie smith becomes involved in a mass conspiracy involving the assasination of a senator opposed to a government law that would create world surveillance, extinguishing privacy as we know it from the world, nether the pretense that it would make crime easier to keep in line, when he be passed a disk of the result caught on tape by an outside party (a nature observer played by, uh, jason lee ). the politics wants the disk, and represent prepared to destroy his life to get it. as adam smith ' s plight is dramatized, we be introduced to the masterminds who surveillance him, sitting in van disguised as early businesses, staring at data processor and pulling out tricks quicker than a speeding slug. these guys (played by jack black, jamie kennedy, and seth greenish) be the most interesting part of this film because they ' re, well, fascinating: they ' re doing their jobs, which are evil, but the film doesn ' t view them as such, and they almost become our friends. we like these guys for the exclusive grounds that the cinema doesn ' mt automatically judge them as the villains. they ' ra likewise scary because we catch the idea that they ' re non in full aware of the shock their jobs have on the humans. it ' s as if they ' atomic number 75 obsessed with their jobs, non because they ' re malevolent, only because, hey, information technology ' s a playfulness line, and no single else can do it like them. unfortunately, this too backfires a flake on the film: instead of follow the flashlight in the darkened room that " the game " was, you see everything, and be thence not as freaked forbidden because you love what is go on. surely, you ' re chilled, merely you ' re non exacty freaked out by what ' due south last on. but what do you expect from tony george c. scott, the man who ne'er fulfil a five - second piece of film he ever so wish. he ' s a non - bad music director because, hell, he is always interesting to watch (if not occasionally moronic - exhibit a: " years of boom " ), but the reason he ' s not not bad is because helium ' s to a fault technical and depend. his shot comprise perfectly fulfill, and leave nothing to the imagination, and they ' re perpetually making certain you ' re paying tending. this live incredibly nettle, and it reduces " opposition of the state " to a mechanical omnium gatherum of flashy images that ne'er flourish the judgement at any great depths, but still manage to entertain without any actual problems. despite ne'er actually becoming great, information technology ' s never in reality boring and it ' s ever connive. watching the government arrange - up smith is endlessly fascinating, and since we handle about smith ' s appealing agonist, we follow set - up for a good ii hr deserving of tom clancy - esque entertainment. add the best big cast this side of the annual woody allen moving picture show (everyone from gabriel byrne to dan butler pop up for cameos ), and you ' ve got a good old fashion escapist drama which do all the thinking for you so that you never have to in reality question the debate over personal privacy and so you can follow will smith ' s plight without a minute ' s worth of boredom. 