swashbuckling adventure that arse be enjoyed by both children and adult. steven steven spielberg may not let directed (he only administrator produced) but his touch sure is manifest in this movie. and he bonk a money get to winner when he sees one. the mask of zorro have the authentication of a smash hit: great action, funny comedy, and the pacing of a rollercoaster. johns hopkins plays don diego de lanthanum vega, otherwise known as zorro. a fighter for the people, helium is finally captured by don rafael montero (stuart e. o. wilson ), who also, unintentionally, down his married woman. the film cuts to twenty years subsequently, where lope de vega still wants to montero all in. yet, atomic number 2 ' s far too old at once, and trains upwards thief alejandro murrieta (banderas) to become the new zorro. banderas motivating? to revenge the death of his comrade, who be kill at the hands of captain love (matthew letscher) world health organization rather tastily keeps the capitulum in a jarful, in one of the more graphic view in this family movie. with the picture set up, the movie go on full attack, with sword fights a - plenty and witty one liners. banderas and hopkins make a marvellous chemistry as the ii zorro ' s, playing each former sour with ease. hopkins seems to come forth a slight better, but banderas does some fantabulous work. as the bad guys, thomas woodrow wilson and letscher appear one dimensional, but they go done the bad guy shtick in an above average manner. the audience does detest them, which can ' t be uncollectible. catherine zeta - john luther jones likewise pops up as hopkins daughter, and although she provides little more than than the usual female booster cable, she delivers a charming, but single eminence, performance. the chemistry is excellent between banderas and robert tyre jones. at that place ' s a delightful little scene where banderas and daniel jones have a blade combat, and every swipe an item of clothing gets slashed, until jones clothes light turned all in concert. the director, sassy from the enjoyable goldeneye (1995) handles the moving picture show dead. the action equal well do and tight paced, the comedy put across intimately. the cast help a mass, just the direction is still salient. although the film be very long, the plot keeps chugging along, and in that respect ' atomic number 16 scarcely a dull moment. however, the movie is a little over indulgent, and it could have be trimmed. it manages to have the attention, gratefully, and the adventure and charm holds correctly upwards to the final reel. screenwriters john eskow, ted elliot and terry rosio have got unfortunately written an cliched and matchless dimensional script. although they ' ve bought zorro upward to date with big explosions and wild action, the plot of land itself be scarcely existent. there ' s lots of little sub plots hanging approximately, just in that respect ' s nothing substantial to bring them all unitedly. the chief story seem to exist the fact that rafael wants to ' bargain ' california using gold stolen from the guy he ' s buying the nation off. this set up for a synagogue of doom character plot where we see peasants slave driven into getting the atomic number 79 from little mine. withal, this doesn ' t appear to seem until nearly over a hr into the film, so the film is ne'er quite sure where information technology ' s going. in the end however, zorro provides natural process and comedy in spade. it suitable for everyone, hence put the guiltiness behind, and put some more than money into spielbergs bank account. you won ' tetraiodothyronine repent it. 