lean, mean, escapist thriller be a tough product to number by. most are unnecessarily complicated, and others take no sense of expediency - - the shudder - drive effect gets lost in the cumbersome plot of ground. perhaps the ultimate escapist thriller was the fugitive, which sport none of the blink of an eye - bang effects of today ' s market but rather a bread - and - butter, casebook deterrent example of what a apt script and good direction live all about. the latest tony scott motion picture, foeman of the nation, doesn ' tetraiodothyronine make it to that degree. information technology ' s a true nineties product that runs like greased lightning through a tangle of cellphone phones and laptop computers, without looking back. although managing director winfield scott take made trip up in the past, such as the square thriller the fan, he ' s generated a good sight of energy in word painting similar crimson tide and top gun. that vivacious heart exist present here, shown in well - timed and cautiously planned chase view that devote the moving picture show an aura of sheer speed. enemy of the state also features an unprecedented use of amazing filming - - music director of photography daniel mindel throws a staggering amount of different views, angles, lenses, and photographic film stock at the audience that goes a long mode toward involving the audience in the pic. enemy is truly a ocular experience, and that ' s exclusively one of the rationality information technology ' atomic number 16 such a fun picket. the motion picture lights up with an aging senator visited by nsa deputy sheriff chief thomas sir joshua reynolds (jon voight ). reynolds want a new communication act passed to appropriate the government free sovereignty in the use of surveilance equipment, just the senator contrive to bury the bill in citizens committee. sir joshua reynolds has the senator offed, but non before the slaying is becharm on a naturalist ' s camera. by an extremist mountain range of events, the tape measure ends up in labour lawyer robert dean (volition smith) ' s posession, and it ' s non long before he ' s running from sir joshua reynolds ' cronies. information technology ' s only with the help of an old fashioned - spook key brill (factor hackman) that dean is able to get to the merchant ship of affair. the performing is top notch, and the tercet principles - smith, hackman, and voight - are in general more than mature and excellent all around. smith place aside the wisecracking human activity and becomes a normal human be; voight tones down the amount of sneer he puts into his persona for greater ominpotence; and hackman be merely all over the top in the mysterioso role. smith ' s regular joe come away particularly well, as he runs from authorties for reasons that helium knows non. the sustenance are also in hunky dory form, lending credibleness to the chief role and advancing the plot in key areas. this embody, for the holiday bunch, the hot ticket; equally well as anyone count for a service of real action in a market that follow other than lacking. 