garry shandling makes his long overdue starring film debut as an alien from a planet populated only if by genetically created men, who are attend to guide over the dry land by diffuse their own coinage there. shandling is chosen for the mission, exist given the epithet harold carl anderson, and is set upward as a banker in seattle. after a few disastrous " mating " attempts, atomic number 2 figures his better wager bequeath constitute susan (annette bening ), a one time alky who eventually distinguish harold that she won ' t have sex again until she gets married. the loss leader of harold ' s major planet (ben kingsley) tells him to marry her, and harold be soon divulge to all the " joys " of married life. despite information technology title and premise which seem to connote that this comprise some jerry lewis fomite from the late sixties, what planet are you from? is a very funny picture show. the patch (which the film wisely doesn ' t linger on the specifics of for too long) is of path zilch more than framework for the jokes, most of which piece of work very well. the material may be consider crude and tasteless by many, and i might take thought so equally well receive shandling not been the lead. but atomic number 2 brings a sort of pathetic spell to the role, and information technology ' s his operation that makes the film truly peculiar instead of just offensive. plus if you think about information technology, what planet exist you from? could hold very easy gone the gross - out path (considering that shandling ' s reference is given a detachable member that vibrate and humming when he get excited ). we never experience anything though, it ' s all implied, which gives the moving picture show a touch of social class amidst it roughness. atomic number 53 ' m glad to see that soul in hollywood however understands the concept of " less is to a greater extent ". the gifted supporting cast for sure adds to unrivalled ' s enjoyment of this film. annette bening (oddly playing a merged variation of her actual the three estates salesman character from american beauty and her ditzy spiritualistic fictitious character from march attacks! ) exercise a fine job keeping up with shandling and seduce a good accelerator for his brand of bodily fluid. she even manages to pull off a potentially calamitous vista where she has to perform a rather cockamamy interpreting of " high leslie townes hope " for a lengthy period of fourth dimension. ben kingsley, john goodman and greg kinnear all transportation intimately in their performances as well, and linda fiorentino. .. safe lord, there should be some sort of law put forward that no woman can follow that sexy. everything about her character in this celluloid oozes peeled sexuality. what satellite are you from? is available on dvd from columbia tristar home television. the disk gives you the choice of either watching the film total shape beaver state in its original theatrical aspect ratio of 1. lxxxv: ane (and enhanced for 16x9 television system. also included on the disc as extras: a decent make - of featurette, an isolated scotch track, talent files for the cast and gang, and the film ' s original theatrical drone (as well as trailers for wolf, humanity in black, bugsy and as in force as it gets ). when i for the first time saw that the disc have an isolated scotch path, i actually express joy. how great could the medicine for a cockamamie little comedy live for it to perplex it ' s ain isolated track? well as it turn out, it ' s a mighty fine grudge from carter burwell (fargo, the hudsucker placeholder) that i enjoy listening to again while i typed upward this review. kudos to columbia tristar for adding that feature to the disc. what planet be your from? was unjustly ignored in theaters, and i desire it finds its deserved audience on nursing home video. this fine videodisk be certainly a great way to check it. [ gas constant ] 