bruce willis is a type - casted worker. in die hard, he played john mcclaine, a rough and tough chicago copper world health organization beat caught in the incorrect place at the wrong clip. once more, in pulp fiction, as butch coolidge, an over - the - hill bagger, he step on the wrong guy cable toe. in luc besson ' s the 5th element, thomas willis plays korben dallas, a raw house of york hack driver who takes in the improper passenger at the worst possible time. a stylish science fiction epic poem, the 5th element ' second complex plot begins ripe away, in the deserts of arab republic of egypt (think stargate) in 1914. an tremendous spacecraft dry land above a great pyramid where the " 5 factor " are put in and takes them aside, vowing to return them when the evil comes back. cut to present daytime, which is our futurity. the year constitute 2023, and new york is the urban center. the only canonical differences between besson ' s futuristic portrayal and the real life story new york is that the smogginess is thicker, the buildings are in high spirits, and the traffic float! anyhow, the " wickedness " comes back as a testicle of fire to work havoc on the fair citizens of the earth, so backward amount the tortoise - like aliens to return the " 5 element " to earth, in order to guard themselves against the " evil. " in the process, notwithstanding, the ship make up wiretap by 2 belligerent pods and is destroy before landing. when officials arrive at the site, all that stay be a mitt. what can you do with a hand? hey, information technology the 21st 100 here - dna reconstruction! this paw turns stunned to belong to to a beautiful, but deep woman nominate leeloo (milla jovovich, dazed and confused ). she escapes and, attempting to break loose the police by swan dive off of an enormous skyscraper and crashing through the cap of korben ' s float cab. information technology ' s making love at first site, as korben and leeloo elude the lazy - as - always cops. when leeloo get down maunder astir a cornelius (ian holm, night falls on manhattan ), korben searches the " yellow pages " and delivers her to the threshold of the good reverend, the only man world health organization knows of her background and duties. now, korben, leeloo, and cornelius moldiness journey to a foreign planet to board a sail ship (special effects were salient here) to detect the stay four elements. it is here, where they name that they have got been followed by the evil denim - baptiste emmanuel zorg (gary oldman, murder in the first ). he, too, want possession of the elements, as do a group of pig - comparable warrior (reckon the gamorreans in return of the jedi ). in a spectacular finish, with time running out, leeloo is faced with a problem - why should she pull through a people who hold out to destroy each other? the interrogation is a good one, and one that could live mull over. only enough of that. when korben points proscribed his love for her, leeloo is incline to become the " 5th factor " and save the world from total destruction. the fifth constituent features salutary performances by willis and holm, an excellent portrayal of a comedic villain (world health organization reminded me a lot of jack nicholson ' s the joker in batman) by peerless of the victor of villainy, oldman, and a heartfelt offering by relative starter jovovich. the supporting cast, which includes brion james (tango & cash ), tim " tiny " lester (no holds stop ), luke perry (buffy the lamia killer ), and chris benjamin ricketson tucker (friday ), sum a comedic effect to the moving picture show. although besson ' s the fifth element can exist criticized for the outlandish use of cliches, information technology be a solid motion picture with a definite point. some other directors (like anaconda ' s luis llosa) should take a moral from this guy - habituate mind from epical gesture pictures the right way. ideas from virtuoso wars and stargate were utilized for the betterment of this flick. sci - fi fan or non, any movie - lover should experience this wonderfully stylish motility photo. , 