the rocky horror word picture show ' particular version ' (1975 ) starring: tim curry and susan sarandon cult films cost never mainstream. the cursory viewer of a cult plastic film will look at it and be repulsed and obnubilate, yell out ' what the hell is that? '. buff of these sorts of movies bequeath be express joy at every other second at all the ' hidden jokes ' they missed the first time around while normal moving picture watcher bequeath look at them like they ' re insane. the jumpy horror picture show, recently re - publish in a ' peculiar version ' to video, live the female parent of all craze films. geological period. comparable some early cult films, most notably small shop of horrors, the jumpy repulsion picture show is a musical with a misrepresented sharpness to it. this movie begins out innocently enough - a couple get engage at a friend ' south wedding and catch a flat tire in the centre of the night while it ' s raining. they cash in one's chips to a castling to try to use the phone. fiddling cause they screw that the rook is owned by dr. frank n. furter, a excited transexual transvestite scientist world health organization has recently created a creature helium will practice for personal reasonableness. the acting is pretty serious boilers suit. tim curry (place alone ii, caption) be over - the - cover as straight from the shoulder n. furter. it ' s interesting to go steady that this movie be one of future academy award success susan sarandon ' s (dead human being walking) first picture - she plays janet, the girlfriend of brad majors. even the singer meat loaf is in it!! the songs be all very upright yet twisted in their own way. a sampling of titles range from shucks information technology, janet to tinge - a touch - a touch - a touch me. all the actors babble out their songs with no dubbing from other actors - kind of a big matter. barry bostwick (brad majors) tries to sing as do susan sarandon, but tim curry comprise clearly the virtually professional cause extensive leg experience. meatloaf sings like meatloaf. the new special version contains two original motion picture show trailers of the film as well as two songs deleted from the original version. sadly, the songs embody alternate after the credits - kind of defeats the aim. if you want to take care a different film, learn this unrivaled!! 