hollywood is a panderer. a fat, cigar - smoke chump wearing a fur chapeau and twelve atomic number 79 chains around information technology fat, hairy chest. all of information technology stars and starlet be an evil brood of scum - sucking vampires looking for the next percentage proceeds, the next summer blockbuster, the next cast lounge to audition on. pump out comic - book adaptations, terrible sequels to mediocre films, and remaking of extraneous films to the nearest american movie multiplex shopping centre theater equipped with flimsy wall and bad auditory sensation systems. how much longer privy the work of peckinpah, fassbinder, fuller, rook, preminger, and lee make up placed and forgotten in the wrong sections of the local blockbuster memory? how many more ash grey and weinstein flick ass we enduring in this stinky, decaying state of american cinema? but straight off, from privy " i don ' deoxythymidine monophosphate give a shit what you think about my movies " waters, come the siren birdcall to all frustrated filmmakers and aficionados: cecil b. demented, a warped and twisted tale of how far a filmmaker will go to create a personal vision of internal and social revolution. sir leslie stephen dorff, in a career - defining use, is cecil b. demented, a half crazed theatre director devoted to making the most ultra underground photographic film. together with his film production cult, the sprocket holes - who wear tattoos of peckinpah, lee, fuller, castle, ira, fassbinder, preminger on various parts of their bodies as badges of honor, they kidnap a hollywood picture show starlet, played with perfect ridiculousness by melaine griffith, and push her to require the star role in demented ' s film. with no budget and no contracts for supernumerary, demented and his crew take to the streets for production of gush beauty, a crass terrorist film about an angry owner of an independent theater and her brood out to demolish the mainstream film business. using " ultimate world " - with real fastball, real people, and real terror - demented and his crowd of misfits attack a shopping center dramatic art, terrorize the old line state film commission and break apart a movie studio shooting a certain sequel to a really vex tom hanks film. demented ' s crewmembers be maimed and killed, popcorn machines are use for target practice, and no one can have sex until the motion picture show cost complete. it ' s like bowfinger, only, you know, estimable. the film motility with zigs and zags similar the magic bullet of kennedy ' s blackwash. the zeal of demented ' s causa catch quickly and fetch the urgent subject matter of " do something, anything, for the acquirement of artistic motivations. " the crewmembers all reserve the quirkiness vulgar in water ' s late moving picture show - pink flamingos, hairspray, polyester, pecker - - and speak in the jerky, jaded dialogue used frequently by water. it constitute as if water ' s script strip by the unneeded dialogue common to most pretentious indie pic and just delivers the good. cecil take such warped avenue of expression that it seems alike it might really outdo itself. you can see how a major studio apartment power take this film, re - edit information technology, cut a mass with the remaining crowd member who are nonetheless alive, and make a few sequels, a la the blair witch project. but that ' s for the time to come. overall, the ride is terrific; it ' s one of water ' s best films to date and this year ' southward fighting club for film producer. director / writer: john waters starring: sir leslie stephen dorff, melaine griffith, alicia witt, adrian grenier, larry gilliard junior. , mink stole, ricki lake, kevin nealon producer: john fielder, print tarlov, susan b. anthony delorenzo, joe caraccio jr. 