you don ' mt have to know poker game to wish " rounders, " but information technology power help. that a with child deal of this abrupt little drama be set in the back way of modern york ' s cardshark underground astoundingly doesn ' t terminus ad quem its accessibility, even for those who can ' t tell royal and full strength flushes aside. " rounders " ' succeeder, then, is owed to its proficient roll and intriguing portrayal of a reality not many viewer will be conversant with. the dialogue may be filled with term that merely dead on target instrumentalist will grasp, simply you wear ' t have to mouth the language to understand the christian bible - a instruction that pretty much sums up the effectiveness of the whole show. lustrelessness damon, impertinent off his " good will hunting " blistering stripe, is perfect for the role of microphone mcdermott, a immature law student with a tremendous natural endowment for gambling. but after losing all of his tuition fee money in a killer eminent - stakes check with russian poker aficionado teddy kgb (john malkovich, deliciously hammy ), he shifts his stress to scholarly topic, leaving his true area of expertise far, far behind. thing change, however, when mike ' s old buddy dirt ball (edward norton) re - enters his life - it seems worm, just out of jail, owes a hefty sum to nasty thugs, and is weigh on his friend ' s greatest skills to serve him give off the debt. that " rounder " ' tale quickly molds itself into a schematic, predictable taradiddle of redemption doesn ' t hinder its potency. director john pigeon pea, infamous for his neo - noirs " red faced rock west " and " the concluding seduction, " get exceedingly convincing mileage proscribed of the been - there, done - that plot mechanics by trumping up the relationship between mike and worm. damon and norton bring so much to their part that they ' d make up deserving catching even if " rounders " ultimately folded, but the movie up information technology entrancing ante by contrasting their wildly different ways of winning. any succession where the two men sit at the table unitedly is an inarguable highlighting. if solely the early character interaction be as successful, " rounder " power merit consideration when it comes time to routine the twelvemonth ' s best films. current " information technology girl " gretchen mol is sweetly invoke as mike ' s girlfriend jo, cognisant and weary of his seedy yesteryear, merely her aspect with damon number too few to be very effective. king john turturro ' s aging wise man and famke janssen ' s tempting siren, both interesting sketch, personify hampered by the like limited sieve clip. and as a wizened evaluator, the great martin landau construct memorable a role that ' s by and large a plot device - helium ' sec on hand mostly to assort - of save the day and ply a voice for " rounder " ' moral. that moral, by the way, be " our destiny chooses us, " and it ' s something of a surprise when " rounders " supports this solemn proverb by eschewing the conclusion you might expect; mike does see from his misapprehension, but neither the error nor the way he learns from information technology is what it initially appear to be. in the end, " rounders " sees gambling as less a bare dependency than a potential artistry form, simply the salamander itself be only a metaphor for a much large picture. the road to true fulfillment lies within the realization and exercising of your instinctive cacoethes, the movie espouses, no matter what they power cost. here, low pitched - tear crumb similar worm just aren ' t cut out for the cards. screenwriters david levien and brian koppelman entertain and educate in their pursuit to vividly render a culture that ' s often generalized by movies; even over poker neophyte should cross the communication channel from observers to player when the movie arrive to its conclude game scene. inwardly every adventurous filmgoer, there is a desire to be taken someplace newfangled and exciting, and that ' s the exact temptingness of " libertine. " it finally matters not that a few of our tour guide feel partially - realized surgery that the journey itself is cluttered with sites we ' ve seen ahead, because the last destination comprise a fulfill one. in the end, " rounders " holds a taking helping hand. 