scarface, a remake of the 1932 photographic film of the like name, is a real engrossing and, as far as 1 know, a rightful - to - life story of how power and violence lead to corruption. al pacino, as tony montana (for whom the movie is named ), also provides a brilliant performance as a cuban refugee who derive to america with less than nothing and become unity of the nearly highly respected and fear drug maker in miami. oliver pit also penned the screenplay in one of his early writing roles. the film begins by disclosing the story of instantly fidel fidel castro govern thousands of cuban to set sail and head for the coasts of the united states. many of these cuban had vicious records, such as tony montana, a cocky, fast - talking gentleman's gentleman world health organization has the look of offence. closely decent after his comer in miami, tony is thrust into the mobster life when he participates in a cocaine buy that run awry. along with his friend and partner, manolo (steven bauer ), tony rises in the mobster social status when he shape a friendly relationship with frank lopez (robert loggia ), a high - roll in the organized crime field. tony also get down to diminish in love with elvira (michelle pfeiffer ), world health organization at the time was free spoken ' s devotee. of course, sooner or later in this industry, betrayal and putridness amount into a effect greater than anything else, and tony follow i of the ones who fall victim to this force play. this is not before atomic number 2 suit unrivalled of the nigh respected, and often fear, men in miami. tony gets to the point where he cannot trust anyone, and everyone helium knows fundamentally feels the same way towards him. no one stool commit him, and basically, no one does. scarface, although incredibly violent, be one of the best crime films of its clock time and put up taboo as another great performance for atomic number 13 pacino. although he did non receive any recognition from the honorary society for his performance, information technology really is a rattling good one. in fact, his idiom and facial movements alone be enough in my mind to win at least a nominating speech (although he make out get a golden globe nominating speech ). another constituent that stands ko'd when someone reference this film is the profanity. a figure tag to the film boasts that the word " fuck " and it ' s uses be uttered 206 times throughout the picture, which cost apparently a criminal record. the affair is, the vulgarity gibe rather advantageously with the movie. every bit odd as it sounds, it ' s true. in the close, scarface be a very powerful movie that hit home hard. 