historical epic poem as a genre was most banished from hollywood in former 1990s. for many critics, scholars and, most importantly, film producer, information technology cost a thing of the past - something that could have attracted crowds only in the era of black - and - white television and non - cgi exceptional effects. only in 1995, same as in the cause of dance with wolves v years ago, there came the man who decided to use of all his energy and talents of actor, producer and director in order to revitalize that particular genre. and, same as in the case of dances with friedrich august wolf, he was awarded for his endeavor with " academy award ". the name of the film was braveheart, and the name of it managing director and principal doer embody mel gibson. the plot chronicles the lifetime of scottish warlord and common people hero william edgar wallace (1272 - 1305 ). in his time, english king edward i " longshanks " (played by patrick mcgoohan) has almost completely subdued entire british isles, including scotland, whose proud inhabitants are right away subjected by " ius primae noctis " and various other forms of humiliation and oppression by english horse. although english had killed his sire many years ago, unseasoned scots commoner william richard horatio edgar wallace (play by mel gibson) doesn ' metric ton care astir politics and wants only to get peaceful life with his young bride murron (played by catherine maccormack ). murron ' s death change that and wallace take arms and, together with little only dedicated band of followers, begins guerrilla campaign that would systematically ruin almost every english william lloyd garrison in the country. through clock time, more and more hoi polloi join his ranks and in 1298 wallace ' s rag - tag us army scores surprising victory against english knights in the engagement of stirling bridge. but the newly get ahead exemption be endangered by the inner squabbles between scots themselves, especially nobles under pretender robert the bruce (play by angus macfadyen ), who wouldn ' t similar to hold a simple commoner as a national leader. braveheart was alone the second film in the directorial career by mel althea gibson, so information technology wouldn ' t be fair to compare it to the good known genre classics calculate by david lean or anthony mann. however, yet when we apply such standard braveheart is more than becoming historical epic that takes new and refreshing approach to the writing style. the nearly noticeable element of this access is naturalism. while old hollywood films jell in medieval europe used to feed fairytale - like vision of picturesque castles, splendid costumes and knights in shining armour, mel columcille gerard gibson appearance us the passing unpleasant human race of poverty and feudal injustice where might made right field and life was hard, short and brutish. this general unpleasantness personify especially underlined in the scene of battle, where bridge player - to - hand combat be naturalistically displayed in all its gory details, ne'er seen since verhoeven ' s ultra - naturalistic flesh & blood. compare with this naturalistic approach, most of old hollywood epos seem like stage plays. braveheart also employs humor at the correct places, not only to make crashing realities of medieval british isle more bearable to sensitive audience, but too to underline its down - to - earth atmosphere, so unlike from previous historical epics. what makes braveheart " heavy than life " is his admirer. mel gibson obviously invested plenty of his vitality and talent in bring the mythical pattern of william sir william wallace and, as a result, fiber of 15th century poems is transubstantiate into superhuman being that resembles late 20th century comic book submarine sandwich. sir william wallace is more than superior to his enemies, both physically and mentally, as yet he is capable to prove his sensitive, more vulnerable side of meat. naturally, when the fictitious character is based on epic poems, most of historic truth is go down the drain (which was the case with almost every historic epic from hollywood in 1990s ). however, even those world health organization don ' t particularly care about chronicle or are willing to give poetic license to scriptwriter randall wallace mightiness think that he went over the top in idolising alfred russel wallace, especially in the second contribution of film when scots superhero manages to seduce princess isabel (played by sophie marceau) and make her a child. because of that the disbelief is just suspended, and final scene aren ' t as effective as they should follow. mel c. d. gibson as an thespian is truly wonderful, and he is also aid by small army of rattling good british people and irish actors. most memorable of them all is patrick mcgoohan, whose common cold, calculated and evil medieval crowned head exist one of the most effective villains see in modern day movie theatre. brendan gleeson (who would later become famous for his role in boorman ' s universal) is also very good as wallace ' s trusted companion, as well as ian bannen is effective as leprosy - struck mogul john balliol. david o ' harra is real entertaining as richard horatio edgar wallace ' s irish friend, and angus macfadyen fetch a lot of anxiety into his conscience - struck character of henry martyn robert the bruce. women in this pic have rather unappreciated roles, especially marceau as unmatchable - dimensional french princess. catherine mccormack as alfred russel wallace ' s wife was to a greater extent interesting, but she follow eliminated from the pic betimes on. from the technical compass point of scene, the film is besides very good. picture taking by john toll bring a circumstances of scottish natural beauty to the blind. on the former helping hand, the musical score by james ii horner employs as well much of modern - day instruments for period of time piece go under in medieval times. although mostly welcomed by critic and audiences alike, braveheart was often knock for homophobia and other forms of utmost conservatism. the principal reason for that was the fact that charles dana gibson, among many historic facts, pick out to be faithful only to those related to intimate orientation of " longshank " ' s son prince prince edward (played by peter hanly ). he be not only presented as a villain, just also as i of the less competent in villain ' s camp - and depiction of homosexuals as villain beaver state inferior to straight is almost unforgivable sin in " politically correct " hollywood. to make thing even to a greater extent obvious, good guys in this film are the full opposite of effeminate and incompetent edward - rugged macho men of mountains world health organization cost more practical and effective because they tend to employ conservative ' vernacular sense instead of fashionable theories of ivory tugboat liberals. however, although the substance of this film might wait right - offstage, it owes more to leftist political theory of several national liberation motion in 20th century. according to that ideology, oppressed classes (worker, peasants) are better suited to fight for national freedom because their members has less to fall back in that struggle and, as such, they are to a greater extent radical, to a lesser extent willing to make compromises and to a greater extent efficient; on the other hand, privileged classes (aristocracy, bourgeoisie) are to a greater extent likely to betray the cause of freedom and be in cahoots with foreign oppressors in order to keep their prerogative. this marxist worldview is lay out in braveheart without any subtlety. in the end, whether the audience constitute patient plenty to discover secret significance or simply wants to enjoy entertaining historical epic, braveheart is more than adequate alternative for all buff of this recently resurrected genre. 