capsule: bleak and point - blank - - just the way it should constitute. makes its character with cold - blood precision and intelligence. " serial sea wolf chic " embody a relatively novel entry to the cultural vocabulary, and unmatchable of the more stomach - move around ones. unity ' ve never find someone automatically admirable or even interesting because they killed creatively or in great number, and because of that i have apprehension about seeing henry. i wasn ' t sure i wanted to see the account of multiple murderer henry lee lucas portray as some kind of nihilistic poor boy / antihero. thankfully, that ' reciprocal ohm not the direction henry works. the director, john mcnaughton, took a small budget and a gallery of worker friends and create a temperature reduction and well informed slice of work. it doesn ' t provide cheap - jack explanations for henry ' s behavior: information technology shows him up for what atomic number 2 personify, an obdurate and un - idolizable man world health organization killed when the mood walk out him. at the film ' sulphur opening, henry ' s booster ottis toole have a sister, who comes by to stay while she tries to find study in newmarket. in a viciously riveting scene, atomic number 2 admits matter - of - factly to having murdered his own mother, and she covers his hand with hers. they are damned in concert from that moment on. henry and ottis finally begin to kill for fun. the film is especially good at showing how they seem to have roam casually into information technology: in that respect ' s a setting where the 2 go to corrupt a new tv. the pawnbroker they speak to goad henry with ugly holy writ, and henry responds by stabbing the humans to death with a soldering atomic number 26. no prolusion - - information technology smashes into us every bit suddenly as it come the broker. in a panorama which many damned the film for, unseen, they steal a tv camera and motion picture the murder of a whole household, playing it back over and over again for their own use. the movie itself, however, arrange not glorify the killings, but shows instead that h palpate no joy at his work, solely annoyance. henry succeeds thanks to excellent penning and direction as considerably as acting. michael rooker embody credible as henry from the beginning systema skeletale, just standing there, and the rest of the cast of characters works by being insensible and casual as well. the producers had originally comissioned a slasher celluloid from mcnaughton, simply he decide to give them something more memorable, and consequently the pic nearly didn ' t see loss. the photographic film get along not glorify or justify - - information technology just shows atomic number 92, with unintimidated coldness, what henry was. i ' 1000 intemperately pressed to see how anyone can see this and consider henry any variety of " dupe " or " hero ". and then once again, probably, so would henry. 