it have happened again. a film that is advantageously scripted, well acted, and well direct. it be involving, nail biting. .. it still let an unexpected twist at the end that bundle a poke corresponding a blow to the solar plexus. but in lodge to accept information technology premiss one must also accept a spiritual trygve halvden lie. the sixth good sense is that picture. star bruce thomas willis (armageddon) as a child psychologist and william john clifton haley jr. book of joel osment (forrest gump) as a disruptive youngster, the sixth sense is more spooky than chilling, though it does check worrisome images plan to startle. eight - yr - older cole sear (osment) go through dead people. non just in dreams. and not exactly as exanimate bodies. he sees them walking around like veritable people. and he sees them whole the time. dr. malcolm crowe (willis) is trying to facilitate him. helium recognizes in cole many of the same attributes as one of his early patient whom crowe failed, resulting in that patient shooting crowe before turning the gun on himself. if crowe could supervise to find a means to help cole, he think he just power be able to put his own demons to rest. but first atomic number 2 demand to gain cole ' s trust. the boy is so affright by what atomic number 2 sees, he has fold himself off emotionally, constitute unwilling to tell anyone. .. not crowe, non yet his ain mother (toni collette, clockwatchers ). .. about his " secrets. " crowe get down to spend more and more meter with him, even as his own marriage starts to dissolve around him, his wife anna (olivia williams, rushmore) get cold and distant because of his neglect of her and his preoccupancy with the boy. bruce thomas willis underplays his role, allowing the excellent script to make most of the work of build character growth. crowe moves from treating a disruptive male child who won ' mt communicate, to treating a troubled boy who is throw hallucinations, to wondering if perhaps at that place isn ' t some truth behind what the boy sees. mr. willis does a serviceable caper, let the nidus remain on the story instead of on his intimate action hero screenland persona. eleven - class - old haley joel osment finagle to impress us with his carrying into action. he demonstrates an awing sum of money of self - composure every bit well as an ability to play nuances in a complex part as if he be a seasoned pro. it is o.k. employment for one of such a tender age. keep your eye on this youthful man. the supporting cast be too quite effective. toni collette, as the confused, frightened, and frustrated mother world health organization can ' t interpret what is happen to her child; olivia williams, as crowe ' s once loving wife who is shutting down emotionally imputable to the lack of attention from her husband; and donnie wahlberg (ransom) as crowe ' s ex - affected role, right away grown, who illustrates his doctor ' s failure to help him in the most vivid terms conceivable. xx - eight year old 1000. night shyamalan (wide awake) directed his ain script, maintaining a proper tension throughout the film and crafting the storytelling so expertly that the film ' s full wallop is not reached until it final moments, when a surprising revelation force a reevaluation of all that precede it. information technology is a rarified movie which handle to pull up that off and mr. shyamalan, as the one creditworthy, is sure enough to be commended. in giving the 6th sensory faculty a favourable " three star " reexamination for its craftsmanship and artistic deservingness, i must also manoeuver out that, spiritually talk, the picture is highly misleading. there be no biblical foundation upon which to establish a belief in ghosts surgery the " living dead. " the concept of destruction being a door to another plane of existence is a diabolical lie that has been around as long as man himself. the beginning prevarication recorded in the bible be devised by the serpent who assure eve, " thou shall not surely expire, " a lineal contradiction in terms of god ' s admonition. that same lie take been perpetuate ad infinitum throughout the ages. scripture exercise speak of a time when the dead shall wax but that wonderful demonstration of triumph terminated death will not commence until after the second climax of christ. .. an result which has not yet come. therefore, the dead remain in a body politic of oblivion, make no knowingness, until that recollective - awaited time when the final horn shall sound. and then, you ' ll need half dozen senses to register all the joy and rejoicing that testament resound throughout the vault of heaven. 