pic adaption of hunting watch s. thompson ' s infamous semi - autobiographical psychedelic drug - fueled book of the same claim. director terry gilliam of twelve monkeys (octad / 10) and brazil (7 / x) fame, took all over the helm of this project after fellow director alex cox (sid and nancy (vii. 5 / ten) ) " apparently alienated everyone associated with the moving picture ", according to gilliam. plot: writer thompson (depp) lead down to las vegas with his lawyer dr. gonzo (del toro) to cover a bike raceway. during their trip, they systematically consume " two bags of green goddess, seventy - five pellets of peyote, five mainsheet of high powered blotter acid, a salt shaker half - full of cocaine, a unscathed galaxy of multi - colored uppers, downers, screamers, laughers, a quart of tequila, a quart of rum, a causa of beer, a pint of raw ether and two dozen amyls. the moving picture presents us with the results of that heavy drug use. critique: i have given this moving picture show 2 separate ratings because i believe that the enjoyment of this psychedelic picture is extremely correlated with the amount of drugs or alcohol that would be drift around in the viewer ' s possess mind, whilst inhaling this cinematic imaginativeness of excess. if you are prepare to get high operating theatre intoxicated before watching this film, i would enjoin that this is i picture that you leave thoroughly savour on a people of colourful levels. if, on the other hand, you settle to stray from the addition of nefarious elements to your system, ace could not ideate you truly appreciating much of this drug - induced picture ' atomic number 16 entire drive (5. little phoebe / 10 for altogether those sober dogs ). distinction: i feature not read thompson ' s book. having said that, joblo execute engage in an alcoholic drink - based consumatory academic term before (and during) the viewing of this moving picture, so his critique of the moving picture show should be appreciated on that level. this movie relies to a great extent on stylus and peculiar sense of humor, rather than substance or plot. information technology moves admirably from one scene to the next, without much basis of their being, while presenting us with the two days in the life of writer huntsman s. count rumford during which he seemed to take more than drugs and inebriant than anyone could ever imagine. it be 1971, and the times were apparently " a ' alter " in the states. johnny depp manducate into his role like an overgrown child sucking on a burnt umber sucker. during the filming, depp apparently become fast friends with existent - life writer homer a. thompson, and was make out to wander off the seth from time to time, for the sake of check out the newest barmaid at the local watering hole. i call back atomic number 2 did look to exaggerate his walk a lilliputian bit also much, but then again, this movie is supposed to be a crazy exaggeration of everything and anything, so who be i to talk. the peerless matter that did bungle my mind was the actual physical transmutation hold out by actor benicio del toro for his role as dr. gonzo. ane couldn ' t consider that this fat, samoan attorney, follow the like guy world health organization bet the slick gumming criminal in the usual suspects (7. quint / 10 ). word on the street is that profit terminated 40 pound for this role, and atomic number 53 must say that his look was deliciously reprehensible. plenty of cameo also pepper this kaleidoscopic move picture in the form of ellen barkin, christina ricci, tobey maguire and cameron diaz, along with a bunch of others. other than that, the soundtrack was expectedly eclectic, the expressive style was non equally wild as i thought information technology would be, and the ending was certainly not much of a barn - burner, but then once more, who really noticed. this movie is astir visions of bats floating through your head, reb depp looking goofy and be bald, and the richness of drug - ravaged panorama filling your own intoxicated organization with ideas of anarchy, rebellion and the lost american dream. and for all those world health organization plan on seeing this movie without the partnership of a mean drinking or a mighty doobie, i suggest you strike further low the gangway, buy yourself a slate to godzilla (6 / ten ), and enjoy the optic fabrications manufactured for the unstimulated mind. small known facts: depp and del toro snort plenty of powdered milk or else of cocaine. bill murray also portray a thompson - base lineament in the film where the buffalo roam. johnny depp turned down roles in the three musketeers, stop number (7. phoebe / 10 ), and legends of the fall (vii. 5 / 10 ), for small and quirkier roles in benny and joon (6. v / tenner) and what ' s eating gilbert grape vine? ( 7 / x ). in 1988, depp narrate revolve stone magazine that atomic number 2 ' d tested every drug by the long time of 14. reb hang out with some of the member of oasis while filming the uncompleted god almighty transport in ireland, and later act as some slide guitar on the 1997 record album, cost here now. johnny was born in kentucky, is a high - schoolhouse dropout, throw nicknamed himself " mr. stench ", has comprise engaged to four women until now (including actress winona ryder, whose " winona forever " tattoo had to represent altered to " wino everlastingly " after their breakup ), presently play guitar in a band called " p ", and have the viper room nightclub in l. a. 