you ' ve got postal service is a well timed romance for this neutral, computing machine - driven decade. deuce people who ' ve never met confide in each other via e - postal service without revealing their rightful identity operator. nora ephron ' s contemporary update of the shop class around the corner retain the basic plot: two mass who contemn each former inadvertently become potty with each former through their anonymous proportionateness. ephron, world health organization co - wrote the cinema with her baby, delia, as comfortably as directed it, have intercourse what she was doing by reteaming tom hanks and meg ryan as the at - odds couple. ryan make up kathleen kelly, possessor of a small children ' sec bookstall, while tom hanks be joe fox, who head up a chain of mega bookstores (cerebrate barnes & noble ). their charm and alchemy be the glue that binds this photographic film, even through with some of the script ' s rough billet. for the ephrons invested so much effort in their supporter that they give short shrift to the talented supporting cast, include parker posey, greg kinnear, jean stapleton and steve zahn. as yet no one represent really going to complain because the ephrons know their consultation - and what the give public wants is hanks and ryan. and the 2 be kept busy. nonpareil, the early or both be in nearly every scene. hanks has his decent guy routine depressed tap, yet each time atomic number 2 does it, information technology appear casual, spontaneous and smart. ryan smoothly moves between spunky and vulnerable, with a sexy touch of winsomeness added to the brewage. their setting together sparkle, yet though they lack the nostalgic romanticism of sleepless in seattle. and the vestige of that other hit hang over you ' ve got mail similar dried - upward old world mistletoe. the muriel sarah spark created by the early moving picture show are, by necessity, non evident here. true, these are ii masses seeking reliable passion, but you ' ve got mail is more comic and less affecting than its predecessor. the ephrons ' script be witty and sharp. however, as a music director nora ephron is a bit mismatched. some scenes drag, while others, specially when thomas j. hanks and ryan make up break their mortal via e - mail, are crisp and tidy. also, the script have sloppy toward the destruction with characters simply disappear from the story. a nice, romantic soundtrack adds to this date - dark limited. overall, you ' ve suffer mail is a profuse and precious expedition, taking advantage of the star appeal of it deuce leads. information technology ' s a squeamish holiday movie, one for holding hands and cuddling. committed to lifelong hear through in effect communication 