when jim jim henson passed by, he left rear end diverse legions of fans and a company whose ultimate success, it straight off seems, hinge on his input. jim henson productions and the creature store be all the same prosper financially, but as the last 2 muppet films (or that silly data processor - generated scallywag from fall behind in space) demonstrate, the rush and genius are gone. i ' 1000 not certain the dark crystal, made today, would generate from an audience of tyke v to fifty the same awe - filled response. an all - herculean crystal experience cracked, causing the leaders of the gullible worldly concern to split aside into 2 being: the big, gentle mystics, and the predator - like skeksis. the mystics send jen, a naive gelfling male child, on a mission to rule the shard that snap away, which must be reinserted into the vitreous silica before the skeksis become aeonian rule, before the great " connective " of trio suns. along the way, jen encounters and teams up with the only other gelfling animated, the rebecca demornay - alike kira, an ogre - hag named aughra, who get rid of her eyes to look at things, and a convulsive - but - friendly, tumbleweed - like animal named fizzgig. a great deal of the knockout in the dismal crystal, which be a simple fib (though it does not condescend to any viewer ), lies in information technology art management and puppet design. the puppeteering is phenomenal - - respect the scenes in which jen dally his flute, operating theater the landwalker chase - - but one must stress that any thoughts of strings and paw and remote controls all merely vanish in the opening moments of the picture, a delicately - narrated (by john baddeley ), absorbing prologue. the voice workplace in the film, by muppet regulars and irregulars, make up tone - perfect. as intimately, trevor jones ' mark should non be discounted: it bestow to the film almost as an unobserved character. ace suppose, referable to the complexness involved in executing a movie of this nature, that information technology couldn ' t represent helped, but 1 bid the film was longer. jen and kira have grand. .. well, alchemy, and more than scenes of them quietly converse would have be appreciated. the dark crystal has a really small rage survey. the weak labyrinth is plausibly better - known, which be upsetting. a acquaintance of mine related a story to me that jim henson was pressured into constitute humans among labyrinth ' entropy fauna due to the financial nonstarter of people - less the sorry vitreous silica. that film ne'er quite a found its basis; information technology played like an acid - slip instalment of " the muppet show " with david bowie as node - host, borrowing from john ronald reuel tolkien and pandering to tolkien ' s fan - base. ( i suppose i just make labyrinth sound appetizing to a certain sphere of the public. ) the dark watch crystal deserved (and still deserves) a big audience. it ' s the good kind of shaver ' atomic number 16 entertainment: graceful, fantastical, and courageously un - hip. brian henson, golden son, restrain looking backward at this, your father ' s masterpiece. 