to paraphrase a song deed from an earlier walter elias disney movie, mulan be a unanimous new world. the mouse factory ' s latest feature cost a treasure, have magnificent animation, a strong story and exquisitely careworn characters. mulan be the floor of a fiesty, head - potent young woman who, unlike former disney heroines, isn ' deoxythymidine monophosphate look for her prince charming, mulan ' s motivation are simple; to save her father, help her country and find a home for herself in a mankind in which female have no say. the story of mulan acquire place in ancient nationalist china at a time when the huns give invaded the land. the emperor have called for a conscription, one valet from each family to join the ground forces and fight the state. mulan ' s crippled begetter be called, but mulan canary off, steals his armor and take in his position. mulan be a saga of courage and self - discovery. yet, despite the disconsolate backdrop of state of war, information technology is a vital fib of self - reliance and brainpower - over - brawniness that even the smallest child can apprize and enjoy. the motion picture utilizes a strong corp of asiatic - american natural endowment as the voices for the independent characters, including the wonderful ming dynasty - na wen (the delight luck club) as mulan, b. d. wong as shang, mulan ' s control officer and after love pursuit, pat morita as the emperor and the ex serviceman soon - tek oh as mulan ' s proud, but loving father. too adding to the proceeding be eddie white potato as mushu the dragon, sent by mulan ' s ancestors to follow over and help the untested woman. his fast, knowing - cracking, coxa - talking mushu may look out of place, but information technology ' s a crowd pleasing performance, especially for the shaver. the picture features only a couple of vocal, fewer than most previous disney renovate flicks, but mulan ' southward comprise succeeder. the music by matthew wilder and lyrics by david zippel paroxysm nicely into the plot. the overall musical score by jerry goldworker also be a plus. mulan is a treat, more muscular than heracles, with more affection than the hunchback of notre dame. at about eighty five minutes, mulan movement rapidly, and bequeath hold the attention of youngster from beginning to the end. mulan will set a newfangled standard by which future recreate efforts by disney and other studios will experience to work heavily to attain. also, it is hoped that the achiever of mulan, and there is no doubt that it will prove to be a popular vehicle, leave spur an interest for more picture with oriential operating theatre asiatic - american themes so as to provide more than strong roles for the talented performer who gave their voices for this production. it would be overnice to hear them on screen as well as hear them. committed to lifelong get word through effective communication 