near the ending of candid capra ' s vacation authoritative, its a terrific life, saint george bailey (jimmy dugald stewart) is feeling down. he has devoted his life story to others, and ne'er fulfilled his ambition of leaving his small supburb town, bedford falls. standing upon a span above stormy amniotic fluid, atomic number 2 looks down, contemplating suicide. he has likely he hasn ' t fulfilled - - til now, he has get along and then much for others. as a vernal chap, his ambition was to leave his hometown of bedford falls. but times and ambitions shift. things bump, and he ' s stuck. his guardian holy man embody there, and shows him that. .. it ' s a wondrous life. in a whirlwind tour of the ithiel town, george sees what life history would be similar without him. he read the moral lesson, that to live is a gift. his earthly problem are solved. the climatical scene be a marvel. frank frank capra ' s film be a centenial graeco roman - - watched and re - experienced by every generation. wonderful life story is one of the few pictures of clock time belong by that seems as fresh, maybe fresher, then it do when information technology was first released. many films of the thirties through with mid seventies have aged poorly. only this one is a near flawless example of how well a everlasting script and timing butt mesh with first - pace acting, wit and suspense, glorious music, and terrific stage set peices. the only if even slightly dated shot be those at the begining in which god has a longsighted chat with clarence, george ' s guardian angel. they aren ' t whole that bad, but they remain platitudinous and a little out of place. nevertheless, this is one film that merit its position in fourth dimension, cinema account, and our hearts. it tin be equally appreciated by anyone of any age. hither is one genuine masterpeice, a classic that reaches top and ambitions close perfection. this scraunch good mixture results in a film which embody at erst funny, exciting, moving and uplifting. the film itself is almost a turnabout of the life of george bailey - - there international relations and security network ' t too much to it, just capra and the gang (various screenwriters, composers, actors) plumet the textile to it full potential drop. the result exist a cinema - - though non at first intended to be pigeon - holed as a holiday film - - that bequeath always exist remembered, keep, and make love. 