drive miss daisy takes its sweet time to severalize a small, intimate tale. it ' s a quiet film, a slow plastic film, a deliberate celluloid. but if you ' re patient with it, the movie tender innumerable reinforcement, such as a pair of self - assured performance by morgan freeman and jessica jessica tandy. get miss daisy is based on alfred uhry ' due south joseph pulitzer - prize winning shimmer of the same name, which first opened in new york four years ago. the gambling get garnered international acclaim with productions in chicago, los angeles, london, capital of austria, norway, and the soviet union. uhry himself write the screenplay for the film version of driving miss daisy; he also compose the wonderful sleeper goby, mysterious pizza. the film, like the play, is set in atlanta, georgia, and information technology roll around two people in their dusky years: a cranky, lxx - something judaic widow woman who feels guilty about her riches and a 60 - something black market man who becomes her chauffeur. the movie trust on character, rather than plot, to incite the activity. in fact, the movie have no discernable patch in the traditional sense; it doesn ' t present a linear tarradiddle in which whole the scene flow together. kind of, driving miss daisy is arrive at up of the routine activities of workaday life: shopping, listening to the radio set, call the cemetery, use up fried gallus gallus, and so on. the moving picture also integrate into the fib line actual consequence in atlanta ' s history, including the 1958 bombing of the tabernacle (the city ' s oldest judaic congregation) and a 1965 ceremonial occasion honoring the reverend dr. martin luther king, jr. the story begins in 1948 with daisy (tandy) crashing and wrecking her packard as she pulls out of her driveway. the insurance company cancels her policy, and her son, boolie, decides to hire her a chauffeur. freeman, reprising his role from the swordplay, plays the chauffeur, hoke. the film chronicles the warm friendship that slow just surely prime between the chauffeur and his reluctant rider. drive miss daisy is a movie about human nature, mature, bias, and a great many other thing, but more than anything it ' s astir a relationship: one that spans 25 years, 4 car, the advent of polite right, and one gravely crucial 33 cent can of salmon. daisy is inviolable - leave and set in her ways, and, from the outset, she be utterly opposed to the idea of ingest a chauffeur. initially, she treats hoke with disdain, refusing to let him drive her anywhere. once she does get in the car, daisy is the ultimate punt - seat device driver. to ready matter worse, she make up extremely self - conscious about what others might think if they be to see her being escorted around town by a chartered script. finally, however, daisy is assume down by hoke ' s good - natured charm and infectious cheer; she softens and open up up to him. tandy act as the voice of daisy passing well, only alas this feisty, cantankerous character is just a smidgen too commonplace. we ' ve seen this woman countless times before in former incarnation, from on golden pond to cocoon. nevertheless, tandy manages to put enough of a personal stamp on the familiar character to make information technology her own. freeman, as hoke, on the other paw, gives the more distinctive of the 2 carrying out. there is something profoundly moving about the way hoke keep his superbia and self regard in a gild which forbids him from using public eternal rest room because of his skin color. hoke be uneducated and illiterate, but freeman always intimate that on that point constitute something more to this man, an privileged strength beneath the simpleton exterior. both freeman and tandy seem to be in their element, in total command of their natural charisma. they coquette with the camera and dominate scenes without overtly call aid to themselves. they play a light signature to their humorous banter and to the film ' s gentle humor. at the same time, jessica tandy and freeman provide more than a few moments of truly poignant dramatic event. in his initiatory striking persona, dan aykroyd is astonishingly chubby and unexpectedly effective as boolie, tandy ' s loving and patient son. drama seems to agree with aykroyd; taking a geological fault from comedy seems comparable a good move for the actor, particularly when you consider the pitiful comedies he get made recently (ghostbusters ii, the great open air, my stepmother is an extraterrestrial being ). the only other significant characters in the film are daisy ' s housekeeper, idella, wondrous played by esther rolle (" good multiplication " ), and boolie ' s pretentious wife, played by patti lupone. under the direction of bruce beresford (crimes of the tenderness, tender mercies ), driving miss daisy seems a bit stagy now and once again. but fortunately, beresford ne'er forget he ' s shoot a movie, and accordingly, he offer plenty of strickle cinematic touches, such as gorgeous shot of flowers, sir herbert beerbohm tree, and tomatoes. in adapting drive miss daisy from the stage to the screen, the film maker feature achieved a touchy nicety. uhry understands that what his character do not order arse be just as important as what they make say. beresford wisely exercises control in the picture ' s striking moments. the movie tugs at your heart, but it never pass for the jugular vein. the only sap in driving miss daisy is in the sir herbert beerbohm tree. 