in the opening guess of midnight cowboy, we see to it a conclusion - up of a blank movie screen at a drive - in. we hear in the soundtrack human cry and the stomping of horse ' hooves. without an persona projected onto the screen, the audience unerringly identifies the conversant sound of cowboys chase indians and can ad lib occupy in the blank covert with image of old westerns in our judgement ' s eye. even without having seen a cowpuncher and amerindian language movie, somehow the cliched image of them seem to have found their way into our mental scheme. but serve cowboys rattling survive, or be they merely hollywood images personified by john wayne and gary cooper? explore this theme, director john arthur meier schlesinger uses the idea of the cowboy as a metaphor for the american dreaming, an equally cliched nevertheless ambiguous conception. is the simplicity at which redemption and success behind be attained in america a trademark of its experience surgery an urban legend? midnight cowman indicate that the american dream, like trope of the cowboy, constitute merely a myth. as joe buck migrates from place to place, he regain neither redemption nor reward in his effort to create a life for himself, only farther retrogression. during the opening credits, joe paseo retiring an abandoned theater whose decrepit marquee reads ` john wayne: the alamo. ' as joe is on the bus hear to a wireless talk of the town show, a lady on the air describe her idealistic man as ` gary cooper? but atomic number 2 ' s drained. ' a troubled expression comes across joe ' s human face, as atomic number 2 inquire where have all the cowboys pass. having adopted the image of a cowboy since early days, joe now discover himself desert by the part he tried to embody. joe ' s persistence in playing the act of the cowpuncher serves as an parallel to his american dream. he romanticise astir fix information technology in the braggy city, but his dreams testament forsake him as he is forced to compromise his ideals for sustenance. by the oddment of midnight cowboy, joe buck loses everything and gains nothing. exactly as the audience send away picture cowboys chasing red indian on a blank screen, we can as well adjure improving scenes from pretty adult female as paradigms of american redemption and success. just how realistic cost these ideals? joe had raped and been rape in lone star state. the scars of his troubled past prompt him to transmigrate to new house of york, but he does not make out that his aspirations to cost a cowherd hero leave fail him there precisely as they had in texas. alongside the dreaming of success is the ambition of redemption. the power to pack up unitary ' s belonging and start anew seems to be an exclusive american convening. schlesinger cater united states of america with hard hints as to joe ' s scurrilous and abused past with flashback of improper relationship with crazy anne and granny. we empathise that joe adopts the fa? fruit drink of a cowboy, a symbolisation of virility and gallantry, as an endeavor to negate his shame. he runs from his past only to be sexually stain this time by his homosexual experiences in fresh house of york. in the scene at the dining compartment which foreshadows joe ' s brush with the gay scholarly person, joe buck spills ketchup on himself. standing up, we encounter the cetchup has make a cherry stain running from the crotch of his pants mastered his thigh. schlesinger visually depicts the degeneracy of joe ' s virility by eliciting an image of bleeding genitals, signifying castration. beyond the symbol of castration, the panorama may also connote the haemorrhage of a virgo ' s first intimate meeting, a character reference to joe ' s first homosexual affaire. the fact that the idea of a bleeding virgin is relegated solely to females furthers the imaging of joe ' s emasculation. it is dry that joe has trouble prospecting for distaff customer, but effortlessly attract serviceman. joe believe his broncobuster outfit comprise emblematic of his maleness; new yorkers see his ensemble as camp and ` faggot material. ' there be two predominant images of new house of york. the first is that novel york is the rich, universal city where hope and chance are stand for by the tall skyscrapers and the statue of liberty. the former new house of york is travis bickle ' s unexampled house of york, a seedy, corruptive hell on earth. joe envisions new house of york as the former, but make up presented with the latter. mirroring the irony in which joe envisions his cowboy dress as masculine, he erroneously buys into the fable that new house of york be filled with lonely women neglected by gay men. joe recollect atomic number 2 is perform a great service for novel york, just the city rapes him of his pride and possessions. the people slip joe ' s money, the landlord confiscates his luggage, and the homosexuals plume him of his dignity. what have become of joe ' s american dream? arthur schlesinger respond to this question with the scene at the party. joe gets invited to a shindig of sorting and at the assemblage is exposed to a dizzying array of nutrient, drug, and sex. at the party, all of joe and ratzo ' s desire are progress to flesh; joe flirts successfully with woman and ratzo loads upward on free salami. contrasting joe ' s everyday struggles, shooting of warhol ' s bunch display wanton indulgence. there is an violation in the partygoers ' posture; we learn a shot of a cleaning lady genuflect to nothing in particular, orgies breaking ko'd in the periphery, and drugs passed around like company favors. the company make a jeering of joe ' s ideals. joe believed that punishing work and doggedness be the element for achiever in america; scenes of the party and his rendezvous with shirley suggest that it be the idle world health organization profit from joe ' s toils. the american dream, schlesinger suggests, be merely a proletarian fantasy, for those world health organization follow content no longer ambition, but go faineant. as joe head to miami, all that was significant of the cowboy image take allow for him. his maleness is compromised and his ethics is waive. for joe, nothing be go out of the cowboy sub and commensurately, he surrenders the personal identity. tossing his charge into the garbage, he render to the bus for the last leg of his journey to miami. the concluding shot of midnight cowboy read joe inside the heap, more introverted, taking only when a few glance outside the window. instead of the frequent pov shots of joe excitedly looking out of the motorcoach on his manner to new house of york, schlesinger sets up this final shot from the exterior of the bus looking in through the window at joe. reflections of the palm trees ratzo thusly raved about run across the motorcoach ' windowpane with joe just taking notice. the scenery of miami no more longer exacts the same excitement from joe as earlier. the world seems smaller to joe now; the termination of his journey coincides with the termination of his american pipe dream. no more longer act joe aim to be the enterprising gigolo; he resolves to return to a normal job and resign to basic means. midnight cowboy presents two conversant avatar of the american dream. there is the frontier fantasy that if you are brave enough to repel a few indians, you can set upward a cattle ranch out west and raise a beautiful kin. and so in that location be the john jay gatsby dream that a man of humble stock, with perseverance, can make a fortune in the big urban center. joe ' s attempt to realize these dreams robs him of his innocence in texas and morals in novel york. during his hunt for an intangible paradise, joe end up raping a girl and killing a humanity. an fable of chasing the promise of the american dream, joe buck ' s reformist moral wasting is a word of advice against the pursuit of illusory icon. 