in _daylight_, sylvester stallone breaks no newfangled undercoat, cinematically speaking, but helium covers familiar soil quite well. yesterday, as i was go about my business in the university bookstore, i noticed this stand with these _daylight_ flick posters on it. 1 birth never heard of the moving picture, so i stopped by to check it out. it turn out that they were giving away free passport to the picture for people who had or applied for the recognition card they be offer up. so, 1 shrug, reckon, " hey, they probably won ' t give maine the card anyway, and i could constantly use a innocent movie, " so i sign up. all in all, one don ' t consider i got that risky of a mountain, either. rob cohen, world health organization has previously brought us such films as _dragon: the bruce shelton jackson lee story_ and, to a greater extent recently, _dragonheart_ (gee, ane question if he like dragon for some ground? you think? ), now bestow u.s.a. a very nicely carry out disaster image, with fx by industrial light and magic, about the after - effects of an explosion that collapses a busy burrow between novel york and new jersey. sylvester stallone plays kit latura, who follow essentially a carbon copy of the character atomic number 2 play in _cliffhanger_: a paramedical on the out because helium make a mistake that got masses drink down. when the crisis hits, he is in the right space at the right prison term and takes information technology upon himself to go in and get everybody knocked out. at that place are other similarity to _cliffhanger_, overly; perhaps the only veridical deviation live that _cliffhanger_ had a villain, where _daylight_ ' s defective guy cost mother nature. in fact, have the two moving picture been give in hong kong, this mightiness get follow titled _cliffhanger ii_ - - it bears the like relationship to that film that most hk film " sequels " do to their predecessors. the initiative half - hour of _daylight_ make up setup. subplots be interweave, and the mechanism of the disaster is assembled. we meet all the important people. .. toxic waste disposal truck device driver; a young, frustrated, jilted, rule out playwright; a family struggling to stay together; an old couple and their heel; a truckload of prisoner; an ad agency executive; a burrow law officeholder; stallone; and others. we look out the trucks trundle toward their address; we watch stallone and so many others motor toward the tunnel for their assorted reason. and then, thirty minutes into the plastic film, _boom_. and it ' s a big ane. > from there on in, it ' s sly stallone to the delivery. and deliverance atomic number 2 perform, enduring batterings, beatings, declination, repeated immersion in 34 - degree water, explosions, mud, stinker, and perpetual setbacks, before lead on to save the day, sly - style. over again. .. at that place ' s nothing new hither. and yet there doesn ' mt need to be. the fun of _daylight_ be not in the tarradiddle merely in the execution. the special - core are initiative - rate, thanks to industrial light and magic, and the ensemble cast works well in concert. erstwhile the celluloid collide with its stride, it carry the viewer right along to the ending, with rattling few jars along the way. this review is copyright 1996 by christopher east. hayfield. permit grant for dispersion through with rec. arts. movies. reviews and all associated archival. permission granted for detached redistribution via cyberspace equally long as this content remains attached. all other rightfulness hold to the author. 