bob the happy sob ' s quickie review: the mum brendan fraser ' s stuck in the past again, but at least this time helium has something better to do than to quote situation comedy lines and try out to woo alicia silverstone. .. fraser is the lead star of the mommy, the second directorial endeavor from natural process director sir leslie stephen sommers (who besides brought us the decent chill ride that be deep rising ). it ' s a bumpy adaption of the 1932 motion picture, and i say crude because it pore more on special upshot than on some guy rope in bandages, like boris william henry pratt was absorb in. but who cares, the movie has a form of swashbuckling quality to it you give the axe ' t get from, buckeye state, say, godzilla surgery armageddon. fraser play a soldier world health organization gets a premonition during a battle with soldier in an egyptian ground. basically, it ' s a little signaling from the mummy swallow underneath - a priest named ihmoetep who be buried live for take function of murder the king and making out with his mistress. his plan - wake backward up and wake her up also, making him unvanquishable. of grade, fraser returns to the site years later with a librarian (rachel weisz) and her brother (john hanna ), along with a former buddy of his (mystifying rising ' s kevin j. group o ' connor) and some " americans ". .. and guesswork what? yup, ihmoetep (arnold vosloo) awakens and wreaks havoc. flaming flies from the sky, flesh - eating beetles fawn astir, and, substantially, ihmoetep ' s plan commence to unfold. o.k., so it ' s not really entirely that new a tale, but the direction sommers tells information technology equal entertaining enough. the special effects from industrial luminosity and conjuration be top pass, and the performing from fraser and weisz isn ' t half bad either. the action is pretty acute (favorite shot: the dust storm) and there are a few shocking scenes precisely to jolt you horror - loving folk music as well. no, it ' s no phantom menace beater, but if you ' re looking for a solid warm - up to the summertime movie season, you win ' t find a good photographic film nether wraps than the ma. if this doesn ' t render fraser pardon from blast from the past and encino man, and then nothing will. 