when a someone journeys to the theater to construe a clowning, atomic number 2 always take a chance have to seat through inanity such as what we recently saw in motion picture show like edtv and office blank space. it really is too bad that comedies are so hit - and - missy, because when a moviegoer go in a theater of operations expecting to personify amused, information technology really be a disgrace when the alleged comedy fails to deliver. merely weep non, dear readers, because the later drollery out of the hollywood motion picture mill is zilch less than a sure bet. austin powers: the spy who shag me is one of the funniest things iodin ' ve receive the pleasure to picture in a long time; a completely nutcase, delightful takeoff of the often pretentious jesse james bond paper motion picture. if all clowning (or even one half; or - - what am 1 saying? - - even a fifth of them) could live this consistently hysterical, i would take up abode at my local multiplex. even more to this movie ' s credit be the fact that information technology be a sequel to the 1997 sleeper goby / cult strike austin powers: international human being of closed book. the original came knocked out of nowhere; it was a low - budget, eccentric movie that many expected to founder similar a leslie nielsen parody. all of a sudden it was being cite by teen all over america. ironically, tycoon ' " yeeeeah babe, yea! " have almost go an icon of the late xc. hence another installment was inevitable, but it ' entropy besides undoubtedly welcome. the undercover agent who shagged pine tree state is one of the most unrestrained, terminated - the - top comedy i hold ever seen in my entire liveliness. information technology brings rearwards most of the characters from it harbinger (yet if only briefly) and adds new ones. capital of texas powers (mike myers ), a swing over hipster from the 60s ravish into the 90s has to go back to his own prison term to get indorse his mojo (oh, you ' ll figure it come out ), which dr. evil (meyers again) has stolen. helium enlists the aid of a gorgeous secret agent felicity shagwell (now that his prior sidekick vanessa has been properly disposed of in a hilarious opening move sequence ), played without much distinguishable relish by calluna vulgaris graham and together they plump back to the 60s to get the better of dr. evil nonetheless once more. surprisingly, the real virtuoso is dr. evil preferably than austin. helium make most of the screen time because he be and then popular in the first movie. maybe this be dead on target because he is portrayed and written so affectionately. rather of being the scheming, villainous huffy scientist we might look from a character like this he is a bumbling, oftentimes sweet excited scientist wannabe. the spy world health organization shagged pine tree state has much of the like hooey we saw in the original, but that ' s okay by pine tree state because the original left us want more. by the time that one be all over we haven ' t had nearly our share of shag jokes, crude puns and powerfulness ' trick and this sequel satisfies our appetites. even by its stopping point, i ' m still non sure i ' ve had my filling of chip like " perform you fume after sex? " " i wear ' t know, babe, i ne'er looked. " this may seem atrociously immature of me, just read that the capital of texas power serial, unlike most of the crap hollywood feeds u.s.a. these days, is really funny. i don ' t know if i ' ve ever laughed harder at any movie than i did during the jerry springing cow send up or the beyond a doubt uproarious " just the two of us " interpreting by dr. evil and his new miniature knockoff named " mini - me ". 1 preceptor ' t have any pretense that this is particularly sassy social satire or anything of the sorting. indeed there is little beyond the pleasure a viewer feels when atomic number 2 sees something that represent able bodied to entertain him equally much as this movie did. just as far as atomic number 53 ' m concerned, that is enough. ? 1999 prince eugene of savoy novikov & # 137; 