capsule: trippy, hyperspeed action machine from hong kong ' s fulfill tsui hark. van damme and rodman have nice chemistry, the stunts are eyepopping, and stuff gets blowed upward real good; what more do you desire? i let in i was all set to loathe double squad; information technology reek of cheapjack timing - oriented selling (stick dennis rodman in a picture show, quick, while he ' s hot, and do something about jean - claude van damme ' s flagging career while we ' re at it! ). surprisal - - double team go past it dumb root and turns out to be a mess of play. bring some friends, have some pretzels, and have a flak. new wave damme is jack quinn, an x - agent world health organization is contribute back in for " one and only last mission " - - you ' d think any spy worth his shoe phone would bunk like blaze when he hears those words. but van damme ' s character has a meaning wife world health organization ' southward besides a sculptor, and some unpleasant pressure gets used to commence him to fall through with on this deputation. atomic number 2 ' s been attribute to take down an old foe, a terrorist call stavros (mickey rourke, looking strangely subdued ), who may constitute backward up to his old conjuration. in the world class showdown between quinn and stavros, the movie wears it ambitions proudly on its sleeve: nonstop action. an amusement park, a infirmary, a private " retired spy " ' s hideaway, most of rome, assorted houses, plane, railroad car and other mode of transport, and the coliseum (! ) all become arena for some of the nearly bone - rattling shoot - outs and punch - out shoot. they are intimately seen than described and are reason enough to visit the film: one jaw - dropping shot have van damme train on a man who uses a switchblade with his * feet *. ( caravan damme is a good, deft jock and fighter, but he is often upstaged. ) there be other nice touches. stavros and quinn both want the same thing: to put out in peace with their family. that aspiration ties them together in various way, and also humanizes them a bit. one of the thing about hk action movies be that there ' s invariably some sort of human element, and that ' s carry over into this picture show every bit well. information technology gives weight down to scenes that would otherwise make up forgettable. also adept is dennis rodman, playing a weapons principal named yaz - - a lineament world health organization sticks out like a handful of unkept fingers and world health organization live funny just standing there. rodman is natural on screen; he ' s fun to watch, especially when slinging unsound guys like basketballs, and deserves to get a flick of his ain, based on what ' s look here: a whippersnapper, fast - moving entertainment that showcases all of it pieces famously. 