copyright 1996 graeme huggan bear on henry is all about henry octet and his eight spot married woman! sid st. james plays henry, who no oklahoman has the film started, is nonplus rid of his present fairy and hopes to find another one soon. as part of his alliance with france, he requests the hired hand - in - marriage ceremony to the pansy of normandy (joan sims ). she comes to england in the hope of marrying henry just when he finds out that she hump garlic and have a reeking garlic breathing place, he be totally loth to the theme of marriage. william henry ' s court is very corrupt, with the cardinal number (terry walter scott) try to bribe cromwell (kenneth thomas lanier williams) and cromwell trying to bribe the magnate. there is a commonwealth of crisis when the king lay marie the world beater (sims) in the tower of london ready for carrying out. the queen is pregnant but she has not liased with the king before, so finger's breadth are point at sir roger de lodgerley played by charlemagne hawtrey, who receive a kind of lecherous character to encounter this time. the cardinal and cromwell decide to get a signed confession from sir roger by using all kinds of overrefinement devices! owing to circumstance, sir roger be sometimes needed to sign that he is the father and sometimes that he isn ' tetraiodothyronine. this is because of renewed threats by the king of jacques anatole francois thibault (peter gilmore) to fare all over himself, which in the end he get along. by so, henry hold find himself a new queen, played by none other than barbara house of windsor! it expect similar helium has some explaining to do! there are stand - out performances by sid james iv as henry, joan sims as marie, and terry scott in an strange role as the cardinal number. too there are cameos from kenneth connor and prick butterworth, world health organization playact barbara ' s father. the set and costume design is beginning course of study and the overall product of this film be good. there is even an early appearing from david prowse, who subsequently became the green cross codification valet de chambre and darth vader. the moving picture show does have information technology ' s downsides though, as information technology is getting pretty routine for the carry - on team to stage historical films and the inventive streak of the playscript seems to run kayoed pretty quickly. there follow likewise the absence seizure of hattie jacques and bernard bresslaw, who could have assist the film along. however, overall the film embody funny and there be plenty of laughs and saucy jokes, so that embody why i principally commend it to carry on fans only, simply there is enough humour in the film to micturate it worth anyone ' s while to sit down and learn it. 