while it was portion of former yugoslavia, my state, croatia, used to be about completely ignore by western films in worldwide. words " croatia " and " croatians " were unheard, even in movie whose plot actually took place on croatian fix. the rarefied exclusion was the hot dog of state of war, 1980 adaptation of frederick forsyth ' atomic number 16 bestselling novel, yet that rare occasion only added affront to the hurt, by mentioning croatians in most uncomplimentary context. in a individual railway line they are referred as a bunch of mean people, likely terrorists, who happen to remove function of arm dealer ' stomachs when they are unsatisfied with the quality of merchandise. like line also illustrates the milieu where the movie hold berth - dark and violent world of shady external batch with the blurred bound between concern, political relation and crime. the moving picture protagonist, shannon (christopher walken) be a mercenary who spent the honest eld of his life fighting numerous small wars all over the globe. his late job be a intelligence agency missionary work for powerful mining corporation that demands information astir political climate in west african nation of zangaro. shannon arrives in that land only to find oppressive regime of president kimba, bloodthirsty maniac whose savagery crushed any opposition and scared almost any westerner away. after be hold and tortured by kimba ' s secret constabulary, claude e. shannon leaves land with a helper of british journalist north (colin blakely ). upon return, atomic number 2 be go about by mine company over again, but this time they want him to plan and execute the coup d'etat d ' etat against kimba. shannon reluctantly concord and tack small group of his survive mercenary friends who begin meticulous preparation for another small warfare. thing that separates the frump of warfare from schematic military action motion picture show, especially those made in eighties, exist its authenticity, almost nigh to documentary. information technology shouldn ' t surprise anyone, because the author of the novel, frederick forsyth, make reputation by meld fiction with real life, thus creating worry, exciting yet very believable plot for his books. those plots were also responsible for few really successful 1970s thrillers, and one of them, zinnemman ' s the day of the jackal, is straight off debate a classic in that musical style. this ane deals with soldiers of fortune, ancient custom that comprise resurrected in great turmoil of 1960s and 1970s and fill up the void left by disappear colonial empires. different wild geese, that used it as a pretext for conventional military action adventure, script by george malko and gary de vore (writer whose death last year became real life mystery) is serious, and instead of action puts emphasis on characters and prosaic details of their body of work. the film doesn ' t try to romanticise the mercenary profession nor glorify mercenaries as some form of superheroes; they are simply shown as deadly nonetheless expendable prick of powerful force with refutable agenda. christopher walken toy in many movies, yet real seldom we can view him in a leading role. his execution in this film perhaps isn ' t breathtaking, heretofore adequate. his notoriously expressionless font is perfect illustration of the disillusion, public - weary world whose alienation from the " normal " way of living becomes complete and only when remaining ideal be trueness to the shrinking circle of friends. although the movie doesn ' t lack capable actors, their roles are miniature compared with walken ' mho, and only colin blakely as misanthropic reporter have opportunity to portray his character. even so, those who look intimate faces would find them plenty in the hot dog of war - tom berenger, paul freeman, jo beth williams, victoria tennant (in brief cameo ), and biggest surprise is ed o ' neill (of married with tyke fame) as shannon ' s reluctant colleague. this was the first major production for john irvin, and information technology shows wherefore he earned the repute of capable, yet 2d class director. with the good script he canful take a leak rattling good movie, with the bad script he arse make real deal. luckily, the dogs of warfare induce a honest script. irvin ' s instruction constitute real ascetical and it gave the movie almost documentary feel. the alone distraction is dramatic music of geoffrey burgon, use on the incorrect space. in the final fight scene, where we can ascertain mercenaries at work, irvin show uranium that advanced warfare intend superior firepower and tactics, dissimilar 1980s ramboesque fantasy that rely on macho superheroes. unluckily, by pee battle realistic irvin made it pretty less attractive and his sloppy redaction too didn ' t help. but, despite those shortcoming, this movie stay interesting and rare combining of activeness thriller and gritty, realistic political drama. 