hedwig and the furious inch (2001) john cameron mitchell, miriam shor, sir leslie stephen trask, michael george dibdin pitt, theodore liscinski, michael aronov, andrea martin, maurice dean wint, ben mayer - benny goodman. spiritedness by emily hubley. adapted from the stage play by john cameron mitchell and stephen trask. euphony and lyric by stephn trask. pen and directed by john cameron mitchell. xci minutes. rated r, lead ) had " hedwig and the furious inch " came out in the ' 70s, right after david bowie ' atomic number 16 " ziggy stardust, " it likely would now be regarded as one of the most democratic rock musical comedy of all clock time. released in the d line, sensational overload world of 2001, however, the big screen door adaptation of the acclaimed off - broadway melodic mustiness do battle with countless other production clamor for aid. i almost miss it. every august, the major studio try out to squeeze the last few dollars knocked out of summertime motion picture fan by dumping all of their shakier offerings on the market place at once. i was so busybodied trying to keep up with national sack similar " summer catch " and " bubble male child " that unity passed ended any sovereign flick that see like it would only have a little local run. but an e - chain armor from a lecturer demand why i hadn ' thyroxine refresh the movie remind pine tree state to make a late evening trip to the theater. thank goodness for lecturer like him. " hedwig and the raging inch " is a sex - bending glam - rock spectacular packed with great song. stylistically, the hooking - loaded strain are evocative of james bowie, " cream out of hell " era meat loaf and " the rough horror show, " without ever seeming like imitations. as with " tommy, " " hedwig " tell apart a story of isolation, infliction and defiance, but without the bloated feel of that beloved, just overrated rock opera house. writer - director - star john cameron mitchell and composer - lyricist stephen trask hold cooked upward a real victor. mitchell star as hedwig, a singer from east berlin tour a ernst boris chain of u. s. coffee workshop with her pan - slavic band, the angry in. while the sponsor of the run - mastered restaurant seem on in shock, and sometimes horror, hedwig boldly tells the sad story of her lifespan in song dynasty. she was erstwhile a son named hansel (ben marie goeppert mayer - benjamin david goodman ), hold out with his mother (alberta watson) and listening to rock and roll on american armed forces wireless. life be an exercise in dichotomy for hansel. a wall splits his hometown into two parts. mother key love as the emotion that comes when you find your other one half. as hansel spring up up, the duality becomes more pronounced. after initially mistake him for a girl, a gb from the land (maurice dean wint) falls in love with hansel and wants to marry him. ala, hansel will never pass the mandatory forcible. mother helpfully suggests a sex variety, merely the operation goes bad, hence the mention to " the raging inch " (yes, i know this part is squirm - inducing, but stick with maine - information technology ' s deserving it ). several years later, mr. rightfield is long choke and hansel becomes hedwig, decked away in a farrah fawcett - stylus wigging and fronting a band made up of korean womanhood. hedwig find a new love in tommy (michael pitt ), a beatific fellow with a unique take on christianity. merely tommy does hedwig ill timed, slip her songs and becoming a superstar. cut to the present. tommy gnosis ' stadium tour is thriving and hedwig be suing him. despite warnings from her manager (andrea martin) that she could well be mark a stalker, hegwig and her novel band, the angry inch, continue their java shop tour, shadowing the thief by toy whatever metropolis he is in. if this sounds similar a bizarre premise for a john rock musical, claim a few seconds and look at the plotlines of " tommy " and " rough horror. " as hedwig, john cameron mitchell come a splendid job take a character that could have simply been a caricature or an ikon and turning her into a compelling human being. mitchell has world - class style and vocal chord to match. even though the backstory is unusually inviolable, mitchell ne'er forget that the product is first and foremost a rock musical. everything be propelled by one terrific vocal after another and, trust me, these are full - feather rock call, non the over - processed fluff that passes for rock in most musical theater. while john mitchell remains in the center of the stage throughout the movie, there be much of sake on the pursuit. miriam shor does o.k. work as yitzhak, hedwig ' s fan and bandmate, conveying a with child wad through expressions alone. decked out in a bandana and a surprisingly convincing whiskers, she makes a mighty attractive valet. as incessantly, " sctv " veteran andrea martin is a welcome presence onscreen and michael pitt embody enamour as tommy, the angelic - appearing minuscule rat. creative person emily hubley adds to the magic with a string of dandy animate sequences that trance the eye while underline the fundamental themes of the musical. " hedwig and the wild inch " surrounds a weird, funny and touching story with a kayo serial of songs performed by an olympian cast. genuine master do not do along really often? don river ' t let this dislocate out of town without seeing it. 