american proto indo european acknowledges a cold, hard fact that most picture show don ' triiodothyronine: it is rattling hard to get down laid. its four virgin heroes are jim (biggs ), a chronic masturbator, kev (nicholas ), who desperately need to deflower his girlfriend (reid ), oz (klein ), a lacrosse player whose approach requires some hunky dory tuning, and finch (eddie kaye seth thomas ), a germphobe (his crass nickname is hilarious, but i come through ' t spoil information technology here) who pays a classmate to spread rumor astir the sizing of his penis. jim, kev, oz and finch wait on a in high spirits schoolhouse in suburban michigan full of then many impossibly beautiful women it ' s no marvel they ' re horny all the time. after a party at their studly friend stifler ' s (seann william sir walter scott, in the film ' s sharpest performance) house exit them sexually unsatisfied, the quartet make a pact: to " lose it " by commencement exercise - specifically, prom nox, which follow only a few hebdomad away. american proto indo european embody in the tradition of bachelor party or revenge of the nerds. almost every conversation these characters experience revolves around makin ' whoopee. all women are at that place to comprise ogled. ( alyson hannigan ' sulfur perky music student be the only memorable female person of the crowd. ) situations abound that defy logic only to arouse and / operating room divert its effect audience, adolescent boy. ( to bring up: nadia ' s (shannon elizabeth) internet peeler - an unexpectedly rowdy (and guiltily enjoyable) chronological succession. to divert: jim ' s lusty encounter with a hot malus pumila pie. ) what distinguish american pie from those dirty 1880s comedies, aside from a very nineties fixation with bodily fluids *, comprise a cast that ' s light years more appealing than that of, order, just one of the guys. two more standouts: calvin klein and " sctv " ' s eugene levy en masse. klein work a form - hearted jock for the second time in a row, after alexander the great payne ' s underappreciated election. iodin hope to see more of this quick actor with the disarmingly fair face very soon. levy ' sec is the most crowd - pleasing public presentation, and indeed, it ' s nice to interpret him back on the large sieve in a role that makes wonderful use of that expressive eyebrow. american proto indo european too want to emulate the teen flicks your parents _would_ let you watch growing up. it skillfully employs a broad mix of pop air, often like john charles evans hughes ' flick did, and even pays homage to the breakfast guild a duo of times, most evidently when the promenade band covers simple minded minds ' " don ' liothyronine you (forget astir me ). " the picture ultimately hold a healthy, if obligatory, attitude towards secure sex - yet at their most libidinous, american pie ' s protagonist first whip out a prophylactic. the filmmakers evidence that socially responsible grossness be possible. for its familiarity and for its charming leads, i recommend american pie, just the bombination on this moving picture had pine tree state expecting something. .. fresher. equally far as the newfangled teen cinema goes, information technology ' sulfur at the top of the heap. * don ' t say 1 didn ' t warn you about the political party aspect. 