note: some crataegus laevigata consider portions of the follow text to represent spoilers. comprise forewarned. james toback ' s return to directing after a eight - year layoff, two girls and a guy rope, is a film which is comprised, more operating room less, of just that: one guy, blake (robert downey jr. ); two girls, carla (heather graham) and lou (natasha gregson richard wagner ); one primary mount (blake ' s absurdly spacious bachelor flat ), and a great deal of dialogue. embracing a near real - clock time feeler, this is a highly theatrical feature of speech that whole flow upon the performances of its threesome actors and the quality of the duologue written by mr.. toback for his bantering characters. fortuitously, the flick ' s cast is up to the challenge, and the verbose exchanges between the triad of characters, while avowedly varying, are on occasion wickedly disport. the cinema ' s setup is fairly generic in nature, and opens rather unpromisingly. we meet self - own blond carla and thin skinned brunette lou, both waiting outside a soho loft. as they charter in idle chatter, it is revealed that they ' re both waiting for their several boyfriends to return from the airport, and it doesn ' t take long for them to come to the fruition that they ' re being two - timed by the like guy wire. more outraged with him than catty with each other, the duo break into blake ' s pigeon loft and wait his reaching for a confrontation. information technology ' s when william blake return to his abode where the film hits information technology stride. played with magnificent blah by mr. downey jr. , blake is a cad, all right, but a captivatingly active, blustering, and sneak piece of employment that bursts onto the panorama and raises the stake to new heights. it ' s fascinating to catch this character in his natural home ground, and perhaps the film ' s best choice was to have his two girlfriends scurry hit into blot out upon his return, allowing united states to size of it upwards blake not with his interactions with others, but by his own innate behaviour. whether he ' s flamboyantly behind his pianissimo in a rollicking rendition of vivaldi, oregon on the earphone allow for message to his beloveds (carla, lou, and his unseen sickly mother ), information technology ' s ne'er less than wildly entertaining and insightful. though at this point i almost hoped the film would transform into a one - mankind display - - a typical afternoon in the life of blake, if you testament - - carla, and and then lou, expose themselves, and the spark begin to fly. ( one of the great touch modality in the celluloid is how blake, when startled by carla ' entropy unannounced appearance, begins to both verbally and physically backpedal even before helium actualise that the cat ' due south out of the bag. ) double - teamed by the clearly aggrieved woman (who are more smirkingly inquisitive than fiercely vengeful - - they want a justification for his on going hypocrisy ), an increasingly - flustered blake weakly defends himself with apologetic and even self - righteous proclamation against their verbal jab. surprisingly delightful in the valse of scathing witty banter shared by its trio of character, two missy and a guy concludes its first sequence with an unexpected apoplectic enactment of such outrageous audacity that information technology seemed nada was off - limits for this film. notwithstanding, it ' d comprise unfeasible to attempt to string along carla and lou ' s indignation to full feature - length, and it ' s as the movie step by step transforms into the sharing of exploratory profundities on the nature of fidelity and relationships that it slowly merely surely begins to unravel. the dialogue becomes to a lesser extent and less engaging and clever, the film ' due south tempo loses its liveliness, the dynamic between the persona acquire in unconvincing way, and various chronological succession fall flat. subtle and non - quite a - subtle allusions are stool (a poster of jules et jim hang prominently on the wall ), and closed book be revealed which barrel the film toward an uncompelling weepy finale. one key fruit turn period in the motion picture is the kinky gender scene between blake and carla. two girls and a guy was embroiled in a bitter, longsighted - running conflict with the mpaa with regards to this scene - - contractually - obligated to deport an r - rated film, mr. toback comprise forced to resubmit fourteen scaled - down versions of the steamy entr'acte before the mpaa withdrew their nc - 17 military rating in favour of an r - - and while admittedly titillating, the net effect of the vignette on the film ' s thematic narration is rather dubious. if anything, two girls and a hombre serves as a showcase for the phenomenal talents of mister. downey jnr. , whose versatility is put to the test in this film. helium plays the gamut from indignant to chagrin, from self - assured to discompose, hitherto his move appurtenance shift so smoothly as to not be registered. it ' s a wonderful performance in a role custom - sew for him; mr. toback wrote the screenplay in four days shortly after mister. downey jr. was arrested on drug charges, and it ' s hard not to see echoes of reality seeping into his character - - in a monologue to his mirrored reflection, blake ' s self - chiding to " get [his] shit in concert " cost disquieting in its rapport. while mr.. downey jr. ' s showstopping functioning is doubtlessly the primary strength of the moving picture show, both actresses are solid in to a greater extent broadly - observed use. ms. martha graham be quickly suit one of america ' s more daring actresses, involving herself in three sequent hazardous projects - - two daughter and a guy and boogie nighttime are both quite sexually frank, while lost in space has a screenplay penned by akiva goldsman. she ' s quite a attract here, playing a character at once both dainty and sultry. meanwhile, multiple sclerosis. gregson otto wagner initially portrays lou with such an insupportable spunk that audiences are likely to find it either annoying, oregon, like me, endear. she strengthen it down substantially as the flick progresses, but single found her more than fun to watch as the unnaturally excitable chatterbox. the film was reportedly inject in eleven days, film generally in sequence, and the ensuant artifacts of this rapid shoot are evident throughout. 2 girls and a guy wire has an agile, ad lib sort of feel, and one sense that mr.. toback encouraged a good great deal of extemporisation from his three actors. while the film could exist interchange directly to the stage more operating room less intact, information technology doesn ' t feel constricted; the expansive apartment setting be well - used to vary the background, and mr. toback allows his camera to range and linger on his characters in an efficacious manner. two girls and a guy settle poor of its potential, simply thanks to some stellar work by mr. downey jr. , it ' s still often an enjoyable, bitingly funny shoo in, particularly as we watch the surprisingly - resilient blake evasively try to rationalise his behaviour and even turn the tables on his lady friend. " atomic number 53 ' thousand an actor, " he tells them at one point, use the ol ' tried - and - tested occupational - luck defense. " role player lie. " but not, they all appear to agree, denzel booker t. washington. 