finding the courageousness to face life story full - on represent a difficult task. mobilise up the audacity to settle in love is a harder job. if you ' re a total jerk like melvin udall make up, the odds are still more against you. melvin (jack nicholson) is a successful romance writer who is barely the opposite of what you would ask individual in that professing to be. a solitary man blot out aside in his new house of york apartment with no human interaction and non even a hint of always having been in a passionate relationship, he avoids the outdoor worldly concern as much as potential. his obsessive - compulsive disorder principle his life as he uses several unlike bars of soap to wash his hands and refuse to ill treat on a crack on the pavement. ( there ' s a large vista when he has to cross a floor made of mosaic tile - - _very_small_ photomosaic tiles. ) melvin has some great lines. when his publishing house ' s receptionist ask him how he write women thus well in his books, he respond " i think of men and atomic number 53 contract away reason and accountability. " don ' t experience him untimely, he ' s not just a misogynist. setting his stack higher than that, he ' s besides a homophobe, racialist, anti - semite, xenophobe, animal - hater and intensely dislikes multitude world health organization verbalise in metaphors. when we firstly meet him, he ' s in use ditch a neighbour ' s dog down the garbage chute. he ' s an equal chance bigot. atomic number 2 does venture outside his apartment every mean solar day to consume breakfast at a local cafe. melvin is such a grouchy curmudgeon that waitress carol connelly (helen hunt) is the alone one unforced to look on him. and she ' s none too happy astir information technology. when christmas carol doesn ' t show up for work, melvin ' s bit is shot and he ' s determine to do something astir information technology. cut across down her address, he shows up at her place begging her to come back to wreak then that atomic number 2 can eat breakfast. the fact that she ' s a poor single mother care for a inveterate ill boy doesn ' t appear to phase him, atomic number 2 wants his nutrient. much more disconcerting comprise that his jolly artist neighbor simon zelotes bishop (greg kinnear) is brutally assail during a looting. this doesn ' t upset melvin much (" don ' t worry, you ' ll be backwards on your knees in no time ") but when he be bully into taking tutelage of simon ' s dog, his life exist turned topsy - turvey. melvin is sequestered because atomic number 2 ' s afraid of what ' s out in that respect on the other position of his apartment door. he has to make sure information technology ' s ritualistically locked troika multiplication to keep the world on its right position. when he brings the hound home he reluctantly grows fond of it, talking to information technology and taking it all over he goes. this little cracking in his emotional armor opens him up. hiding behind his need for carol to return to act upon so she can do him, he compensate for a specialiser to treat her son. he even germinate a friendly relationship with simon. all three hoi polloi cost heavily damaged. melvin receive retreated from life in his apartment. carol have devoted herself to her son, convinced that she take to give up her life history for him. simon the zealot is estranged from his parent and his friends disappear when he is hospitalized and his money run out. a more improbable tercet to form relationships, you ' d rarely see. and in the midst of it all, thither be some fantastic moments. melvin live hilarious in his grouchiness and touching as he undertake to be courteous. " you do pine tree state want to be a better man, " he severalise her. one of the best aspects embody that still as helium opens up, atomic number 2 is still a curmudgeon. carol, afraid that his monetary contribution to the wellness of her logos hides a hidden agenda boot all over to his apartment in the rain to explain in no unsealed terms that she bequeath ne'er catch some z's with him. it just takes her a second to realize that she is render that statement while looking as if she just leave alone a wet deoxythymidine monophosphate - shirt contest. at that place ' s hardly anything left to say about jack nicholson. i father ' t commemorate ever so seeing him in anything less than a astral execution and his over - the - sharpness melvin is no disappointment. nicholson may be the best actor working today. hunt does a laudable job correspond nicholson ' s energy. she isn ' t afraid to exist seen as something less than a babe and her portraying of exhausted tally - downwardly carol struggling with ostensibly overwhelming certificate of indebtedness is top - notch. their on - screen chemistry cost a bit odd. each do a howling book of job with the fictitious character, but together, in that respect ' s something a trivial off. it ' s a minor problem: they do run well unitedly, just that missing element is what foreclose this from being a iv - star motion picture. director henry james l. brooks (" terms of endearment ", " broadcast news ") has a movie that make up picking upward prize by the bucketsful (nominees for all the top golden orb, achiever from the interior board of review, inevitable oscars) and has a winner on his hands. " every bit in effect as it fuck off " isn ' thymine exactly the caliber that the claim says, but it ' s pretty darn close. ( michael redman has write this newspaper column for over 22 years and every bit soon as he finishes this one, he ' s off to an annual twelve night celebration typically hold in freezing weather during a blizzard. this class information technology ' s in the sixty and raining. that around the bend el nino. ) 