ane of the funniest carry on movies and the tertiary with a aesculapian setting. the main story is about dr. james nookey (jim dale) world health organization be dislike by his superiors, frederick carver, head of the hospital (kenneth williams ), and dr. ernest stoppidge (charles hawtrey) who seems to dislike everyone. they attempt to cause him as much trouble in the hospital as possible and all the rap represent laid on nookey. carver learns of a possible problem opportunity from loaded ellen moore (joan sims) on a distant tropic island and gets nookey trannsferred there. when nookey arrives at this island, he meet gladstone screwer (sid james) who has lived on the island just astir all his lifespan. screwer be in possession of a wonderful slimming drug hit from natural ingredients. dr. nookey returns with the drug to england and sets upwards a unexampled slimming byplay with ellen moore ' s fiscal backing. however, nookey and moore face opposition from screwer world health organization go to england to cash in on the drug, and carver and stoppidge who want to know the ingredient to create a rival drug. the performances be all real commendable. sid james has a slenderly ambiguous graphic symbol to represent this time and he excels in his function. kenneth thomas lanier williams, as usual, plays the unpopular and cunning brain of the hospital. joan sims is harbor as the loaded benefactor and jim dale should truly head the casting with his excellent portraiture of bumbling nookey. charles hawtrey plays an ' out - of - part ' part as dr. stoppidge, the cruddy and evil practitioner who want to tap nookey dispatch his rod. some critics have say that this combination of hawtrey and stoppidge does not work comfortably, but i think that it at least give hawtrey a new part to make for instead of the common half wit characters. as a matter of fact, hawtrey be appropriately cunning in the part. other regulars in the movie include hattie jacques as the matron yet again (simply this division be plausibly her about boring ' matron ') and barbara house of windsor as nookey ' s love interest and unofficial ' women ' s lib ' campaigner, goldie whorl. both jacques and windsor play their parts comfortably. patsy rowlands appears briefly as miss fosdick, and in that location are really small cameos from wilfrid brambell (from ' steptoe and logos ' fame) and peter butterworth. the prank are mostly real funny, the story live quite an likable, and the regulars seem interested in what they ' re doing. although it is another medical carry on movie and some of the jokes comprise borrowed from old picture, it still comes come out on top (it is the best aesculapian carry on) because of the above factors. a mustiness - see carry on moving picture. 