1992 ' s alien3 stigmatise not only the death (by suicide) of its democratic protagonist, ellen ripley (sigourney weaver ), but, in many ways, the noncitizen franchise itself - - box office receipts be anemic, thanks to poor audience word of mouth; and the critics who rallied around the first two installments, 1979 ' s alien and 1986 ' s aliens, savaged david fincher ' s slog of a sendoff (myself included ). hence, weaver finch, director jean - pierre jeunet, and the others behind alien resurrection faced a two - fold challenge - - not only somehow resurrect ripley, simply besides rescue this erst - profitable series from the flake heap. despite the betting odds, they ingest succeeded, even if the entertaining novel instalment does not evaluate upward to the fantabulous first two. author joss whedon devises a quick, leisurely, and painless resolution to the dead ripley problem - - dead ringer her, which is what suspicious military scientists do using some blood depart prat on fiorina 161, the prison planet of the third film. that done, the _real_ challenge present itself - - what make with her. alien introduce ripley as smart and resourceful; aliens simultaneously toughened her up and make her to a greater extent vulnerable, explore her maternal face; alien3 check her undergo the septenary stages of death. what could be next? whedon comes up with a clever spin: since the original ripley expire while impregnated with an alien queen, the blood used for the clone constitute also " infect " with exotic dna. so the new ripley is, so, new - - a human / extraterrestrial hybrid sign with heightened instincts and military strength, a psychic hamper with the deadly specie, and a to a greater extent predaceous posture. unluckily, that is where alien resurrection ' s clever run in writing catch. the exotic series is known for having strong narrative than most creature features. simply the story in christ's resurrection is more of an afterthought. the movie begins with a plot involving some military types attempting to civilise aliens to do their command, only once the creatures break free, information technology is once once again ripley and a ragtag crew (this time a bunch of interstellar smugglers, including tough waif call, played by a game winona ryder) trying to exterminate them. and the alien ripley scenario be in the end not work to its full potential; 1 would have liked cryptical geographic expedition into the quandary of becoming single of the species she has spent her entire life trying to ruin. while the steady down into tried - and - true rule follow a little disconcerting, the rule exist tried - and - true for a reason, and jeunet rig the proceedings with giddy abandon. the alien, after all these years, exist yet terrify, and a new breed that be introduce is no less hence. the violence equal befittingly grisly and extreme, and the natural process set musical composition are suspenseful and exciting, most notably an prolonged underwater sequence. the film is absolutely mesmerise visually, thanks to the solid study act by production designer nigel phelps and cinematographer darius khondji. as technically practiced as jeunet ' s counseling is, perhaps his (and, for that matter, whedon ' s) greatest part is the infusion of humor into this notably downbeat and serious serial. a sense of humor whitethorn seem to go against everything this horror show put up for, only the self - awareness of the surplus just bestow to the fun. no, alien resurrection is non the big moving picture show that ridley scott ' s alien oregon the even greater film that james cameron ' s outlander be. simply after the dauntingly tedious sombreness and doom of fincher ' s alien3, jeunet ' s resurrection is a welcome retort to its roots as a violent, reckless shiver ride. that be what made the alien series so popular in the first place, and that is what will keep the serial publication pop in any next instalment. 