when seventeen year old beau dorm (jonathan benjamin ricketson tucker, " the virgin suicides ") gets in a railcar fortuity after drinking with his xxx twelvemonth old companion, club owner darby reese (josh george lucas, " session 9 " ), his mom, margaret (tilda swinton, " the war zone ") pays reese a visit to convince him to leave her son alone. instead, reese travels extinct to their lake tahoe family and lures beau out to the boat house where swain learns that his female parent was right about reese. the next first light margaret break darby ' s dead dead body on their beach and, suspecting the worst, weight it down in a distant component part of the lake. but her worry are just commence, as she soon learns with the reaching of blackmailer alek spera (goran visnjic, " hardheaded magic ") in " the rich close. " the incredibly picket, scarlet - lead scottish actress swinton immerses herself into the role of the reserved american superintendent - mom whose life revolves around attend to the needs of her three children and unrecorded - in father - in - law jack (peter donat, " the plot " ). she shows great intensity while allowing other emotions to glimmer through - discomfort at challenging reese in his gay disco (advert the deep terminal ), near panic at having to dive down to his body to retrieve car keys, or even wry humor when an attempt to get help from jackstones become hopelessly miscommunicated. bit by bit her loneliness suit ostensible (her husband ' s a naval officer, usually away at ocean) when her attempts to email him her concerns astir beau are cancel and later, when a most unusual, yet chaste, romance turns tragical. it ' s a terrific operation. the stendahl syndrome - alike playscript, adapted from elisabeth sanxay holding ' s 40 ' s noir novel ' the blank wall ' by directors scott mcgehee and david siegel, would be unbelievable if not for swinton and her costar visnjic. alek spera be a wrong side of the track loser who arrives after reese ' s organic structure has been discovered. he shows margaret a videotape of fashion plate having sex with reese and need $ 50, 000 or he ' ll release the taping over to the reno police. subsequent visits will turn his mind set upside down and backwards, though, as he come up to admire and even love the woman atomic number 2 determine forbidden to blackmail. there ' s nevertheless another problem, though - his partner nagle (raymond barry, " numb man walking ") is a harder cored criminal world health organization won ' tonne get upward until his percentage of the money is delivered. visnjic ' s dark, brooding turn has an interior blending to information technology that pull in us believe he ' s a dupe of condition and environment. his turnaround be tangible as helium witnesses margaret ' s inherent decency and her workaday surroundings. likewise outstanding be benjamin ricketson tucker as beau, who has a terrific lineament electric arc and pas de deux with his mother. initially beau ' s the typical sullen adolescent. ' you ' re blowing this extinct of ratio, ' he says of her care about reese, not comprehending that his mom experience plenty insight to have divine the true nature of the human relationship. as his mom gets in deeper and deeper trying to cover up a crime he didn ' t commit, fop becomes suspicious of her action and apparent fresh companion, sprain tables. his other sinister eye becomes her later split back talk. while the two john never be completely honorable with each other, their sexual love for each other comes through powerfully. the conductor (" suture ") have a house handle on their material and stamp. the tale builds utterly with bold stroke amidst a myriad of subtler underpinnings. water supply imagination is constant (an early shot of weirdly rushing green be revealed to be a young boy cleaning stunned an fish tank ). giles nuttgens (" fervency ") motion picture photography, which won the 2001 sundance festival awarding, is crisp and startlingly clear. the tahoe locations and output design by kelly mcgehee and christopher tandon provide a dual personality for the motion picture, counterpoint the calmness, well off existence of the lake against the gambling city of reno. " the deep end " is a complex story of domino deeds and transfer relationship. take the dip. 