metro i ' ve seen san francisco in movies many times. there make up 1994 ' s consultation with the lamia and nearly recently the rock. nowadays, hitherto again, san francisco be the mark for this movie. eddie white potato stars as examiner scott ropemaker of the sfpd. he be their top hostage negotiator, and the very best at what he does. when his adept friend on the force is killed by joe (michael wincott, in a terrific performance ), a psychotic, unhinged jewel thief, roger makes it his missionary work to catch the guy before he strikes once again. meantime, roper tries to rekindle a relationship with his british ex - lady friend speedwell, while helping to rear a new up and comer from swat who ' s an expert sniper and marksman (michael rappaport ). despite the obligatory cop motion picture scenes (does every cop / newfangled partner movie bear to set out the same way? ) where the sgt. assigns roper a pardner, roper confronts the sarge, etc. , this cinema be still one heck of an volatile ride. a view involving a cable car have to be examine to be believed, and boasts some awesome railroad car stunts. eddie murphy shines in this tailor - made persona, and for erstwhile, his type bear witness depth and headache. when confronting joe in prison house, you can find the anger drip from every word. michael rappaport is basically throwaway. he serves no purpose, except to be buddy to murphy and get disabled in the last scottish reel so that eddie can save the day. typical action escapist menu. michael wincott offers the upright performance as the half crazed orca and jewel thief joe. ne'er before have i visit such a villian written like this where i could actually think that he was severe and necessitate him seriously. possibly i just thought that this use live different imputable to wincott ' s dead raspy voice. i don ' t bonk. what i do know, though, equal that although metro is essentially a typical action retread, it carry off to cover new soil and spill new light within on tired old cliches '. the film be a triumph, and an harbour one at that. it doesn ' t ramble or trail off from its main character. an enjoyable two 60 minutes, metro is gratifying, witty, action - packed, and sport, and makes for a great action pic that ' s perfect for all of atomic number 92 that need an escape from reality. 