the jekyll and hyde storey secern from his maid ' s spot of scene follow, in a word, " dark ". you wouldn ' t carry something brilliant and cheery based on henry martyn robert louis stevenson ' s novel, but the film is surprisingly dreary and dismal. jekyll / hyde (john malkovich) be terminally depressed and desperate. mary reilly (julia roberts) be a victim of grievous child abuse and the anti - woman sentiment of the times. director stephen fears ' variant of the british capital slums makes us wonder that anyone survived them. the lighting level be super gloomy throughout the movie: it almost appears to be film in disastrous and white. the focus and cinematography are brilliant and liquid. conniption flow into the next scene like honey oozing turned a strawberry mark. ( except thither ' s no blood red, of trend. ) the look is hence moody and melodramatic that you ' ll live shocked when you leave behind the theater. atomic number 53 go out it at a matinee and took quite a while to aline to the gay skies afterward. often the jekyll and hyde archetypes are viewed as rive a unhurt individual into components of good and malevolent oregon perhaps intellectual and emotional parts. hither the doctor is rational and perhaps good, but sure as shooting powerless. his alter ego is forceful and whole without sense of right and wrong. two parts that make upward a whole. neither are up to of function without the other and once separated, cataclysm is inevitable. the departure between the two characters would make up to a greater extent effective if information technology were accomplished by demeanour and attitude. when we at long last see the transformation, the special effects throw the story into the realm of science fiction, not the psychological repugnance that the fib requirement. roberts and malkovich are skillful in their role. both are suitably melancholy, fit in with the ease of the film. the lonesome flash of living and color comes from john herschel glenn jr. close (and her mouth) as the brothel keeper of a whorehouse where hyde lives, and amazingly, jekyll apparently frequents. life and color maybe, only this is not closelipped ' s best purpose. she seems little more than than a cardboard cutout character. a beautiful film in its ain dreary style. you ' ll value the filmmaking craft, merely don river ' t expect to give in an upbeat mood. 