" unity ' vitamin d rather die today and go to heaven than bouncy to be a hundred and choke to hell, " earnestly exalt the pentecostal sermoniser. with that line coming from a fundamentalist christian minister, hollywood deliver taught us how we should fill in the rest of the story. he will be reverse away to be a scoundrel who suffer less actual belief in deity than the modal american, and all of his preaching will turn verboten to represent a cynical ruse to extort money from his naive congregation. from elmer gauntry on, we have learned what to expect when the motion picture go to church. well, think over again, for the apostelic father, which robert duvall has want to make for over a 10, practice non take the usual weather sheet of smearing the government minister, and by implication all, the rest of organized religion. instead it gives u a highly devout man, world health organization certainly has his foibles, merely with an sheer inscription to his ministry and his divinity. and arguably just as surprising, the good - spirited film is no comedy, still if information technology set have humorous moments. instead of levity the painting takes a touchingly dangerous approach as it introduces us to a earth not ordinarily witness in motion pictures. when in the privacy of his attic, robert duvall, as texas sermoniser euliss " sonny " melville louis kossuth dewey, argues sternly with his noble, the scene shares a affinity with emily watson ' s quality crying out for her god in breaking the wave ' s to the highest degree powerful scene. the body of the report starts with sonny ' atomic number 16 coming upon an horrific auto accident, which is another contribution of biography loosely ignored by forward looking screenwriters. with his well worn christian bible in hand, sonny leaps from his elevator car so that helium posterior go pray over and with the stroke ' s dying victims. the scowling law officer order of magnitude him to go away, and, after he has try to work his miracles, sonny farewell with a smile in the authority that atomic number 2 has do the lord ' s work. robert duvall not only gives a moving and naturalistic performance surely destined to receive an academy award nominating address only is also the film ' s conductor, writer, executive producer, and primary moneyman. seldom has a movie been such a labor of love. with a white cause, tattle - colour shirt and tie, and dark sunglasses, sonny expect as much like a stone adept as a preacher. duvall sustain every movement down dab. still when he is walk down the street, the of all time sashay sonny cannot contain his energy. atomic number 2 dances and claps whole the way. sonny ' s church having more than black member than white substance that he parcel his preach duties with many deep - voiced black orators, but his rhetoric is always competitory. " ace crataegus oxycantha follow on the devil ' s hit - lean, but i ' m on graven image ' s send listing, " he outcry to the congregation in a revival collapsible shelter. and they lap information technology up. the great unwashed stand out upward, scream, " praise the lord! " and intend it. the vividness of their shared religious experience is palpable. but laddie is no saint. it turns come out of the closet that he has a roving centre, which angers his married woman jessie, played in a remarkably controlled public presentation by farrah fawcett. jessie gets her revenge by taking up with the church ' randomness youth minister and connive to attain control over sonny ' s christian church, leaving him unemployed. sonny, rent his temper get the best of him, does something foolish, which causes him to hold to leave township and two beloved tiddler forever. the bulk of the film occurs in a small, predominately black church in louisiana, which he builds upwards from a derelict building with no congregation into a remodeled church (" one fashion route to heaven: sanctitude temple ") with an enthusiastic flock. in this part he rebaptizes himself as the apostle e. f. the apostelic father make up a hard worker willing to postulate on any queer job necessary to obtain the funds for his church. he ask his members to tithe, but he gives all of his money. and his practiced works hold out to secret donations of food for the local poor folks. a man world health organization can ' t stand to be nevertheless, atomic number 2 tells one of his friends, " ane quit shoal because i didn ' t comparable recess. " in his raw townspeople he run across toosie (miranda richardson ), who, like him, receive a home that she hasn ' t seen in a while. his romance with the separated womanhood, similar the rest of the celluloid, doesn ' t follow the measure patterns we have grow to gestate from our movies. billy bob william thornton shows up unity day playing a local racist and oecumenical troublemaker. his confrontation with the apostle is yet another of show ' s many surprising scenes, again breaking many linguistic rule and concept about what advance profoundly spiritual people mightiness accept. although information technology in all probability couldn ' t have end any former agency, the movie does wrap things up nicely. and don ' t miss the angelical epilogue during the film ' southward conclusion credits. a enlistment de force acting performance by duvall and a surprising and unrelentingly consecrate script wee for an owing and moving film. the apostle runs a small besides long at 2: twelve. it is rate pg - 13 for mild profanity and brief violence and would be fine for kids eleven and upwardly. 