when one first heard that kevin costner was making a movie hollo " the mail carrier, " i recall, " an american version of ' illinois postino? ' starring costner? god serve us! " when i ascertain out that it be non a remake of " postino " but an postapocalyptic epic, ane think, " ' landworld? ' please, graven image, crap him stop! " as it turn away, " the postman " be a much better moving picture show than i had expected. despite being go down in 2013, the movie be, at heart, a western: a set of thugs terrorizes peaceable villagers; a wandering hero opposes the brigand and animate others to fight back. the setting, notwithstanding, allows that conversant patch to take on on greater import: american company has collapsed due to plagues and war, and survivor know behind barracades in isolated village. the struggle of a dead society to follow reborn has a wondrous quality and deserve the epic poem scale costner grants it. costner ' s unnamed character, a vagabondage actor, rides in from the vast wasteland and equal shortly shanghaied into the table service of general bayt lahm (will patton ), a previous copy - machine salesman turn bandit king. our hero escapes and divulge the body of a dead postman. train the uniform and purse of mail service, he authorize himself off as a representative of " the restored united states. " he comprise outrage at the hope that he inspire in the people he meets. one immature disciple, ford lincoln hydrargyrum (larenz tate ), devise a wide cut - scurf postal military service. ford disperse the letter carrier ' s content of hope until bethlehem finds that the once - meek villager are beginning to resist his dominion. as war breaks prohibited between bethlehem judah ' s army and the postal workers, costner ' s character steps into the legend he create and endure from self - revolve around loner to leader of the revolution. his lie of the fix united states becomes a self - fulfilling prophecy. " postman " is an odd portmanteau of a dim stage setting and a message of wide - eyed optimism (sort of " sergio leone meets frank capra " ), merely its handling of hope and renewal is compelling. what could have live another knock - off of " the route warrior " (like " waterworld " was) surprises the viewer with a sensitively told narrative of nobility emerging from rubble. allen tate is the stand - knocked out in the movie ' s gravid cast. ford lincoln atomic number 80 (self - named) live the polar opposite of o - dog, tate ' s character in his debut film, " menace ii society " (1993 ), and tate makes ford ' s innocent belief in hope as convincing as o - heel ' s cynicism and brutality. his performance sells the movie. interestingly, as tate moves from his usual street - saucy roles to youthful optimism, the soft - eyed patton, world health organization usually plays dainty guys, proves a disarmament villain. olivia williams make up her film unveiling as the carrier ' s love interest, abby. when they first conform to, abby asks him to sire her shaver because her husband is sterile. predictably, the husband be before long eliminated by the brigand, and abby is thrown backward into the company of the hero. however, their kinship develops tardily as the emotional conflicts of both characters be explored (she, torn by grief, guilt feelings, and ire; he, resisting his destiny ). " the postman " be costner ' s best work thence far. perhaps that unique break us hope for the hereafter. . . 