after a successful test in australia last yr, and with much critical praise heaped upon it, muriel ' s hymeneals opens into culture medium release this weekend in north united states. muriel heslop is a withdrawn, heavy immature woman exist in porpoise spit, australia. she is often the prey of her father ' s frequent rants at the family, and drown out her tone of inadequacy with abba medicine and fantasies of marriage ceremony. her ego - loathing be such that only being wed shall she prove herself to follow a success; marriage will transform her into a new person who be respected and admired. after her four cliquey ally underprice her, muriel plot of ground to follow them to a resort where they be celebrating the honeymoon of one of the girls, and muriel ' s wedding unfolds from there. toni collette plays muriel in a fetching functioning, conveying both the sadness of her case and her desperate readiness to constitute accepted. collette gained a frighten 43 pounds in order to roleplay the chubby title character. she has a natural covert front and exudes charisma, easily win the audience all over with an honest, abominable performance. collette basically carries the film, appearing in well nigh every setting. muriel ' s don, bill " the battler " heslop, follow portrayed by circular hunting watch as a slick political leader / developer. while chumming around with young lover and crowing ' you rear ' t pulsation advance ' (his slogan ), bill labels his family as worthless and embarrassments. rachel griffiths plays rhonda, world health organization becomes muriel ' s cheeky new friend in the film. she get upright chemistry with collette, and the film suffers when griffiths is off - cover. muriel ' s tormenters, played by pippa grandison, rosalind hammond, belinda jarrett and sophie lee, are two - dimensional impersonation, all saucy, vain and bumblingly spiteful, though that is likely due to hogan ' s scripting muriel ' s wedding party is basically a genre teen comedy with more word and a lot of charm. hogan ' s enjoyment of abba melodic phrase (which virtually comprise the entire soundtrack) is interestingly appropriate, although its repetitiousness tires after awhile. hogan ' s script is right on the home run in terms of proportionally conflate funniness with muriel ' s earnest quest for acceptance, and the gorgeous scene with muriel window - shopping beautifully illustrates the wonder that wedding feature for her. the glaring pastel colours wear by the performer is an interesting touch. muriel ' s wedding features a fine operation by toni collette and a charming, if a moment too straightforward and established story by phosphorus. watt second. ben hogan. on my iv star scale, ane give muriel ' s wedding three stars. 