an entertaining deuce hours awaits the audience in this film set in the early lxxx ' atomic number 16. sevigny and beckinsale playing period disco chicks alice and charlotte, world health organization are on the scout for love. alice is mousy, shy, intellectual, charlotte be bitchy, verboten - going and playfulness. we join their adventures as they hold out done a variety of dangerous undertaking, and men, all to the background of the local disco. whit stillman has both save and directed an interesting and believable story. alice and charlotte be both well written characters, and the actresses world health organization play them aren ' t forged aswell. sevigny delivers an good carrying into action, and fix the audience feel for her character. beckinsale plays extreme bitch personified, yet her type ne'er becomes completely unlikeable. the huge supporting cast besides diddle a part in making sure this moving picture comprise thoroughly entertaining. the dialogue is abrupt and easily spell, with many funny set pieces. for example, there ' due south a big discussion astir lady & the tramp by the main fiber. the disco tunes playing in the background also shit sure that this true long film be good playfulness. the direction make up good, bringing proscribed the play and clowning in the scenes. but their are slight flaw with the picture show. firstly, although information technology is purportedly set in the 80 ' s, the characters are very, real xc ' s. the fashion they dress and roleplay have a very 90 ' s feel to them. although the manly coiffure await somewhat 80 ' s, frankly the fourscore ' s atmosphere just wasn ' t conveyed, which is a pity. besides, as mentioned above, the film is too long, and some part do stave. the charm of the characters behave help these moment, but generally the editing could of be a spot tighter. the plot of ground also side - tracks into a silly cocaine dealing bust, which seemed knocked out of place in this picture. finally, their be near too many part in the movie, and despite the running metre, the film never really spends enough clock time on them. some of the characters make up very slight, which is a ignominy. the conclusion, while funny, be also surprisingly watery, and certainly not substantial enough. but despite these qualm, the last days of disco music be a funny, fond movie, which is certainly deserving see, and is a fitting court to the disco era of the 80 ' s. worth a feel. overall rating = review by david wilcock? 1998 " you know, for tyke " - norville barnes 