along his carreer, mel gibson has gather several successes, not entirely from an economic point of view only besides from an artistic point of scene. for all that, i think no i could guess the skills and abilities nowadays disclosed in braveheart. the australian role player decide to acquire and direct a motion picture about sir william wallace, a popular scotch hero of the 13th century, where he would also perform the principal function. accepting so huge challenge, mel gibson run the peril of stain all his work of years, with a suppoosed failure, just to ensure pick out, by everyone, all his potentialities and, that way, to consolidate his position in hollywood. information technology personify, decidedly, an enormous risk but i ' m sure mel knew exactly good what he be going to brass. braveheart is, in fact, a magnificent and high and mighty movie. for three hours we are completely engulf by the narrative ' s rhyitm which never gives office to a single mo of monotony operating theater uninterest. the william alfred russel wallace ' s story is the story of so many others brave indecorum ' s shielder world health organization oppose and gave the life for that essential note value, along the centuries. seeing himself and his mass victims of injustices and violent repression, william wallace dares to face the herculean edward i, magnate of england, in a war by the autonomy of scotland. as the victories follow the number of belligerent with sir william wallace depart growing up. his courage and inteligence be look up to by everyone, including the princess isabelle of wales, married woman of edward ' s son. all the same, william wallace was also surrounded by foeman and some of them were closer than he thought. braveheart english hawthorn not follow an historically corrected movie but the nature of its substance shit us think astir the grandness that we give to liberty, nowadays. mel gibson directs with a lot of splendor a splendid cast. patrick mcgoohan feature a very nice operation as edward i, the magnate longshank. the view when he waits for the death and loses his voice is really honorable. sophie marcel marceau, as princess isabelle, has along the movie no more than fifteen minutes of performance just mel gibson gave to those second such a very special treatment that princess isabelle soon becomes one of the major characters in braveheart. iodin besides liked the public presentation of angus macfadyen, as robert the bruce, and, of course, mel gibson, as william wallace. nonetheless, i guess this time the mel gibson ' s work as director exist much sound than his work as actor. the splendid music composed by james horner is another thing that help braveheart to be the success that it truly be. when we connect that music to the beautiful scotch landscapes, opinion by the camera of whoremaster toll, then we pull in all the beauty of this film. braveheart is, in my opinion, one of the best movies of 1995! i ' ve hear some masses say that mel gibson is gonna be a new david lean. for at once, let ' s see if braveheart equalizes the vi oscars of t. e. lawrence of arabia. it come through ' t be comfortable! information technology ' s gonna be one more challenge for mel gibson. 