i ' ve constantly been told that in that location are ii things in life that are ineluctable - death and taxes. oddly, i ' ve never give way lots remember to either of the two. maybe if i make, at least i ' 500 stop consonant getting collection notices from uncle sam. yes, let pine tree state make a resolve to devote myself to better record keeping, hold on to all my gross, and to do what information technology takes to give birth the satisfaction that my returns are mistake - free and volition keep me from incurring penalties. it seems that the issue of destruction crataegus laevigata not comprise so different, at least envision here in this picture. as this cutter love story go, if you do sound things and have a open conscience when you die, you ascend to a office of enceinte peace and beauty. the dreams, wishes, and fantasies that you take when you were alive come truthful. for those world health organization die with a burdened individual, however, they thread up in that other post. chris and annie (a winsome robin williams and a beaming annabella sciorra) look like the perfect couple that deserve all that paradise suffer to offer. their love for each other is strong and their bond is undeniable. but tragic events eventually tear aside the fabric of annie ' s felicity. and when chris dies after a terrible car accident, she commits suicide - a anguished individual world health organization blames herself. despair be perhaps the greatest hell, and she testament wallow in her guilt throughout eternity. chris, on the other hand, has stool it to heaven, and upon learning of annie ' s luck, atomic number 2 journey to hell to find out her and to try to free her from her nightmare. this film brims with imagination, containing a lavish imagery that shew the arcadia that personify heaven and the bitterness and frightfulness that is snake pit. information technology seems that heaven and perdition could very well be a product of our phantasy or nightmares. information technology ' s frame and look be as infinite as our imagination. as chris explores his raw wondrous world and discovers things both amazing and grand, he likewise begins to learn more than about himself. certain questions amaze him at first. wherefore does his home in heaven ooze with rouge? what is the significance of the asiatic stewardess? wherefore does he get an all - as well - unforced usher (cuba gooding, jr.) to help him discover annie? merely as he slowly start to realize the answer, it make him stronger and gives him a enceinte prospect to save annie. " aspiration " be both visually and tellingly beautiful. alas, i deliver peerless regret. the movie did advantageously to gather more and to a greater extent emotional speed, but the denouement embody inquisitively dissatisfactory. it seemed as if information technology be racing to some kind of great finish, but its intensity seem to decline in its last moment. however, your eyes will still well upwards with tears and you ' ll find mess to enjoy. the storytelling be purposeful and comfortably constructed. the journey follow imaginative. and iodine was surprised by how much i savour this film. 