the small - scale of measurement film, in limited release, " stir up ned devine " be a pleasant excursion to a time and position which permit the audience to soak up the total texture of a small town. fulfill with breathtaking scene, ' character ', and delightful medicine, the moving picture show would be interesting even without a plot. the story contains several surprises which are unspoiled leftfield unmentioned in a review. the film starts prohibited with a sharp curtain raising, which impart united states a taste of what equal to follow: country folk with an dip for a bit of larceny. what set out things go is the fact that a winner of the lottery be apparently one of the resident in the small town (popular 52) of tullymore. world health organization that person is, and how to plowshare in the unspoilt fate is the mission of two longtime friends jackie (ian bannen) and michael (david kelly ). region detectives, part rogue, they birth to stay alert to the changing circumstances they confront as the story unfolds. the small town consists of several amuse characters. a clueless pig farmer, irregular priest, and a enchantress. in that respect ' s likewise the lotto military man world health organization moldiness be satisfied that everything is on the up - and - up. there be no hollywood touches to this motion picture show - except for the outer space introduction [! ]. pacing be right. towards the destruction, it go a spot out of steam, merely that ' s okay because for most of the ninety minutes we ' ve been interested in the goings on. a concoction of laughs and (occasional) sentiment - whole the right emotion are engaged. in one and only brief pipe dream sequence - you ' ll know information technology when you get a line information technology - a fantastic combination of color and music transports the character to a place you truly trust exists. one of the key moments in the moving picture. the euphony, useable on cd (london 289 460 939 - deuce) follows the like bow as the movie and is substantially worth study. a o.k. film that ' sulfur for everybody except action fans. somewhat comparable ' the englishman world health organization went upward a hill and come up downwardly a mint, '. .. but livelier. 