in arguably the most hoped for movie this century, george lucas have achieved a real miscellaneous reaction to a sure smash hit. despite the fact the script and secret plan be a bit of a army of the pure down, the full motion picture on the whole can be considered a milepost in technical excellence, in the sound and special effects section. in terms of characters, by far the most outstanding and interesting exist queen amidala (natalie portman ), whose mature performance far exceeds her ship's boat xiv years of eld. she is one? hot ' babe world health organization defines dependable? fair sex leadership '. she non only has a presence, but knows how to take statement of the site and save her planet from ruin. no thanks to the jedi knight world health organization although led by the force out, lack leadership qualities in terms of intend up a plan to do anything. the young obi - wan kenobi (ewan mcgregor) world health organization has a speculative hair clarence day in every scene, have to kill a uncollectible guy in the end, but lack a love interestingness to make believe him a desirable sort of hero. in fact all the jedi knight exist a flake nonsexual - there must be something about the force which make them all anchorite and loners. i mean information technology would embody interesting to see yoda ' s girlfriend for a change, if atomic number 2 has one. not much substantially be qui - gon jinni (liam neeson) who largely broods, and has a safe hair do than obi - wide area network, but only to find out the young anakin skywalker and make the biggest mistake of his living. also fascinating is george iv george lucas? metoclorian ' theory, which claims that micro - organisms hold out within our cellular telephone and tie uracil to the material of the universe. and information technology is the high concentration of these organism in an individual which make them particularly powerful in the force. more humerous be the title to the immaculate conception of darth vader, no doubt a concept stolen from the christian religious belief, except there testament be no christmas to celebrate the parturition of this dark emissary of the forcefulness. overall an experience which is not to be missed because of the very fact that it ' s predecessor about control a screening of this inferior successor. by all means not the pinnacle of the star war phenomena only an adequate summation to the kindred. vigil verboten for the next 1, information technology should be unmatched turned on encounter between queen amidala and anakin skywalker - who i trust should be portrayed by? leonardo di caprio. 