" the tailor of panama " is a unlike kind of spy movie. despite the presence of pierce brosnan, there constitute nary a confidential information of james shackle flash here. or else of big action scenes, leer topnotch villains and empty - channelize femme fatales, we get interesting characters and an intriguing situation. based on the novel by john lupus erythematosus carr? , world health organization also co - write the screenplay, the film extend viewers something rarely date in dramatic art this meter of twelvemonth: a solid, well - evidence story. brosnan plays andy osnard, a british operative walking on thin ice. his british superiors ship him off to panama, hold sure he understand that he had well non screw upward the placement. osnard arrives in the tropics virtually seep contempt for his new co - worker and his new home nucleotide. when shown the bridge of the america by a soul marvel over the fact that, since the existence of the panama canal, the social organisation follow the sole connexion between north and south usa, atomic number 2 barely keeps from yawning. brosnan intelligibly relishes the chance to be the antithesis of 007, invest the suave spy with a distinct reptilian quality coupled with an air of phlegm that irk his fellows to no ending. searching for a way to get data on the government, osnard sets his sights on harry pendel (geoffrey benjamin rush ), an unctuous seamster serving the panamanian elite. harry claims to be a transplant from britain ' s renowned saville row, simply osnard knows his secret: the seamster is an ex - con who served five class in prison house after torching his uncle ' siemens shop in an insurance scam. atomic number 2 also knows that harry live up to his ears in debt, having spent a fortune on an unsuccessful farm. osnard offering harry a way stunned. helium testament pay off for information harry has gathered from his upscale clientele. eagre to comply, harry offer what he knows, then embark on hatch titbit to keep the money flowing. before long, he is squeeze to stag on his make love wife, louisa (jamie lee curtis ), an auxiliary to the canal director. harry ' s small lie build, finally taking on a sprightliness of their own. osnard turns in report card astir the " silent enemy, " a radical menace to disturb the correspondence of control over the canal. the bogus revelation prove explosive, leading to meetings in booker t. washington d. vitamin c. terminated how to best protect the lively waterway. in the meantime, osnard wallows in his newfound status, enjoying the best the city suffer to extend and solicit an attractive carbon monoxide - worker. and harry grows always more antsy, fear the consequences if his client, not to remark his wife, learn about his trygve lie. geoffrey rush be wonderful as harry, truckle over his customers by day and savoring his productive household life in the evenings, all while wreak secret agentive role in the off hr with his young benefactor. rush stimulate harry a believable form, present the various levels of the fictional character so effectively that he remains large hearted despite his duplicity. after gaining fame playing bombastic than biography characters, rush flips everything about for this role, using his energy to depict the quiet despair of a man slowly realizing that the solution to his worry may be worse than the original problems. although she suffer far also little screen time, jamie lee curtis imbues louisa with a depth swell than the screenplay offer her. of the central characters, she is the lone i that exhibits maturity and genuine self - trust. curtis make up one of my favorite distaff actors; whiplash smart, sultry and charismatic, she deserves more than fend for roles. speaking of supporting characters, in that location are some keen ones hither. harold harold pinter be divert as harry ' s uncle benny, who pops up throughout the story in a number of originative means. also shoring up the proceeding is jon polito as a corrupt banker and bob dylan bread maker, world health organization is a bacchanal as a joined states universal straight out of the dr. strangelove shoal of armed patriotism. but the well nigh authoritative secondary performer be leonor varela and brendan gleeson, both outstanding as two wounded activists. their presence adds weightiness to the chronicle, reminding us that beyond the lampoon of the lead men, in that respect are real people that accept suffered greatly over the political sympathies connected to the canal. director john boorman tot additional verisimilitude by shooting the motion picture show on positioning. rather of habituate panama city merely as a colorful backdrop, he adroitly weaves in footage of all aspects of liveliness there. the metropolis, described by one part as " casablanca without submarine sandwich " pulsates with life, underling the folly of the two foreigners playing severe games that could experience a disastrous impact on a corking many people. " the seamster of panama " bring home the bacon because the principals behind it were bright enough to draw it more than a uncomplicated entertainment. 