in this near natured, pleasent and easy going comedy, flier murray (ghostbusters, 1984) plays fussy weather forecaster phil conners, who, every year, is sent to punxsutawney, p. a, to report on groundhog day. the groundhog 24 hour interval ceremony require a woodchuck be lifted out of a loge, and if he dosen ' t watch a shadow, it will cost an other spring. phil really hate the ceremony, and non even his producer rita (macdowell) can exchange his creative thinker. however, fate have a cruel trick for phil, and he starts re - bread and butter groundhog day over, and ended, and over, until he bit by bit like information technology, and rita falls in honey with him. groundhog day is a well written, totatly unoffensive and rummy funniness. the screenwriters, managing director ramis and danny rubin, throw written a funny, warm, but never excessively senitmental funniness. although the mind of a day repeating over and over may fathom tedious, there constitute enough good antic to hold the consultation aid throughout the whole film. ramis ' s direction also facilitate, and although he dosen ' t try on any flash theater director joke, the cinema is directed substantially plenty, and the jokes are set up well. and the editing be besides good, especially when information technology shows one region of the twenty four hours over, and over once again, such as when phil attempt to have the perfect night with rita. the performances are too excellent. bill murray is expectant playfulness, and his transistion from cynical to happy is still, and delivers his line in his usual smary style. andie edward macdowell is effective as rita, although sometimes she is just a piddling second too sweet scented in some parts of the film. there is chemistry between the 2 leads, thankfully, other than the whole picture would belike fall part. chris elliot, as the camera operator larry, is also amusing, although you have to like his goofy style, other than you are very run to hate him throughout this film, and it will lower your delectation of the film overall. the defend plaster cast aren ' t bad either, with stephen tobolowsky hillarous as phils old schooltime better half ned ryanson, and still director ramis popping up as a neurologist. in fact, there is not nonpareil dud performance in this cinema, and still the marmota monax gets a risible scene involving a car pursual. overall, there is really nil wrong with groundhog twenty four hours at all. it near seems perfect. all the same, the film can get a morsel drippy sometimes, and some people may begin nark by the day repeating concluded, and ended, and complete, and over. also, thither ' s not a great deal of an music score, and the music there follow live moderately bad. but these criticisms scarcely affect the consultation enjoyment at all. overall, and then, groundhog day is a funny, smart, and also have some elbow room in there for some heart. an splendid comedy. overall rating = ( 