primitively set in motion in 1978, this pop film was re - introduced in 1998 to a whole new contemporaries of motion picture fan. based on the mighty successful melodious from great white way, grease was followed in 1980 with the less star soil 2 (6. 5 / 10 ), starring a new michelle pheiffer in one and only of her first feature film roles. patch: high - schoolhouse musical set in the 1950 ' reciprocal ohm showcasing the kinship between the cool danny zuko of the thyroxin - birds (travolta) and the innocent and pure sandy olsen (newton - john) from commonwealth of australia. the film follow the brace and their vivacious acquaintance during their last year at rydell high through with song, dancing and humour. critique: fun - loving, energetic and clean handed smell back at time much simpler. this picture efficaciously juggles a fragile romantic tale logical argument and the overall experience of the 1950 ' due south, with a superb soundtrack and some great dance number. confessedly, i am somewhat biased in this opinion, since this film savage me into my past as a rebellious youth (grease was one of schmoe ' sulphur first self aggrandizing - screen experiences, and every other scene sends me reeling into the times of my detailed grease bubble - gum bill of fare collection ), and the less responsibilities that i possess at that fourth dimension. but apart from the nostalgic vibration, i was yet passing impressed by this film, as it extend to divert me, despite my old dozen or so wake. this pic took john travolta from a dim - witted " sweathog " on tv ' s welcome back kotter, and transformed him into a motion picture - virtuoso of spectacular proportions (saturday night feverishness (7. 5 / 10) in 1979 confirm that sudden popularity ). alas for the rest of the cast, his popularity be not terribly contagious, despite their effective exhibit in this classic movie. on the down side, some of the absolute innocence in this film might bore operating theatre twist people off (like when sandy sings about " drinking lemonade " and " staying out until 10 " with danny in " summer nights " ), and the patch international relations and security network ' liothyronine exactly the most elaborate tarradiddle - dividing line e'er created, but despite these small reservations, this movie carries enough great music and high energy to keep anyone amused through its rapid 110 minute running time (and believe maine. .. i am non a lover of the musicals! ! ). make indisputable to look for a young lorenzo genus lama in the static role of the brainless football player, equally advantageously as the national bandstand terpsichore competition as 1 of the film ' s absolute highlight. and don ' t forget to buy the popular soundtrack afterwards, so that you could listen to information technology zippy tunes whenever you ' re feeling a little blueness. small known facts: henry winkler, of telecasting ' s happy days ' fonzie fame, turned push down the part of danny zuko because he did not need to embody typecast for the rest of his career. both travolta and conaway represent smitten by newton - john during the filming of this characterization. conaway finally bowed out of the woo - fest, and wed newton - john ' s sister a year later (disassociate after phoebe year ). 