tbwp is probably the single nigh profitable film ever. non surprising, considering its tiny us $ 100, 000 budget, to day of the month it induce earned in inordinateness of us $ 130 gazillion. that ' s a shocking 100 time profit! rumours feature it that a smart internet ` selling ' gambit was and so successful in gaining cult - similar fanatics, by word of god of mouth coupled with strings of excellent reviews, the movie just exploded in the box - office, raking in millions on its opening weekend. shot in 16mm and video (ane surmise . ), the film chronicles the forays of 3 scholarly person who run in hunt for the fabled blair witch. audiences are put in the first - person position in the entire mis - dangerous undertaking, a great deal wobbly and blurry at times, information technology necessitate a bit of fix used to in the origin. this is presuppose to cost the material they discovered in the forest where the 3 disappeared; edited and put onto the cover for the welfare of our audiences. tbwp is simply smart. filmed to depend as if information technology be really a stock - shoot by a caboodle of pupil in search of the blair beldam as a school project, one may suspect (like yours truly) that its merely a lazy but smart approach to picture - fashioning. just amazing in that esteem, i must articulate. talk about shock, oh yes, tbwp do get quite an a bit, in fact most audience volition find information technology deep disturbing. ace do, specially the last flake but i ' m not revealing more. you have to see information technology for yourself. i can ' t help but feel a shade jockey after knowing how commercially successful this film suffer go. could it personify that finally, an indie - moving picture has unwittingly find a formula for commercial grade appeal? operating theatre was it all only a ploy by the big players right from the rootage? considerably, i gauge the fact stays; tbwp be extremely original, clever and will well nigh decidedly go away most with something dreadful to talk and think about for weeks prior to watching this film. no gore, no special effects, i just give notice ' t get over how terribly ache this motion picture show comprise! 