back in 1998 dreamworks unveiled their first computing machine animate movie " antz ". the film was critically applaud, and went on to rank almost $ 100m one dollar bill at the domestic box business office. once more in 1998 they released their traditional animated film " the prince of egypt " and information technology list an instant classic, and became a huge striking as considerably. on a winning run, they release " the route to el dorado " and it wasn ' t as big as they hope, merely still did ok, then they had the fantastic " chicken run " in the summer. instantly in 2001 dreamworks has release what i can safely name, one of the top v good animated films. shrek (mike myers) embody astir a loving, immature fiend world health organization lives in the woods of duloc by himself. surrounded by fairy tale characters, he hop someway he would hightail it from everyone. the swayer of duloc is the short, hardhearted godhead farquaad (john lithgow ), world health organization is offering a reward to wholly the fairy tale creatures, if they make up captured and arrested. of course many of the owner sour them in for gold and silver, only i of those creatures is donkey (eddie potato ). a regular donkey, except he talks and consume a definite attitude, after his owner effort to disown him, atomic number 2 escapes into the woodwind instrument, and run into shrek. creator farquaad however, has different plans and make totally the fairy story creatures in the woods near shrek ' s house. to get his property rearward, and his life back shrek moldiness deliver princess fiona (cameron dias) so lord farquaad stool be a b. b. king. shrek wants his dimension back, but he ne'er thought he would fall in love with princess fiona. " shrek " is such an awful film, that while watching it you can ' t help simply only smile the intact time and marvel why that early production company can ' t make movies like this. the animated graphics are and so corking, that they count every bit of realistic. one see to it previews for this picture show all final year, and i thought to myself wow, what a keen movie this volition represent. i must say unity was not disappoint at all, and the movie is the best of 2001 thus far, and will go down on my best of 2001 inclination at the conclusion of the year. the vocalisation endowment are brilliant as good, with the comic genius mike myers. in the past helium has be a wayne, an austin, and a person tie to an ax murderer. straight off he represent shrek, not only does he arrange the interpreter talent. .. simply he follow shrek. with his irish accent, and he loveable personality, shrek becomes a friend to the audience and warms your tenderness. eddie tater who showed his interpreter talent in 1998s " mulan " make another slam up job here, and he cost the comic relief in the film. the tones of his voice, the dividing line helium utters, and the put on helium gives, he even best the funny genius of robin williams in " aladdin ". the always beautiful cameron diaz gives the voice of princess fiona and she make out a great line as comfortably. she is really funny, and her character fit her to a tonne. of course the best supporting vox is john lithgow, who be in person one of my favorite actors. he as the bad guy maker farquaad does a great line of work in be both sinister and funny at the same time. at times i was so amazed by the computer graphics, that you can ' t help just simply start front at background. there be many hidden jokes in the film, and yet reflection of brightness on the screen similar a camera. " shrek " is a definite nestling motion picture, but not just a kyd moving picture show for information technology is a cinema for the full family to enjoy. there be many adult jokes in the motion picture show that the kids won ' triiodothyronine get, just the parent will be express joy. believe me though, everyone will cost laughing the intact means through. in the end, " shrek " gives a real important content to information technology ' s audience to savour and be world health organization you are. everybody out at that place is beautiful in their ain way, even though information technology whitethorn be inside. there ' s not many words that throne praise " shrek " plenty, simply my son to you live to stop what you are do and consider this pic now. 