when atomic number 53 pull up stakes the theater after seeing david lynch ' s " lost highway, " i remarked to a fellow picture show - goer, " i feel like person just sucked my brains tabu through my nose and put them back in through my ear. " in his first feature article flick in five years, lynch delivers a film second only if to his debut picture " eraserhead " on the outlandishness shell. you bring home the bacon ' t " know " what happened when it ' s over, though there exist for sure plenty clue with which to make some reasonable guesses. it is unmanageable to report the plot of this film, because information technology depends part on how you interpret it. i buttocks, however, describe what we see on the screen: cubic decimeter. a. jazz saxophonist fred madison (flyer pullman) and his married woman renee (patricia arquette ), whom he clearly suspects of unfaithfulness, pick up a series of videotapes apparently shoot inner their sign of the zodiac while they were asleep. they are, naturally enough, more than a small frightened and confused, and it doesn ' t assistance matters any when " secret man " (robert blake) approaches fred at a party and proceeds to call up himself on the telephone at the madison ' house in a scene that is at once hilarious and unnerving. the next good morning, fred finds another videotape which, to his (and our) surprise, shows him brutally murdering renee in their sleeping accommodation. he is convicted of her murder and sent to dying dustup, where he inexplicably disappears one night and be replaced by a untested car mechanic named pete dayton (balthazar getty ). the perplexed prison house official release dayton, whose life start out to cross with fred in a number of ways - most notably his affair with alice wakefield (arquette again ), a blonde who is otherwise renee ' s spitting figure, and another skirmish with the mystery man. atomic number 53 would be giving away a little too much to reveal any more, but answer it to say that lynch doesn ' t extend any neat wrap? ups, nor does he put a lid on the metaphysical confusion: the cinematic demons of " drop off highway " are out in full force from beginning to end. this verbal description might reach " lost highway " sound like a giddy exercise in haywire surrealism, merely in fact, while there are traces of lynch ' s weird sense of humor, this moving picture show make up anything simply giddy most of the time. on the contrary, lost highway is a dark and perplexing enigma that takes lynch ' s previous excursions into execution and scheme one step far. the film does non revolve around a character investigating a whodunit; instead, the part * live * the enigma. there are recurring and at times deeply disturbing images of suspicion, distrustfulness, and infidelity thoughout the film that seem to indicate a deluded, fractured psyche at the root of totally the flaky departure - on here. we, the audience, be lead to puzzle extinct whose psyche it is that is driving this (probably fred ' s, in my opinion) and what, in that case, the former characters and events are meant to represent. all of this proceeds, appropriately, in lynch ' s typically slow - step, idiosyncratic panache. as be ofttimes the case, lynch relies on sound, imaging, and mood more than on dialogue and action to tell his story, and in " lost highway " it work perfectly. there are scenes when the tv camera lingers on fred ' s blank expression as he drifts uncomfortably down a hallway, or on his pained aspect in his prison cell while the haunting strains of this mortal coil ' s " song to the siren " stool be heard faintly in the background; nothing is technically " happening " in these scenes, yet they award a vivid motion picture of a piece losing his grip just as effective as, if not more so than, the hysterical shriek found in most movie presentations of insanity. lynch ' s counseling and director of photography pete deming ' s darkly lit cinematography serve to create a intimately choke atmosphere of tension and fear that are exactly what be needed for this story. well, most of the time, anyway - i make to admit that i was a number bored at fourth dimension during the section of the picture with pete dayton as the protgaonist, which is less inherently interesting and mostly keeps the viewer ' s aid because of information technology tie - ins to the original mystery. the main characters in this " reality " - dayton (a well - meaning but none too intelligent 24 - year - old ), a punk gangster (who for some reason has two names just otherwise is pretty much a stock persona ), and his porn - star girlfriend (the blond arquette) - live nothing you couldn ' t find in any of the two dozen " pulp fiction " wannabes; fortunately, the reappearance of the mystery man equally well as some other typically lynchian elements, such as the strained, awkward conversations between pete and his parents, service to preserve the film ' s spooky, unnerving tone during this stretch. lynch ' s typically lifelike and disturbing portrayals of outskirt sex, while relevant to the themes of jealousy and adultery, are also somewhat overdone here. it ' s not exactly exploitative - like almost everything else in this film, the sex activity is thoroughly weird and creepy and be unconvincing to provide any cheap lurid thrills - as much as information technology is unnecessary and frankly sort of dumb by the seventh or 8th time arquette takes her clothes off. that said, these underage flaws don ' t prevent " lose highway " from attaining its lieu as one of the darkest, nigh unsettling motion picture to off the cover in recent years. it is a one - manner hinge on downward the bemused highway of a disturbed mind, and as such information technology be gripping, vivid, and brilliantly effective. 