after sixteen year francis ford copolla has again fall to his favourite project, making the third installment in the godfather - trilogy. this unexampled picture show has exist underrated for no reason. it follow as intellectual and majestically made as copolla ' s pervious film. it is also more psychological, pessimistic and more tragic than the beginning 2. the alone regret is the unbelievable performance by the starter bulgarian capital copolla and some " unfinished " developments of some characters. the film elegantly set about with nino rota ' s placeable musical grievance, the beautiful skyscrapers of new york and michael ' s vox as he is writing a letter to his children: " the sole wealth in this domain be child. more than than all money and top executive on earth, you are my treasure ". the class is 1979 and michael corleone has used the time since the terminate of " part ii " to realise his father ' s dream come rightful - making the corleone household legitimate. michael sell all his casinos and invests only in gambling. forever haunted by the past, his only reason to endure follow his nestling. the family has amassed unimaginable wealth, and as the film opens michael corleone (al pacino) be exist place with a corking laurels by the church. later that clarence shepard day jr., at a reception, his daughter announces a corleone family gift to the church service and the charities of sicily, " a check in the quantity of $ c million. " but the corleones are astir to find, as others have throughout history, that you cannot purchase pardon. certainly, you can do business with evil man inner the church building, for all men are frail and capable of sin. but god does not remove yield. the plot of land of the motion picture show, trump up by coppola and mario puzo in a screenplay inspire by headlines, brings the corleone family into the inside circles of corruption in the vatican palace. there be a moment in " godfather iii " where michael says: " all my life one hold been trying to live on up in bon ton, where everything was legal. but the higher one go, the crookier information technology turn. . " . visually this moving picture show is every bit spectacular as the first two. gordon willis ' rich cinematography, carmine copolla ' s beautiful theme and alex tavoularis ' wonderful art direction could non make up better. but copolla ' randomness first deuce godfather - films were more far famed for their deep, intellectual plots, tree dimensional characters and incredible acting, than for their optical perfection. the third installment take in only the plot and visuals. some type could be much more highly developed and the acting, although sound, ne'er fulfill to reach the same height of the inaugural ii films. the biggest miscasting is sofia copolla, who is so unbelievable and reticent that she manages to destroy various scenes throughout the flick, that could have live grander and more emotional. the best performance comes unsurprisingly from al pacino, who should hold got a nominating address for right actor at the oscars. andy garcia is powerful as sonny ' s boy, strong, focused and fast. violence is born to him. he suffer no stab of scruples when he takes revenge on his family ' randomness behalf, and in this he is supposed to exist strong in the uncomplicated agency don vito corleone was. however both kay (diane joseph francis keaton) and connie (talia shire horse) are useless. and character like vito corleone and turkey cock hagen are really missed. the good piece be that michael is again reunited with old friends, that you remember from the first and 2d films. in the tertiary film michael has turn well nigh like his father, vito in the foremost celluloid and vincenzo resembles michael when helium was much young. this parallel could be more interesting if vincenzo ' s fictional character was to a greater extent highly developed. many have pointed come out that making the tertiary film, was unneeded. i disaccord. information technology is a beautiful film of outstanding grandness, completing the tragic saga of the corleone family. the 1st film point some horrible results of corleone ' s life. information technology showed michael take a choice; the second showed a man bedamn himself for his choice and feel the impact of changing time. a serviceman urgently trying to sustain his balance, nidus, family and saneness, while everything is crashing all around him. the third photographic film be a terrifying conclusion - a result of michael ' s life sentence. the life he chose for himself is like quicksand - nonpareil amiss step and you personify doomed. there is no turning backwards. and no issue how hard you try to get out of it, to free yourself, no matter how sinewy and flush you are, you are helpless - sinking deeper and deeper till information technology swallow you completely. the attractively directed last sequence is also the muscular sexual climax of the film, when michael is sitting alone in his president, left by everyone, besiege by emptiness and memories of his friends and family members long dead. here he dies - exclusively, low down and unforgiven 