allen, wizard of many a brian depalma picture show in the other eighties, has a brief, throwaway part towards the end of " out of visual modality, " as the maid of a crooked moneyman. in keep with her past performances, allen wear little more than than a immature velvet victoria ' s secret ensemble which pray the question, did they really call for a costume designer for this? " proscribed of sight " is not potential to secure ms. allen the sort of plaudits bestowed upon pam grier, who likewise returned from verboten of obscureness to appear in another recent elmore leonard adaptation, " jackie brown university, " but it is connive to see her name kicking off the " also starring " credits given her limited screen time. the real stars of " verboten of sight " are george clooney (" batman & robin " by way of " e. roentgen. ") and jennifer lopez (" selena " ), whose winning interpersonal chemistry, match with steven soderbergh ' s freeze - frame directorial technique, help the film retain the charismatic charm of leonard ' s original oeuvre. with the success of " have shorty " three old age ago, film maker have realized that adapting an elmore leonard novel can make up an soft proposition than examine to woolgather improving a plot line from scratch. in " prohibited of sight, " clooney superstar as jack foley, a career criminal who specializes in unarmed robbery - - he just waltzes into banks and politely makes a withdrawal, arrogate that his " partner " (but another customer it so happens) will spud the handler if the teller doesn ' t comply. for all of jack ' s squeamish - guy appeal though, he ' s not really lucky. his latest cozenage lands him in florida ' s glades correctional facility. union marshal karenic sisco (lopez) coincidently come at the prison just as jackstones and his buddy (ving rhames, typically appealing) are breaking out. at that place ' s a abbreviated battle and jack bundles himself and karen into the trunk of the pickup car. it ' southward in these cramped confines, pressed intimately in concert, that jack and karen start falling for i another. the mutual attraction continues as the couple on opposite sides of the law of nature slip in and out of 1 another ' s grasp. karenic follow jack to detroit, where atomic number 2 ' s astir to pull off another heist, this time a cache of uncut diamonds from incarcerated man of affairs richard ripley (played by a toupee - sporting albert brooks, almost unrecognizable in the prison house scenes ). it ' due south during this terminal caper - gone - awry that allen make her light appearance. clooney ' s range as an actor is modified, but he has undeniable appealingness. lopez, too, be light on the eyes, but she demonstrates more than deepness in her portrayal of karen, a tough yet tender professional. she mete out with hit men as easily as she extinct - maneuvers sleazy filling - upward artists in a bar. peculiarly cute is a sequence in which karenic fantasizes about jack in a motel bathtub. admirably supporting clooney and lopez are don cheadle as fellow whitlow maurice ' snoopy ' miller, steve zahn as the perennially stoned john glenn michaels, and dennis farina as karenic ' due south dad, who dear buy her a piece. add a duad of uncredited cameos from " jackie brown " cast extremity and " out of sight " proves to equal a lot of sport. not as hip and clever as " shorty, " maybe, operating theatre as complex and colorful as " brown, " only slews of fun nonetheless. 