grown courtroom thrillers have forever captivated america. o. watt second. simpson, tom capano, the menendez brother. all these name be synonymous to american language and courtrooms. and, of trend, courtroom dramas follow non a new topic to hollywood. whether it exist john grisham ' s thrilling novels operating theater television ' s famous dramatic event, the court get always provided big bucks. so when ace rent a civic action, i was expecting the film to comprise like the rainmaker, a brilliant police force film that sustain viewers on the edge of their seat. withal, what i saw in a civil action was far dissimilar from what i expect, a major surprise, only luckily, a pleasant i. john travolta invariably seem to descend up big when you least expect it. no one have a bun in the oven him to light up the screen in dirt, nor in saturday nox fever. only, whenever he gets knocked down, helium always seems to follow back scrap. a civil action is not john ' s best performance, but a impregnable one that could match any carrying into action in 1998. travolta proves that a normal and credible performance can overleap a film into academy award nominations. his performance is not flashy, nor memorable, just upstanding. if helium delivered the only solid carrying out, this celluloid would yet be average. luckily, he has a strong support roll. william planck's constant. macy is probably one of the well nigh underrated actors in hollywood. he continues to deliver great performance one after the former, but atomic number 2 is still regard as a secondary actor. in a civil activeness, he render yet another great performance as travolta ' s paranoiac and greedy accountant. he is non a lovable role, simply a character world health organization stands away in your mind whenever you think of the film. he is not one and only of the freehanded time lawyers, only a measly accountant. but, helium delivers unmatched of the best supporting theatrical role of 1998, only there is actually mortal better in a polite action. henry martyn robert duvall is also an underrated actor. he get many lead use, just personify never heard when you hear of big boxwood office draws like tom hanks, brad pitt and jim carrey. duvall ingest a supporting function in this as a lawyer of the co - defendant. duvall is magical in this function. helium is the isaac mayer wise instructor, who not exclusively battle it out in the courtroom, but also manages to instruct every major player a lesson, in his ain twisted mode. in many non - comedic film, conductor personify always trying to find a way to implement a touch of drollery, to observe the audience on their toe. unfortunately, they usually only key in on peerless character whose main objective lens is to be laughable (jar - jounce binks, anyone? ). however, this usually backfires because the character is ne'er fully arise. this is not the face in a polite military action. they hold comedy come from all sides. whether information technology make up duvall ' s inane interrogative sentence or macy ' s sharp anger, the gag come in a steady pace. granted, it ' s non ramble in the aisle good story, only it provides a nice addition to the film. the secret plan be terrific - somewhat. the setup constitute gracious with the moving picture show actually starting with a victory in the courtroom. then the display case that bequeath make or break up january (travolta) ' s career rears its ugly brain. they determine out the gold mine involve with the case and wind upwardly taking it. however, budget soon flounder and jan finds himself in mysterious debt. atomic number 53 will non spoil the relief, although i must speak of the one downside to the film. the courtroom debates constitute great, but the actual trouble they be fighting for is ne'er fully explore. information technology left maine somewhat confused, although the rest of the film is terrifying. all in all, privy travolta is rearwards yet again in this great film. his supporting roll, consist of macy and duvall, turn in tremendous performances, which ease the load on travolta. the film follow fresh, witty and thought provoking. not merely perform information technology gauge in - court conflict, but also the various tolls it can accept on the major players. a civil activeness provide everything a drama fan craves. 