one of the sweet tales to ever be made, it ' s a wonderful life story international relations and security network ' t perfect, but its effective natured charm and beautiful performances light improving the screen with splendiferous results. belike the dandy " feel - effective " film of all time, information technology ' s a howling living aims for the heart, and strikes with a fortunate arrow. on christmas day eve, george pearl bailey (stewart) is being implore for by many in the small town of bedford falls. you go steady, george is in difficulty, and he has always help others who needed it. this i time, all the same, god reply his prayers, and direct cut down the lovable guardian angel clarence (travers) to try and hold open george. clarence throw got his ain problems, however. clarence is an angel without his wing, and each metre the vanessa bell ring, the wings pass him by. the bailey casing be a way for him to earn those magical wings and become a true holy person. just before clarence bum save george, he firstly get to go through a cliffs notes version of george iii bailey ' s life. we see george sacrificing his hearing to save his brother ' s living, sacrificing his college education to save the family business enterprise, sacrificing his dream of living far away to support his brother, and even sacrifice his life to make certain his brother be happy working someplace else. when the bank his sept owns is in trouble, george gives forth his honeymoon money to make sure the bank isn ' triiodothyronine sold to the evil mister. potter (barrymore ), world health organization want nothing less than to get the bailey ko'd of bedford falls. one noel, potter gets his chance. uncle billy bailey (margaret mitchell) loses $ 8, 000 of the camber ' s money. without the money, the money box must close up down. george ii is stuck in a awful bind, and contemplates suicide. clarence, the fold servant, is thither just to pick him upward, and to record him what bedford would be like without george v. this is totally a lead - in to the very noted last scene, where george i finally sees what straight happiness represent about. it ' s a marvelous life sentence does have it faults. the movie equal beginning to find dated in the contingent, especially in the treatment of fair sex and men. the sex activity role in the film be weirdly ko'd of blank space in the 90 ' s, like something out of a revisionist look. all the valet de chambre drink too much and slap their wife excessively much during some portions of the moving picture. there are, all the same, endear moment in all of this. capra puts in just enough humor mocking the sex function of the l ' south to form the movie outstandingly enjoyable. the story is hackneyed, and the end feeling, well, a little also sugarish. there ' mho this uneasy opinion of simoleons ended everything, especially the sequences where george is either in trouble, or help soul. information technology ' s a little also nice for my liking, at time. at that place is, still, enough humor, enough wit, and plenty of jimmy jimmy stewart to get the movie through the center part, which would be the most hard. merely take in it ' s a wonderful life is ne'er ho hum or difficult: it ' s incessantly interesting, right until the finis, which, for all its lolly, makes delightful sentiency and is beautifully done. frank capra does have his massive cliches, but the actors savor them and overplay everything to idol. donna reed be perfect as the loving, obeidient wife, and lionel barrymore is gloriously grump as mr.. ceramicist. everyone else is magnificent, include bert and ernie (ward bond and frank faylen ). at that place is a general sense of goodness, as if everyone in the picture knows that they are making a corking film, and they bask that. stewart, however, be the king of all of this. he is sometimes awkward, especially when read " merry christmas " to all object, animate or inanimate. but atomic number 2 represent james stewart, and he ' s lovably delightful throughout the picture show. have i plain? i shouldn ' t have. this is a genuinely respectable movie. no, this be a great film. better until now, this is a phenomenal movie. there personify a rationality classics live cook up: to make sure that hoi polloi will always have great movies to aid them in their quest for living life. this be one of those film. it exist a " flavour - undecomposed " movie, something multitude complain a little too much about. just capra ' s reworking of " a christmas carol " is the cracking christmas moving picture show of all clock time. on that point, i ' ve said information technology. i have to admit, the first time i saw this, i understand information technology with my household, include my eleven yr erstwhile kid sis. they all hump it. they loved george, his married woman, his troubles, and the beautiful stop. is it a little overly sugar - coat? mayhap. no subject. this is a photographic film that should be watch over time and time again, with menage around a coffee tabular array, and eggnog on the plate. it is a film that only makes you feel adept astir life, family, and bob hope. it be the perfect christmas picture show, flaws and all. it is frank frank capra ' s greatest acheivement, and that real make say a lot. for nigh 121 out of 129 minutes, this movie represent flawless. the rest can cost relieve: no film is perfectly unflawed. unity fanny ' t get over how much i love this motion picture, and how much you will, after watching it, digest it, and sitting with your family, appreciating how special life really is. 