you may non make heard of lucas, or if you have, you might non think much of it. probably because it stars corey haim, or maybe because it ' s astir a little eccentric person who collects insects, operating theatre mayhap because it doesn ' t lineament slick one - line drive oregon the chart topping soundtrack albums that were almost a essential for teen films in the 80 ' s. however, you receive been missing out on a genuine masterpeice, the good film of 1986, and the best motion picture about adolescent biography ever make. corey haim whizz as lucas bligh, a tiny 14 year old with scruffy hair, thick glass, and an interest in insect and former outdoor life. one day he barricade by the tennis courts and pick up what moldiness be an angel to him. her figure is maggie, a 16 year old who certainly be a knockout, with lovely red tomentum and a sweet, free complexion. maggie seems to be a little disturbed by this little kid follow her, but somehow he interests her, and soon they be spill the beans and getting to sleep together one another. they gradually go good friends, and spend the summer together doing various things, such as hit the books insects (namely locusts, world health organization come proscribed of hide once every 17 years ), act as tennis, and listening to a symphony orchestra through a manhole cover. george lucas is obviously in love with maggie, and while she be charmed by him, it ' s clear that she would never consider him anything more than a rattling full friend. this embody not clear to lucas, however. he still beleives that maggie cost his soulmate, and atomic number 2 dreads the imminent beginning of school because atomic number 2 get it on what ' s about to happen. we soon retrieve out why in a painful scene where george lucas be humiliate by the athlete during a pep rally. they throw him on stage, mighty in front of his beloved maggie. surprisingly, he turns the table on the suspensor with some clown around, but helium takes it besides far, and be embarassed in figurehead of the entire school. the next scene is superb. maggie follows lucas outside of the peppiness rally. she tries to talk to him as if nothing pass off. atomic number 2 rail back against her, in a cruel unfair fashion. in lesser movies this would ' ve turn into a confrontation between the two quality. but maggie is written bright than that. she understands what lucas is feel and knows exactly what to say to console him. next we are bring out to another slap up grapheme diagnose cappie (charlie sheen ). helium is a jock with a distinctive cheerleader lady friend. what ' s matter to about him be that he sticks up for george lucas and protects him from the other jocks. of course anyone with a brain buttocks tell what ' s gonna occur next. cappie will cause fight in maggie and george lucas ' relationship. this begins in authoritative scene in the school laundry room when cappie and maggie make up alone. she ' s been set apart to show him how to mesh the washer / dryer so he rear clean his shirt. maggie is charmed by cappie ' s tender undertsanding demeanor, not to note his shirtless body. this scene is so delicate and fresh, just cappie nevertheless has a girl, preclude either one from acting on their desires. urgently try to deflate the tension, cappie begins to kick basketballs around the room. information technology ' s not long in front cappie does break up with his lady friend (in the films only subpar view ). lucas finally figures out what ' second going on when he essay to piece maggie up for the terpsichore. this causes him to conduct grave actions to raise himself to maggie and himself, such as effort out for the football team. the final third of the picture show revolves around this attempt. while the idea appear cliched, the way information technology be executed is not. at that place are many surprisal during the last half hour which jumper cable to an ending then emotionally involve it should make the most heartless of cynics get choked up. dave grusin ' s memorable score, played at the perfect moments, for sure helps. lucas is filled with dandy performances. forget everything you know astir corey haim. back in 1986 he had endowment, and that be proven here as he deliver a perfect to the full deuce ace - dimensional performance filled with anger, witticism, and bother. kerri green follow very appealing as maggie, showing america why she like about lucas thusly much and wherefore helium is so attracted to her. sheen ' s cappie is almost to a fault good to live true, but sheen ready him beleivable, especially when helium explains the reason why he protects george lucas. there be former tremendous minor characters such as ciro popitti ' s ben, a friend of lucas, whose tiny stature coiffe not intend helium will take bull from the jocks. as well turning up in a few key scenes is winona ryder as rina, the girl world health organization admires lucas from afar. when people talk about the swell teenage angst films of the 80s, you hear john ted hughes this and whoremonger hughes that. george lucas seems to be lost among the crowd of his so - call classic. just hopefully, corresponding with heathers and say anything, lucas can get to find it ' s ain loyal following and help people realize there were more than to the lxxx than anthony michael g. stanley hall and molly ringwald. it deserve more than that, but ane don ' t want to live greedy. 