felix (sami bouajila, " the siege ") live a content life story with his boyfriend book of daniel (pierre - loup rajot) in the little town of dieppe in northerly anatole france. when atomic number 2 is laid off from his job, after discover the destination of the father who abandoned him before he was bear, he decides to journey to marseilles, in the confederacy, to find the man he ne'er met in " the adventures of felix. " author / directors olivier ducastel and jacques martineau made their debut with the musical comedy " jeanne and the double dyed cat, " embracing that typically american genre. their 2d effort, " the risky venture of felix, " formerly again borrows from america with a tale of a vernal man who hits the route to find himself. felix is happy with his life in dieppe, only when the ferryboat company helium works for falls predate to the economic science of the chunnel, he be out of a job and at loose ends. when helium give up the ghost through his belated female parent ' s papers atomic number 2 learns that the don he never knew is living in marseilles, hundreds of miles aside. felix makes the snap decisiveness to journey to the south, put together a supplying of " cocktail " for his hiv computer virus, kisses daniel goodbye and heads off on foot. he refuses to use trains and wants to void big cities as he thumb across anatole france to find his fate. along the way, a serial of chance encounters with respective strangers teaches felix that family is not always induce up of descent relations. on the route, atomic number 2 witnesses a race - related mugging that twist into slaying and, frightened for his own guard, runs away without tell the police. following this disk experience, he has his initiatory chance meeting that begin the unconscious mental synthesis of his ideal family. his journey brings him to rouen, and the film ' reciprocal ohm for the first time title discussion section, " my minuscule brother, " where atomic number 2 meets jules, a untested art student world health organization becomes smite with felix. they steal a car and develop a chaste, brotherly affectionateness before felix moldiness actuate on. he next sports meeting elderly mathilde (patachou ), in the chapter entitle " my grandmother, " and soon learns that she, too, has a fondness for the same idiot box liquid ecstasy opera house that felix has grown addicted to. she want him to stay with her, but atomic number 2 moldiness continue on his way to find his father. in the unaccented chapter of felix ' s route trip, titled " my cousin, " helium meet a railroad worker (philippe garziano) and has a brief sexual encounter before heading polish off, formerly again, toward marseilles. he next helps a marooned lady automobilist, isabelle (ariane ascaride ), and shag a drive with her and her three tiddler (each with a different pappa) in the episode entitle " my sister. " he is tear by the inner turmoil of non going to the police about the slaying helium witnessed and isabelle comforts him scarce as a babe would. on the final leg of the journeying titled " my father, " he meets an older piece, a fisherman (maurice benichou ), who enlightens him about the real facts of life and family unit while they fly felix ' southward kite, just comparable a father of the church and boy. " the adventures of felix " has a number of things going for it as we follow felix on his journeying of breakthrough. first and foremost equal the charming carrying into action by sami bouajila as felix. he embody a likable cat, fighting his hiv with his dose of " cocktails, " and lights up the screen as he makes the long walk of life, often with dancing and vocal, to find his father and himself. as he encounters each member of his new family, promising each that he will send a mailing card when he come at his terminal destination, atomic number 2 farm a small bit more spiritually and emotionally. bouajila does a rattling job holding center level on the screen. the mould of characters making up felix ' s newfangled - found family are near as charming as the star topology, each in their own way. patachou, especially, be howling as the grandma character and a kindred spirit to felix. ariane ascaride, along with her kid, gives a perf that really make you think of her as the babe that the untested military personnel never have. only the " full cousin " chapter lacks the emotional depth of the eternal rest and smell corresponding a pro forma addition to felix ' s " family. " " the adventures of felix " does not reinvent the road movie, merely it do provide a charismatic notification of a new man ' s journeying to find himself and, to his surprise, his discovery is dramatically dissimilar than helium expected at the beginning. information technology helps that cinematographer matthieu poirot - delpech ' s crisp lensing compliments the story perfectly as felix move across the french countryside. i give information technology a bel +. 