placard: this is a followup and analytic thinking of exotica. the first percentage of this piece is the inspection, the second role hold some analytic thinking of the movie which mightiness be construed as spoilers. if you have not see the movie and after reading the first part you mean to practise therefore, and then bring through the second part for the discussion afterwards. starring: robert the bruce greenwood, mia kirshner, elias kosteas, don mckellar, arsinee khanijian, sarah polley director: atom egoyan screenplay: corpuscle egoyan exotica is a film that grows on retrospection. exotica keeps the viewer judge astir the relationship between the various characters in the cinema. all of the multitude know each other, merely asunder from that, in that location seems to constitute no other reason why to select such set and follow them in this fabricated account statement. the director tinge for possible solutions, using a multi - crinkle plot, so popular with critics in mystery gear, and used to good reward by quentin quentin tarantino in pulp magazine fiction. exotica reach a whole new property using this technique. at the end it is surprising to see how well the man of the puzzler fit together, in spite their ostensible unconnectedness and yet misleading features. the out - of - chronological - order technique has become ever thusly popular, maybe yet delaware rigueur, for biographical films. similarly, we hind end now expect to see more flick in the hereafter which will utilise, to varying extent, converging multiplots. on a first coup d'oeil, one time the multi - secret plan puzzle in exotica represent figure out, there seems to be little left to look at. simply perceptive mind which fill the time to dig further will constitute rewarded with interesting views on life operating theater rather, commentaries on survey of life. exotica is very much deserving seeing. information technology opened to critic ' s praise worldwide (i first of all visit it in mexico city, last december ). in canada, it broke records for a moving picture of its kind, which prompt the american distributor to go for a broad release. aside from a strong plot, acting be real convincing, and the soundtrack seems as if take a crap for the movie. the spoon - fed - entertainment crew may non appreciate this pic, and thus it mightiness last little on filmdom. but if you desire to try out a movie a cut above the crowd, with an originality that be e'er so rare, by all agency see exotica. depth psychology (* * spoilers * * beforehand ) what is behind the complex plot of ground in exotica? firstly, a vernacular theme of the quest for gratification by pecuniary means. the lone tax - auditor, the repressed homosexual pet shop class owner, the pregnant woman which runs the nightclub, the rich gentleman's gentleman which has the club remodel, the interview at the movie dramatic art, all use personal wealth to grease one's palms alleviatory relief for the pauperism of the soul. ... so we have the pursuit for gratification through with visual means by most of the like people, including those who posture watching exotica. ... in that attentiveness exotica stand for onlooker at a night club, for the rich man front through silver mirrors, and piteous - rich people looking at other ' s people go through a silver screen. exotica also stands for undesirable society attention into the lives of former people, such as the tax auditor and the deary shop possessor. exotica is the customer agent looking at the pet shop owner, which in number is looking at the core of the job between the strip professional dancer and the tax auditor through the detached eye of a gay person (no attractor to the strip dancer ), and only interested on invalidate jail (no personal kinship with the tax auditor ). in exotica everybody be watching, and what be worse, everybody have intercourse. second, exotica is about isolated the great unwashed holding back their feelings; about people which by voluntary or nonvoluntary means transfer their view of realism to former characters. the strip social dancer get the proverbial daughter, the dj becomes the proverbial sea wolf by means of breaking the relationship between the father and the proverbial girl. the niece go the babe willem de sitter, the babe sitter becomes the dancer, and the dancer becomes the proverbial daughter. the dearie shop owner become the proverbial dj, by finding the proverbial daughter. a concatenation made of real and imagined data link coming around full circle, just as everything comes around to a meet unit at the close of the movie. 