if you want some hearty laughs, then rat raceway be the movie for you. this unpretentious little comedy, which lift into theaters today with very little hype, will get you bouncing in your field seat. and while the film fits neatly into the low - forehead, slapstick school of funniness, one refreshing aspect is its lack of mean - spiritedness. the secret plan follow a group of people pick out at random by an eccentric la vegas casino owner (john cleese) who must race from vegas to a bus post footlocker 700 mile aside in silver city, n. m. privileged the locker is a duffel bag containing $ two zillion. the foremost ane to open the locker, gets the bag and the money. what the group of participants doesn ' t recognise is that cleese ' s donald sinclair (" i can do anything i want - i ' m gonzo! ") be stag the race as a betting game for a radical of eminent roll at the hotel. the participants include vera (whoopi goldberg) and merrill (lanai chapman ), a newly reunited mother and daughter; disgraced pro football referee owen templeton (cuba gooding jr. ); italian tourer mr.. pollini (rowan atkinson ); randy pear (jon lovitz) and his family; the bumbling con men duane and blaine cody (seth honey oil and vince vieluf ); and cynical young lawyer nick shaffer (breckin meyer ). various amuse encounters and mishaps befall the participants en route to silver metropolis. film writer andy breckman add up a nice touch by not having the racers prove to sabotage one another. the most side - splitting situations involve vera and merrill ' s encounter with the squirrel lady, a nice nutsy cameo by kathy bates; owen ' s commandeer a charter bus full of lucille ball aspect - alikes on their means to a lucy convention; the cody brothers misadventures with a hot - air balloon, a flying cow and a monster truck; and the pear family ' s stopover at a barbie museum, which turns out not to be what they think it is. the pear kinfolk situation is a fine object lesson of the way breckman ' s script build up the laughs. without going into detail, this bit segues from the museum to hitler ' s touring car, to eva wernher magnus maximilian von braun ' s dark lipstick, to lovitz burning his lingua, culminating at a ceremony honoring world state of war ii veterans. blackleg race ' s cast live first rate. cleese constitute wonderfully devilish and madcap; lovitz be, at first, a bit whiny, just his character grows on you; gooding is having a fine romp; and dave thomas almost steals the show as cleese ' s deadpan assistant, a man " born without a personality. " the motion picture be guide by jerry zucker, who knows something about comedy. along with his sidekick, david, and friend jim abrahams, he be responsible for such hit as airplane! and unpitying people. a broadsheet subplot, which be good for some laughs, features cleese and his pal, wager on a series of outlandish situations, including one grapple with a hooker and pepto - bismol. this is a fun piffling feature article. the solitary letdown comes at the stopping point, which is too delicate - feely and sweet, almost contradict what came before it. crumb race be a summer sleeper, but information technology will keep you awake, as will the laugh of those learn around you. 