with the exception of their surrealistic satire barton fink, the films of joel and ethan coen fit into 2 broad categories: quirky and sometimes in darkness humorous takes on the " flick noir " genre in which crime schemes go wrong and spin progressively out of control (fargo, miller ' s hybridizing, blood simple ), and off - the - wall comedies centered around an eccentric, scatter - brained lead character (raising arizona, the hudsucker proxy ). their latest oblation, the openhanded lebowski, falls within the latter family, though there are element of the offense - gone - wrong theme and even a touch of satire to be found in this flick. the primary difference, however, is that while the protagonists of raising arizona and the hudsucker proxy had lofty aspirations and ideals but didn ' t quite an have the brains to get it all together, the main character of the big lebowski seems alike a fairly intelligent guy who ' s wise to the creation, but he doesn ' t really want to do much of anything besides go bowling, smoke pot, and generally relax. that main character is jeffrey " the gallant " lebowski (jeff bridges ), introduced by the film ' sulphur drift narrator (sam elliott) as " quite an possibly the lazy man in los angeles county. " the dude is unemployed, needless to say, and spends most of his time at the bowling alley with his two best friends, walter (john goodman ), a borderline - psychotic who ' s in the habit of pulling a gun when he thinks somebody ' s cheating in a bowling match (" has the whole world gone crazy? ! " he shouts at a suspected cheat ), and donny (steve buscemi ), who ' s incessantly a few steps behind the conversation and is constantly berated by walter for information technology (" donny, you have no frame of reference here! " ). these three seem to more or less live for bowling tourney, and as the film begins they are anticipating an of import compeer with rival bowler jesus quintana (john turturro ), who, when we first meet him, is do a dance in the bowling lane to accompany a spanish version of " hotel california " and, if it ' s possible, seems to be even more of a head case than walter. if that doesn ' t give you a good idea of this film ' s absurdist tone of voice, and then perhaps this will: the entire scenario which beat back the story cost set in motion by two thugs erroneously micturate on the fellow ' s rug. they ' ve mistaken him for a millionaire of the same name world health organization exist also know as the " big " lebowski (david huddleston) and whose nymphomaniac wife bunny girl (tara reid) owes money to porn producer jackie treehorn (ben gazzara ). the dandy goes to the big lebowski seeking compensation for his sunk rug; he doesn ' t receive any luck, but when bunny rabbit is apparently kidnapped, the senior lebowski asks him to deliver the $ one one thousand thousand ransom money. unluckily, walter gets involved and fouls upward the drop - off, and before they butt attempt again to get the money to the supposed kidnaper, the dude ' s railroad car gets stolen, along with the briefcase containing the money. soon, the dude is being harassed not only when by the big lebowski himself but also by treehorn and by a chemical group of german " nihilists " who demand the ransom money even though they may not have been involve in the snatch in the first stead; the dude and walter suspect that bunny may well have kidnapped herself in order to extort money from her husband to repay her debt to treehorn. meanwhile, the big lebowski ' s daughter maude (julianne thomas moore ), a women's rightist avant - garde artist world health organization like to gain grand entryway swinging through the air naked, need to recover the money for her family. the plot, notwithstanding, embody really precisely a fomite for wholly these bizarre characters to run wild and wreak their ain unique forms of havoc. the previews for the large lebowski feature creedence clearwater revival ' s " run through the jungle, " and it fits: the coens get wind los angeles as a veritable hobo camp of oddballs and nutcases, with the sometimes bewildered dude forget to run through with it and try on to avoid any more trouble (usually unsuccessfully ). the film doesn ' t feature quite as many one - liners and sight gags as the coens ' other comedies (though thither are a few hilarious moments of visual humor, specially in the dude ' s ambition sequence and acid flashbacks ), but it more than makes up for information technology with the sheer fun of watching these strange fictitious character interact. the film sometimes seems a little disunite as a result - you get the feeling that the coens have not only set their characters loose in this " jungle " but are also themselves running crazy through the hobo camp of their ain twisted imaginations - merely for the most part the characterizations constitute interesting enough to overcome the wobbly plotting and what turns out to be a somewhat anticlimactic resolution. there ' s likewise a noticeable (but not to a fault grave - handed) train of thought of social commentary in the big lebowski, which, incidentally, takes place just as the gulf war is about to begin; at the beginning, we see george shrub on television puddle his " this aggression will non stand " words. the coens take design at just astir every elite cubic decimeter. a. subculture in the book: the egotistical wealthy man of affairs (" the bums will invariably miss! " blackguard the swelled lebowski at one point ), the porn manufacture, the bear down malibu policeman world health organization chew out the dude for disturbing their " peaceful beach community, " and therefore on. by the end, we really start to admire the beau, who almost sure as shooting harbors the least " aggression " of anyone in this narrative; his passive electrical resistance (emphasis on " passive, " albeit) to the elite emerges as something more than just another quirky characterization in a film well over with quirky fiber. he also turns out to have a fairly well - function brain in his forefront, even if atomic number 2 doesn ' deoxythymidine monophosphate like to use it very much; his sarcasm towards treehorn and the malibu policeman shows that atomic number 2 knows when he ' s getting a run around, and he does manage to unravel the kidnapping mystery by the end. the coens surely poke fun at the dude for his laziness, but they assume ' t merely treat him as cannon fodder for cheap shots either. i think that, more than anything, is what make believe the full grown lebowski a standout comedy: information technology manages to approach characters like the dude and, to some extent, walter, with unfeigned affectionateness while still acknowledging that they are pretty scatter - brained. audience fellow member may find themselves surprise at how much they comparable the un - dynamic duo by the end of the movie, given that they seemed alike nothing more than than the butts of an extended prank at world class. " it ' s dependable knowin ' he ' second taboo there, the dude, budorcas taxicolor ' it gentle, " posits the narrator towards the remainder. single dare say that truer run in have rarely been spoken. 