" when you aim out of jail, you can kill him. " starring ashley judd, tommy lee jones, bruce greenwood. rat r. two fold endangerment comprise a lurid, prepostrous thriller that ' s also matchless of the class ' sec most enjoyable. information technology ' s an uncompromisingly brutal, cheerfully anarchic, hyperactive actioner that has a mission and ne'er diverts from it. there embody non a moment hither when the events on screen don ' thyroxine have a direct heraldic bearing on the secret plan; once the film gets going it ne'er stop. information technology has been branded as the female version of the fugitive and that ' randomness belike a right judgement of the plot, but the film itself have little in common with the 1993 andrew davis / harrison ford coaction besides the presence of wiz tommy lee jones. non even bother with reference introduction, director bruce beresford deck the gas pedal from the get - go and never ascertain the pteridium aquilinum. we encounter, sort of in haste, willard frank libby and nick parsons (ashley judd and bruce greenwood, respectively) a seemingly happy married couple, with a son matty, age 4. they go out on a sailboat one night, and after a period of some rockin ' sexual urge, they go to catch some z's. willard frank libby hears a strange noise, wakes up and discovers that she be covered with blood. she follows a red trail to the upper deck of cards, where she finds a tongue and, out of amazement, picks information technology up. at that commodious moment, the slide guard prove up and libby is arrested. her attorney, a friend, puts upwards a defense in court, simply though we have it off she is innocent, the grounds against her is too compelling. her friend adopts her son and she goes to prison house. once in prison, she makes a phone call to her booster. her friend gives her son the earpiece. nick walk in the room. little matty screaming " daddy! " the earphone goes dead. willard frank libby realizes that the man she be imprisoned for killing isn ' t even dead. she gets some advice from a prisoner / former lawyer, who distinguish her that since the state already convict her of belt down her husband, they can ' t convict her of the like crime again, meaning that when she gets paroled she can kill him and they can ' t touch her. after a weirdly shortsighted amount of time, she induce out of parole. she is sent to live at a mansion with other late probationer, under the command of parole officer travis lehman (tommy rose louise hovick jones ). she sets out on a foreign mission to chance her married man and mystify her son back, which turns out to be much more unmanageable than anticipated. she winds improving track him wholly the way to raw orleans where she determine out that he has long down his girlfriend and her son ' s " adopter ". double peril is based on an assumption that is legally simulated. the legal philosophy stating that nobody can follow convicted doubly for the same crime assumes that it is the like offense: like sentence, same place, same destiny. it ' s not same information technology matters. this comprise a boisterously good thriller; vivid, exciting, fast and furious. it ' s silly alright, but this is the form of film you merely don ' t question. in some films, plausibleness is everything. two fold risk, however, is not concerned with making horse sense: it sole purpose cost to entertain, and it does. judd facilitate the photographic film tremendously in a difficult role. this is her breakout box - office public presentation, and she is terrific. she brings some emotion to what could bear been a one - dimensional role, giving the movie a trivial soulfulness to go on with information technology effective salmon p. chase scenes and action set slice. tommy lee jones basically barely reprises the role for which he win an oscar in the fugitive, but the movie draw good exercise of his stone - front card. thankfully, too, double jeopardy chorus from develop a romance between libby and travis; a subplot which doubtless would have got step in with the film ' s story. this is unmatchable of those moving picture show where bull are the forged guys, and i took a sort of sick pleasure in that. the sheer lawlessness of the proceedings was naught inadequate of wonderful, as ashley judd complain the crap tabu of every authorization figure in the book. after all the idealistic hollywood features featuring hero copper, deft fbi agent and the virtues of the american sound system, information technology ' s great to see a movie that doesn ' metric ton so much demonstrate their fallacy as it delights in their failure. double risk is really good, but information technology isn ' t the kind of honest that is remembered operating theater recognized with laurels. it ' s one of those movie break viewed with the einstein work off, other than, your brain will be officious break your experience. this is a thriller that isn ' t concerned with exist fresh or plausible. instead information technology diverts all attention to the natural action, which, this year, is 2d to none. 