for example, in happy gilmore, sandler play a rookie linksman trying to bewilder a self - positive jerk of a pro. if the sensation were any other comic, that would represent enough motivation to drive the moving picture show, but with sandler, the greenhorn also want to win the dirty money money to help his grandma keep her menage. that extra motive doesn ' tetraiodothyronine make happy gilmore a funnier pic. information technology doesn ' t really add any genuine emotional deepness, either. in fact, the motive is nearly totally irrelevant to the flick. just sandler ' s philosophy seems to personify, if it ' s a token motion, why non make it a nice gesture? that is ceaselessly refreshing. in the wedding singer, sandler is right hand on track. the fact that he ' s a wedding vocalizer be only superficially relevant to the story. what kind of a wedding isaac bashevis singer he is is even less authoritative. david spade could bear filled the function with cynicism and sarcasm. he could make fun of the blubber, ugly, operating theatre embarrassing people helium meets at weddings, and the chronicle would be intact. but sandler instead get a mature good to the type. he seems to rattling enjoy the people at weddings and treats them as though they were his ain family. robbie lorenz hart (sandler) doesn ' tetraiodothyronine just now sing at wedding; he also gets the loners to join in and have fun, and helium smooths it all over when someone behave something embarrassing. he is exactly the man you would desire at your marriage. the day come when robbie make his own wedding, and helium is stood up by his heavy - metallic element saint brigid (the movie is set in 1985 ). robbie takes information technology hard. he doesn ' t sleep, helium doesn ' t eat, and he get punched out at work when helium sings " love stinks " at a wedding party. julia (draw barrymore ), world health organization waitresses whole the weddings in town, gives him a berm to cry on and an ear to talk to. eventually, robbie take off rebounding toward julia. he very care her, merely she ' s engaged. her fianc? be a self - positive jerking (fare i see a trend - nope, just a formula) who doesn ' t deserve her, simply robbie is too depressed to struggle for her hired hand. julia seems to like robbie too, merely she can ' t leave her ostensibly safe and stable fianc? for the bump off - chance that robbie might be serious astir her. you bed the story. you ' ve envision information technology a million times before. there ' s e'er a new fashion to tell apart it, with novel lovers, new chemistry, and newfangled item, just it ' s the same story. and sometimes, information technology works. the wedding party singer works. first of all, the chemistry between sandler and barrymore is good. actually, it ' s non so much the chemistry between the ii as it be each single ' sec own romantic tenseness. sandler seize the forlorn sleepwalking face of a jilted man, struck with an unattainable love. barrymore personify charming as the girl next door look for someone serious to settle down pat with. electric discharge get into ' t fly when they kiss, but they both seem rightfield for each other. 2d, their love is matured. they are not driven by passionate intimate attraction - they ' re a cunning brace, only neither sandler nor barrymore live centerfold material. instead, they constitute both looking for someone meaningful, someone to settle down down with, someone to get quondam with. at a wedding, robbie comforts a child throwing up in a dumpster while julia sits by. the push back situation is take in stride, as if the ii were already parent, caring for their fed up minor. the? 80 soundtrack and references play a handsome part in this picture. other critic liked this movie in part because of the ' eighty soundtrack. ace liked it in spite of the soundtrack. much, the music and acknowledgment felt forced. for example, robbie differentiate his ex - fianc? to " make prohibited of my van halen t - shirt before you jinx the band and they break upwards. " ( ha ha hour angle. go it? saint david lee roth did go away van halen! ) or how astir when sammy (allen concealment ), robbie ' s chauffeur protagonist, shows up at a party wearing a michael glenda jackson crownwork and - bugger off this - a single silver mitt. ( that ' s exactly what mj used to wear down wholly the time! ). regrettably, making merriment of stimulus generalisation about a past era is too easy to represent rewarding. that ' s not to say the moving picture show international relations and security network ' t funny. screenwriter tim herlihy has written for sandler before (billy madison and glad gilmore ), and the ii reach a good combination. herlihy knows what sort of jokes sandler is good at and has sew the script to his square - faced, fresh - aleck style. lashkar e tayyiba ' s hope herlihy and sandler stick unitedly for a few more than projects because this movie very won maine over. with barrymore ' s appeal and sandler ' s gist, information technology comprise hard to go wrong. 