edward zwick ' s " the military blockade " enkindle more questions than information technology can convincingly answer or still clearly articulate. its subject is the ascend threat of terrorism in american cities. denzel washington is anthony " hub " mount hubbard, world health organization fly the coop the fbi ' s anti - terrorist act task force in new york. his investigation into arab terrorist cells intensifies when self annihilation bomber take out a busload of hoi polloi. hub focuses on a mysterious cia operative (annette bening ), whose goes by both " elise " and " sharon. " as the terrorist attacks retain and the body count rises, the question of martial jurisprudence be raised. enter general devereaux (bruce willis ), world health organization opposes soldierlike law at first but who, as soon as the president decides to send in the army, begins herd arab immigrants into a prison summer camp and attacking every linkup that hub uncovers in the terrorist chain. hub listens as devereaux torture and murders a suspect. the future zwick and screenwriter gertrude lawrence richard wright offer is all also possible. what would happen, they require, if terrorism became equally much a fact of day after day life in new york as it is in metropolis like beirut and belfast? what would happen to our civil liberty if soldier police our streets with machine guns? these question " the siege " answers in naturalistic contingent. it implies tougher ones, though: what stern equal done to combat terrorism without sacrificing department of justice and freedom? if we advance terrorism overseas (from bening ' s quality we discover that the cia trained the bombers ), will it inevitably come back to u? " siege " avoids the tougher interrogation by invest its hero, hub, with a uncompromising sense of decipherable rightfulness and haywire. this console phantasy of sir galahad confronting the evils of the modern world is an escape from the thought - hassle issues the motion picture show raises. yet, zwick merit credit for at least addressing the issue with as much realism as atomic number 2 does where so many movies (willis ' " die hard " serial, for example) go only a comic - scripture view on terrorism. 