maybe the most important thing about this moving picture show is that it ' s non handle like the hallmark hall of fame movie of the month, because it very well could have been a manipulative tearjerker, air on alphabet on a monday night, starring kelly martin and yasmeen bleeth, respectively. because it ' s non handled similar the greatest tarradiddle ever told make up precisely why information technology ' s so great. underneath the to - die - for cinematography, the brilliant playing, and incessantly wonderful focal point is a film of modesty, non sure whether or non this tale is totally great simply with the ball to run with it, tell it in a certain original way. it doesn ' t merely go from game point to plot pointedness. it go from eccentric to character. it obsesses itself with the depth and the dash of it all, and makes the tarradiddle of a world - reknowned cellist world health organization contracts ms and dies prematurely into the tale of two sis, both musicians, who get a completely unique relationship. information technology ' s that their relationship is the meat of the story that makes this moving picture show transcend any cornball, shamelessly tired tearjerker quality it could have hold and makes this, unlike " patch adams, " effortlessly aroused and material. in short, this movie be just awesome. it but tell its story genuinely advantageously, and that ' s something that just has to be commended these days, when most stories are botched because they ' re non severalize by slap up storytellers. director anand tucker tell this story well. he overdramaticizes everything, only notwithstanding keeps it real. the picture show tells the story of hilary and jacqueline du pr? (rachel griffiths and emily james dewey watson, respectively ), two sisters who exist first seen in childhood (played by auriol arthur evans and keely flanders, respectively) as the very best of friends. they equal too both musicians, hilary a flute player and jackie a cellist, and when it all set out, both be considered child prodigies, but hilary is seen as the good of the two. jackie, a bit jealous, work and works at her acting skills, and soon the tables are move around. when they both hit maturity, hilary strives for a comeback, while her sis is playing in famous halls around the world, but instead of fame, captures the heart of a hapless, elated conductor, kiffer finzi (david morissey, in a semi - star - making turn ). they hook up with, after a short courtship, and proceed to a adorable country home, making jackie incredibly overjealous since her cello performing becomes a symbolization of her current life: when she plays, she has the eyes of the world, but when she stops, she ' s alone. she enters into a shallow relationship with an equally famous pianist, daniel barenboim (james frain ), in hopes that she may overcloud her sister, but she finally begins to lose information technology, and runs aside to hilary ' s country home, where she hopes to gain admittance by hilary to sleep with her husband, since no one she sleeps with gives her any pleasure. it ' s all terribly melodramtic, as you dismiss see, and by the time jackie has contracted ms (in a brilliantly edited scene that surpasses the breakdown panorama in the semi - smiliar " refulgence " in proficient and emotional devastation ), it would have been the time that i could easily call the sign for melodramatic overload if it hadn ' t been handled in such a way. the key thing here is that it ' s not about her gradual death and strip into insanity simply kind of that it ' s astir her tumultuous family relationship with her babe, which, iodin might add, is perfectly realized. their relationship personify the most down - to - earth complex entity of the year: they bang eachother more than anyone else in the entire mankind, but they ' re also entirely jealous of one another. when a vernal jackie transcend her playing power, she tries in vain to make a comeback but can ' t, and almost seem to marry to fix backward at jackie for her achiever. when jackie lands on top and sees her sis marry a tremendous man, she be envious of her modus vivendi to the most extensive brinks that unity ' ve ever realize in a film (only two sisters world health organization truly love eachother would dare share the same man ). and the whole clock time, their love for eachother is never doubt operating theater even tested. another thing i really like is emily watson ' s performance. i usually make it a greenback to never overpraise an actor for playing either a drunk operating theater a lunatic operating theatre someone with a mortal disease (beaver state any combining of the leash ). my reasoning for this is that it ' s a screwing soft job. the worst typesetter's case for this very year may be thandie newton in " beloved ": sure, she ' s good, only what ' s so tough about playing a woman who stumbles around, dim her words together, and acts like a deuce ace year honest to goodness inside a 20 - yr old ' south body? hell, i could play that if i consume a pair of breasts. in that same exact movie, though, equal a performance by kimberly elise where she have to be the rock that holds the family together as her female parent slowly goes insane, her blood brother ply off never to comprise seen once more, and her mother ' s lover is scared bump off. she has to actually deal with material emotion, something much harder than mere stumbling astir. but the academy of arts and sciences loves love love overpraising performances like newtons. if you wear ' t believe me, look at jack nicholson ' s public presentation in " as good as information technology get ": great performance, merely promiscuous line. this isn ' thyroxin so for thomas augustus watson, though, because her insanity comes from tangible emotion, not barely a plot point. and thanks to the opening sequence, where we see her and hilary as kids, we understand the motives behind all her activity, and by the time she actually contracts ms and begins to loose her sanity and her life time, we ' ve already understood that this is the last straw for a woman plagued with tremendous neuroses. rachel griffiths, who would have otherwise been the understudy to watson ' s protagonist, actually fit watson footfall - for - step, because as john broadus watson grows insane, and demands unspeakable things from her, griffiths holds her own, and has to deal with what she is able to give her sister who needs emotional supporter from her. griffiths, an otherwise unknown actress (and watson being famous from " break out the waves " and " the boxer " ), is absolutely brilliant, scarce as absolutely brilliant as watson is, and if the academy and all the other critics groups, world health organization ' ve already deemed watson ' s performance the best of the yr, glance over hers because she ' s the one who doesn ' t get to fit insane (read: she gets the boring role ), then the scream of hysteria you hear will be from pine tree state. after all, d. w. griffith give birth the ungratifying task of keeping thing real - the tom cruise role in " rainman " (the i who should have gotten oscar consideration and non hoffman ). she do, and if anyone deserves accolades from the honorary society this twelvemonth, information technology ' s griffiths. unitedly, the two actress work passing well, though, and both birth to go through deep emotional perdition, the the likes of of which haven ' t comprise seen this year. if information technology hadn ' t been for an otherwise non - totally - great final section that deals style too much with jackie and not enough with hilary (when the two had gotten equal discourse for the integrality ), i ' ergocalciferol say this be one of the top ten beneficial celluloid of the year. it ' s so tightlipped to perfection, in its structure, its treatment of its subject, and it beautiful technical specifications (cinematography nomination, without a shred of question in my mind, and maybe film editing ), that it ' s nearly a shame that it ' s non the flawless gem that it should be. but, hey, as it is, i tin can hardly sound off. 