vampire lore and legend has always been a popular fantasy element, substantiated by not only the sheer bit of movies astir the matter, merely likewise the proliferation of cults and sect of adherent. and, dissimilar any of the to a greater extent outlandish myths, the vampire holds some substantial - world probability (unmatched study claims 1, 000 leech exist worldwide, and places 50 in los angeles ). but lest the nasties be misidentify for simple minded comic word of god bad guys, toilet carpenter would wish to remind us that they be - and always have been - a truly fearful element of the thriller genre. and remind us he does in his latest motion picture, vampire. thither was some question, as halloween weekend approached, of how good vampires would do in comparison to novel line picture palace ' entropy immensely successful blade, released in august. the two films need observably unlike stand on the vampire exit, and don ' t yet agree on some basic distributor point of the slaying method. ( for instance, blade ' s main weapons are silver and garlic, whereas main reference old salt vaporing ' s technique be a wooden stake to the heart. ) leaf blade also gives more of a font to the lamia civilization, while carpenter would wish us to remain in the dark about how the pasty operate. both have their advantages, and here, carpenter ' s stylus lends itself to a darker breed of suspense preferably than the action movie that blade manager sir leslie stephen norrington delievered. when it ' s all said and done, though, the lamia nonetheless kill and perish with a bally flourish; the level for gore is indeed set to maximum. this meter, our sub is vatican - sponsored slayer jack crow (james river woods ). he ' s a cynical, battle - careworn old stager, and the best of his clump. he and his team are responsible for for cleaning come out the american southwest, and after exterminating a nest one night, they run astir against a super - vampire (termed a " master ") named valek (thomas ian d. w. griffith ). valek kills all of seafarer ' s team except for his partner, tony montoya (daniel stanley baldwin ), and as the two regroup, they get word that valek cost the original lamia - now ended six hundred years old. apparently, valek and his minion have been sweeping the southwestward for decades in search of a cross that will enable them to walk in the day. so with the assist of a priest name robert adam (tim guinee) and a bitten hooker (sheryl leeward) as bait, they chase after valek down for the final confrontation. the script for vampire, written by don jakoby and based on the john steakley novel, is mayhap the wittiest piece of screenplay to escort product all year. crow, in especial, is a fun author of one - liners, and woodwind instrument answer every peerless of them with perfect stoicism. 1st earl baldwin of bewdley, lee, and guinee are all okay supports, adding to the fiber syndicate, but the early straight highlight of the movie is thomas ian griffith ' s tough guy cable. david lewelyn wark griffith ' s intense face is gross for the role, and the alone downside is that he ' s got to talk sometime. luckily, he ' s get few lines, and grapple to draw off a rather electrifying performance. all said, fans will sure enough exist impress by this characterisation, and those who found apt pupil a bit hitch will be stimulate by this one. certainly a worthwhile visit to the theaters. 