for this review and more than, sojourn clear illusions (www. clearillusions. com ) the absolute majority of scary moving picture signal the fact that a character is about to converge their dying with cheesy music, bust out dialogue such as " i ' ll be right back, " or just with the overall whole step of the scene. how astir a graeco roman john denver song as a expiry signal for a change? that ' s the sort of erupt originality that allows " final address " to invade the watcher ' s mind, even days after seeing information technology, making unitary intermission before ever entering a dark room, taking a exhibitor, or even going to sleep. the unique and horrifying thriller is the best thing to happen to the slasher literary genre since 1996 ' s " belly laugh. " " final goal, " direct by james wong and penned by jeffrey riddick, glen thomas hunt morgan, and james wong, the latter two being writers for the t. v. series " the cristal - files, " is a flick with wonderful ideas, and execute them effortlessly. information technology ' s rare a film of this nature can snaffle an hearing ' s attending these days, as the genre has appear to be completely worn out? ? ` but " final destination " hold more in store for one than one can imagine. unlike " halloween " ' s michael myers or " incubus on elm street " ' s freddy oom paul kruger, " final name and address " ' atomic number 16 killer is of the supernatural, the dark unmatchable himself, destruction. the intriguing premiss exist as follows; a portion of a fourth year class is set to travel by airwave to paris for their class trip. after boarding the plane, 1 of the students, alex browning (devon sawa) dreams of their plane exploding into fire just after takeoff, killing everyone on circuit board. once waking up, alex sustain himself and six others turned of that planing machine, all of world health organization appear to be rather obnubilate by the entire happening. before long after their departure, the carpenter's plane take off, and guess what; information technology blows up in middair. at present, alex, and fellow survivors, world health organization consist of friend clear waters (ali larter ), enemy carter (kerr smith ), carter ' s girlfriend terry cloth (amanda detmer ), the goofy billy (sean william walter scott) and his brother tod (chad donella ), and teacher, ms. valerie lewton (kristen cloke ), equal in extreme danger, as it seems they give birth cheated last by getting off of that carpenter's plane, and now death wants them. the number of survivors starts to peel back quite a quickly as death go around murder those who fix sour the plane? ? ` but who is side by side, and how will death fetch them? " concluding goal " be a film that be unbearably suspensive; always make the viewer frantic, as death will strike in the most unlikely of times. whoremonger mile high city ' s " rocky mountain high " being meet pretty much countenance another death? ? ` everyone on that woodworking plane learned the hard style. although it ' s usually give whose living bequeath live submit next, the strength and unpredictability of the film never fades, because you don ' t know when death is fall. similar the characters in the motion picture, i exist invariably nervous and shaky during " final destination ". the slightest dissonance operating theater movement nearby would ship me a swedish mile into the air travel? ? ` and yes, the film be that intense. the cast make up surprisingly good and up to par; the best ensemble in this musical genre since " shrieking. " the characters make multi - dimensional personalities for a change, and for the most part, you highly commiserate with them in one case death showtime to come their room. devon sawa and ali larter are the main focus of the photographic film, and both actors follow up their well written character with even good performances, that, like the " scream " movies did for their mould, will set up them into superstardom. kerr smith and kristen cloke are likewise telling, although the two preceptor ' t posses as much screen time as the leads. " last destination " live 1 exhilarating, exciting ride. any age should be capable to enjoy the complexity and eeriness of the film, and should find an bound to it that most slasher pic deficiency. for the blood have it away moviegoer, " destination " hold bucket of blood, guts, and all that safe stuff. " terminal finish " is a picture that is destined to get a cult classical among horror fan, and a sleeper striking at the box office. hand down to the first film in year that make actually scared pine tree state. by panic attack, i put on ' t mean making pine tree state jump, or making me wonder if i ' m in danger, but by scare i mean a film that stay locked in your mind, absorbing you, leaving one question that ' s constantly on your mind: be destruction coming for me? the bottom line: reach " terminal destination " your terminus. 