represent that it is a extraneous language film with no cognise names with a prime number theaters show it, " shall we trip the light fantastic toe " advance ' t be seen by that many people. and that ' s a shame - this is a funny, enchanting, and whacky motion picture wide cut of laughs, surprise, and wonderful dance sequence. the surprising affair about " shall we dance " be the universal prayer of the story. a us rendering is in the works, and it ' s no wonder - information technology ' s non really all that polish particular. although there is a narrated lot - up that adds some extra resonance to the legal proceeding (astir the panorama the japanese culture has about ballroom dancing ), the movie make up so rich in character and charm that this added layer isn ' t at all necessary to understand or relish the film. the lonesome important unexplained nipponese - specific reference book that may leave some a bit puzzled is that 1000 hankering is just about $ x (when you see the film - and you should see this film - you ' ll know why ). a middle mature company man realizes that attain all the goal helium set for himself in spirit (a house, a youngster, and upright marriage) still doesn ' t translate into a fulfilled living. after glimpsing a somber beauty looking out from a dance studio apartment window while on the train home from work, sugiyana (koji yakusho) decides after some trepidation to take up ballroom saltation lessons in order to meet the char who consume stirred something in himself. after finding the hebdomadary fee for private lessons from the elegant and beautiful mai (tamiyo kusakari) too rich for his blood, sugiyama opts for mathematical group object lesson merely to be near her. we then meet the players in this gem of a movie, world health organization all let their ain grounds for joining the class. subsequently on, we meet aoki at the dancing studio (naoto takenaka ), a conscientious objector - worker and all out weirdo and nonpareil of the laugh scream highlights of the photographic film. the story, express mirth, and allude scenes evolve as the movie goes along. it ' s a pleasure to observe such a wonderful photographic film that is propelled about solely by the characters and performance. it ' s difficult to explain the charms of the film without revealing too much - the flick abounds with footling revelations that subtly shape the reference, and in the end, each ace is that much fuller and more understood by the time you leave the theater. it ' s one of those movies that but the french appear to make anymore - no crowing plot, no particular effect, no gunplay, no tragic consequences, no forced examination of the nature of dearest, and no penetration into the nature of evil. just a tender, peculiar, endear film that will captivate the pants off of you. when personify the last time you left a dramatic art feeling all warm and fuzzy inside? " shall we trip the light fantastic toe " will coif that to you without any treacly aftertaste. 