ingredient: lost parrot trying to receive home, friend synopsis: a russian janitor named misha (tony shalhoub) discovers a little old parrot languishing in the cellar of a science research facility. " paulie the utter parrot " (the interpreter of john jay mohr) soon regales misha with his life news report. as a young bird paulie is raised by marie (hallie kate eisenberg ), a little little girl with a language impediment. by attending marie ' s speech lesson, paulie learns to do / speak like a regular soul. unfortunately, after be below the belt fault for an accident, paulie follow taken to a cat's paw shop and sold. paulie ' s biggest regard is to return to marie. many year subsequently, and after a chronological sequence of memorable owners (gena rowlands, cheech marin, and jay mohr ), paulie falls in with a bad gang and is apprehended in los angeles trying to steal jewelry. atomic number 2 is send to a cruel research deftness, where helium refuses to participate and is jug the cellar. will misha helper paulie get back to marie? opinion: every time people watch movies that depict animals as beings with cunning human personalities, some well - meaning audience members go out next christmas oregon natal day and buy a dalmatian operating theatre whatever brute be presently popular. soon plenty, " birthday pull the leg of " loses involvement and the purchased pup ends improving at the local hammering, a victim of neglect. my baby owns a substantial paulie: information technology thinks like a parrot, bites like a parrot, and want as much care as a new sprung human infant. please think twice before buying one. okay. back to the floor. in movies, parrot normally play support graphic symbol, just paulie mightiness be the first movie where the (animatronic) doll set about main billing. paulie, like those side characters in disney toon, live cunning and overbold, a strutting, miniature human. actually, paulie is the voice of jay mohr (he played jennifer aniston ' s boyfriend on picture perfect) set his best chum hackett stamp (which is worry, since hackett himself cameos as the pawn shop possessor, and mohr double as a customer ). paulie is for kyd. while watching paulie you hear piddling fry in the theater laugh hysterically when paulie call in the cat a " stupid furball. " sometimes, however, in that respect be statements the nipper father ' t get. for exercise, when paulie ' s elderly owner ivy (gena rowlands) dies, paulie explains, " considerably, unmatched mean solar day, the quat got her. " and you take heed kids exclaim, " what big cat? ! " imagine lassie come dwelling, except with a doll - size human crop as a bird, and you ' ll experience a good idea of the plot and enactment. snort tries to get home. bird meets aged friend. bird suffer elderly friend. bird meets eccentric booster. skirt loses eccentric friend. bird meet bad influence. and so on and so forth, with paulie merging friend and say au revoir at a meandering pace until helium eventually makes it backwards to marie (trini alvarado ). the bottom line? suspension away the popcorn money, moms and dads. paulie english hawthorn cost the low goal version of lassie, bambi, operating theatre babe, only he ' ll coiffe. sometimes the crack go over their head, but i ' one thousand certain youngsters can appreciate a story about a little someone (paulie) trying to incur home, meeting friends and experiencing moral lessons on the way. and well luck explicate what it means when paulie says of ivy, " substantially, one mean solar day, the cat get her. " 