unitary of the best thing about my occupation be that, every so frequently, a film yet catches me by surprise. " undercover agent kids " sure enough did. an adventure story aimed principally at tyke, the movie be smart, zippy fun. the production neither panders nor talk down to information technology audience. the brother and sister at the center of the taradiddle embody credible, likable child and their parents be? get quick for this? intelligent, capable and loving. bathroom bodily fluid is keep to a minimum and the legion intimately - staged action scenes avoid inordinate violence. what a backup man it be to be able to review an all - long time film on its artistic merits and not information technology value system. consider the other pg rated " family friendly " picture in dramatic art nowadays. " take in spot run " has a female parent going out of town, leaving her son with an idiot neighbour. body function humor abounds, include a slapstick bit that have the grownup male lead repeatedly falling in weenie poop. what really raise up pine tree state are the jokes that bookend the film. the story begins with a constabulary dog capture a gangster and biting bump off 1 of his testicles in the process. at the hospital, the doctors explain that they replaced the testis with a metallic element ball and joke that the victim is prosperous the dog didn ' t bit off the former one, because 2 metallic replacement orchis would clack together. of course, the pic ends with the dog biting away the remaining testicle and shew prisoners laughing at the crook as atomic number 2 clacks past their cellphone. individual clue me in? when do genital mutilation become funny? " spy kids " is a welcome counterpoison to the repellent " see berth run, " apply mental imagery rather of mercilessness and gaucheness. carmen (alexa lope felix de vega carpio) and her new brother juni (daryl sabara) hold out in a beautiful seaside home with their parents, gregorio (antonio banderas) and ingrid hernando cortes (carla gugino ). mom and dad are a sultry duet devoted to their children. what the kid don ' liothyronine know be that they are also former spy. once agents from different countries assign to " erase " each other, they instead fall in love, married and retired to recruit a family. needless to say, they draw pull back back to the business. curtly into their first joint missionary post, they are captured and end up in the headquarters of fegan floop (alan cumming ), a dandyish hybrid of willy wonka and pee wee herman who host juni ' s favorite idiot box appearance. but there is vicious behind the scenes, as inventors prepare an army of automaton disguised as kid. papa gregorio has the gimmick necessary to radically increase the efficiency of the creatures and the unsound guys will stop at nothing to get information technology from him. back at family, " uncle " felix (cheech marin) shows up to unwrap ma and dad ' s secret to the kids. after a brief respite at a safe house satiate with adequate cool gadgets for a dozen sharper image stores, carmen and juni set sour to find their parents and save the world, zooming through the sea in a submarine pod that seem corresponding a goldfish, while a mint of wicked people (including teri hatcher) chase them. during the course of their adventures, they catch to use fountain packs, electroshock bubblegum and first rate - electronic computer dark glasses. they learn as secret agents are transmute into freaky creatures with silly putty faces and used as background fiber on floop ' s tv show. they mete out with guards that have huge thumbs where their arms, leg and nous would ordinarily live (why are the guard so ineffective? because they ' re all thumbs! ) they move from peerless colorful locale to another, including a nifty virtual realism way reminiscent of the holodeck from " star trek. " the plot line follow silly and convolute, but even at its most dense, it is loose to stick to than either " mission: impossible " movie. conductor henry m. robert rodriguez (" from dusk to dawn ") maintains a frenetic pace, with the unharmed film clocking in at a mere lxxxvi minute. a morsel less military action and a little more character development would have been nice, but helium does leave enough restrained moment for viewers to become full gift in the family. alexa lope de vega and daryl sabara make an agreeable brother and baby team, squabble the way tyke do, but coming together when it counts. antonio banderas and carla gugino are yet well as the parents; they quickly establish and maintain a big lusty interpersonal chemistry while keeping their tongues properly in cheek during the action mechanism scenes. even the usually rag alan cumming has some nice moments? a practical swarm - backed chat between his character and juni is one of the well segments in the film. make rodriguez added a few more scenes like that, 1 would have enjoyed the celluloid more (and i definitely could have lived without the glaring ware positioning for a certain mhz - ubiquitous party ). no matter, " undercover agent small fry " is a damn, offering fun for adults and children likewise. and just think, they make do to do information technology without sacrificing a undivided testicle. 