when i was grow up in 1970s, boys in my school used to separate into two groups, base on their activity movies preferences. the inaugural one, myself included, liked movies that have spectacular railroad car chases, lots of machinegun fervency and huge explosions. the latter unmatched preferred hong kong martial arts motion picture, plausibly because they could (or, to be more accurate, thought they could) imitate information technology stunts in the real life. ten afterwards, while refining my own cinematic taste, atomic number 53 began to apprise and actually like those movies, believably because of overexposure to shoot - em - upwards idiocy of 1980s ramboids. yes, most of the kung fu and other " warlike arts " flick embody cheap, they had predictable and formulaic plot, and asked very little of yield values aside from martial arts science. only, in the same time, those movies have their own rule and in the hands of capable managing director could suit a rattling guilty pleasure and source of relaxation. the best of those movies, unitary that passed the run of time and managed to keep its ain religious cult status after poop of century was enter the firedrake. made in 1973 in a joint hong kong - hollywood speculation, information technology comprise intended to bring bruce lee ' s skills and kung fu philosophy to the western audience. information technology succeeded, but information technology is still debatable whether by its ain merit operating theatre by the unfortunate and mysterious death of bruce lee that eternise the myth about that actor. lee plays a quiet shaolin monk world health organization is a warriorlike arts expert. he follow approached by interpol functionary who asks him to join tri - one year soldierly art tournament that is held on a remote island, possess and controlled by han, renegade shaolin thelonious sphere monk. interpol suspects that the martial art business follow hardly binding for narcotics, gun - running and prostitution operations and lee must find the evidence necessary for authorities to step in. gypsy rose lee accepts the commission because of personal reasons - o ' harra, han ' s brutal bodyguard constitute creditworthy for the tragical dying of lee ' s sister years ago. the island is also destination of two colorful soldierly arts experts from us - williams (played by jim kelly) represent inglorious activist operate from the racist police, and his friend roper require to make money in order to pay gambling debts. the plot of enter the flying dragon be in many ways influenced by james chemical bond (the 007 franchise itself would return favour by using kung fu elements in the man with the golden gun two years subsequently ). the independent hero was face against a exponent - thirsty megalomaniac on a remote island, alone against whole u. s. army of bad guys. on the other hand, gypsy rose lee was more credible hero than adhesion; deprive of guns and topnotch - tech gizmo, he had to rely only on his personal skills in order to live on. in the like time, the plot, although extremely sparse, allowed him still some internal struggle - between the innate instinct to revenge his sister and his own anti - vehement philosophy. the latter provided some opportunities to assess lee ' s act skills and some new elements to his impressive concealment bearing. although two former chief worker - john lackland saxon being the obligatory good white guy and jim kelly being the obligatory black serious guy - were intend to share top spot with lee, they served as zero more than a comic relief. it is a real shame to see kelly, definitely the worse doer than saxon, to slip the scenes from him only if because his telephone circuit, being the worst possible blaxploitation cliches, auditory sensation thus bloody over the top. early worker, not including shih kien who turns han into typical, although non very convincing bondian villain, are cypher more than fist fodder for sir david bruce lee (among them follow young jackie chan ). crusade scenes be still impressive today as they were 25 age ago, although they mostly lack gore associated with that musical style. in many direction they are as well more realistic (they were personally snitch by lighthorse harry lee himself ), demanding just a blow or two to incapacitate or toss off the opponent. i ' m not a martial arts expert nor the soldierly arts lover, but comparing those scene with typical scenes today i simply rear ' t avoid to appreciate the difference from today ' s movie fights when masses of bloody flesh manage to get up from the base and win in the end. so, despite all the obvious flaws that preclude this movie of being top one hundred of all time, enter the dragon is a incredibly entertaining piece of cinema and the martial arts flick that john represent enjoyed even by those who don ' t like that particular literary genre. 