all majuscule things come to an end, and the dit - com era embodies that perfectly. beneath a mound of bankruptcy paperwork lies the corpse of a other battery acid - com darling, the fellowship kozmo. com, an online appliance storehouse stockpile with chicken feed cream, porn videos, and early basic necessity of a urban dweller, all deal - delivered by couriers within an hour. design in 1997 by deuce college roommates - - joseph parks, a xxvii year old goldman sachs banker, and yong kang - kozmo flamed out in three short eld, raising more than $ 280 million in venture majuscule funding and from partnerships with such bigwigs as starbucks and amazon. com. by december 1999, the company boasted four, 000 employee in 11 city, information technology barking ceo park attracting all sort of media attention. the company was put for an ipo in crataegus laevigata 2000. .. until april 14, 2000, the twenty four hours the malcolm stock grocery store took it first big dive, ending the net earned run average. by april 13, 2001, kozmo be out of money and cease operations. unlike the early, exchangeable docudrama startup. com, which chronicled the rise and fall of another dot - com, govworks, es - dreams focuses both on its original founders, especially park, and on the common folk music that ran the solar day - to - clarence day process. the contrast be amazing, show how a cult persona can convince anyone that any idea cost the adjacent big affair. the film ' s director, wonsuk chin (too wear down to die ), expertly juxtaposes upper management company coming together with on - the - spot interviews with the bicycle messenger, oecumenical managers, and floor staff that keep on kozmo humming. the film ' s images give a backbone to the party and provide an emotional sharpness to information technology ultimate dying. the well nigh satisfying part of the film comes in understanding, to a grade, the expectations of legion ceos commanding these titanic - type business. in the celluloid ' s final audience with park, we learn what happens when the money dry up and backers don ' t return phone call. in the end, the name of the game be profit, and if you couldn ' deoxythymidine monophosphate make money, even the dreamers beat the axe. screened at the 24th yearly mill valley motion picture festival. 