oct sky be a rare oddity in cinema: a self - glorify " uplifting " cinema that live actually uplifting! based on the autobiographic record by home run hickam, rocket boys, october sky tells the struggle of four boys attain for their pipe dream. it ' s 1957, and for the boys of coalwood, west va, there ' s non much leslie townes hope of a rosy future. coalwood is a coal minelaying townsfolk, and, except for the few prosperous ones who get by to escape on a football game scholarship, most of coalwood ' s boys are destined to make for in the mine. but, in october 1957, an event happens that sparks 1 boy to dreaming. the launching of the soviet satellite sputnik sets homer hickam (jake gyllenhaal) to stargaze a future of rocketry and quad travel. of course, homer ' s parents (chris frank cooper and natalie canderday) aren ' t quite an certain what to make of their logos ' s unusual interest. homer gets his strongest encouragement from miss james whitcomb riley (laura dern ), a instructor in his schooling who likewise informs him about the scholarships offered to the winners of a national science bazaar. and so, with stars in his eyes, and thoughts of learnedness in his head, homer muster in the help of three other boy (william lee walter scott, chad lindberg and chris owen) and begins to work up a projectile. but, exercise these quaternion backwoods boys yet have the tenuous hope of escaping their destiny? there is a flock that could have gone wrong with october sky. nearly every episode flirts with becoming syrupy and cliched. yet, miraculously, october toss avoids virtually all of these pitfalls, making the exact ripe moves at the exact right prison term. a film emerges which manage to comprise powerful and incite without slipping into the gauzy haze of nostalgia or slew gloomy the sugarry incline of sappiness. jake gyllenhaal is outstanding as the thomas kid at the centre of this motion picture show. > from the starting time of the film, he embody immediately likable, and ne'er seems overly corny surgery brainy as to alien the audience. unfortunately, while october sky focuses on home run, the former terzetto nipper get the short end of the stick. they persist little more than placeholders reading " insert friend here ". of the adult in the film, chris cooper is the almost fully realized persona. the film never paints him as merely the villainous parent stand in the way of his child ' s dreams, simply, instead, shows the multihued portrait of a human race who wants the best for his family and ithiel town, but be too stubborn to realize what that be. music director joe johnson deserves much credit for successfully navigating the many obstacles that october sky manages to dodge. however, there are however a few occasions when helium take into account thing to proceed just a step excessively far. picture which be natural and inspiring starting signal to become contrived and artificial. however, these lapsing be minimum, and johnson quickly steer the movie back on course. the trouble with many thus - called " uplifting " films is that they attempt to draw their mediciney good down your pharynx. october sky never resort to that level, and nevertheless, manages to become a truly uplifting film strictly on its ain meritoriousness. 