reflecting on " dazzle, " a lively comedy about the old nick who seeks to possess the person of a pathetic loser, one sinful opinion stay on in my idea. if hell means have to drop an eternity with elizabeth hurley (world health organization portrays the fiery daemon ), then use that pitchfork and point me the way. with her pouty brim, resistless british accent, and idle display of haute couture, hurley crackle with naughtiness and fills your mind with temptation. information technology ' s practically unsufferable to turn this beelzu - infant down. her next target embody elliot (brendan fraser ), a tech support geek world health organization is fumbling, awkward, and just to a fault eager to please. to aptly picture him, you would sustain to commemorate a saturday night live skit featuring " steve the copy guy " world health organization effortlessly irritated his co - workers with his graceless social skills. eugene, thus, is loathed and dread by his co - workers, who serve their best to outride out of his way. until now, beyond his nettle idiosyncrasy, atomic number 2 ' s a lovable oaf. he wish that he could get closer to allison (france o ' connor ), a cobalt - proletarian with whom he be infatuate but who has never taken notice of him. however, the betting odds of him getting together with her are astir the like as a snowball ' s chance in hell. " dear god, " atomic number 2 beg. " i would give anything to receive that girlfriend in my life. " guess who then establish up? she make an offer that is overly arduous to refuse. " seven utterly fabulous wishes for 1 piddling little someone. " in that respect ' s yet an escape clause. if elliot ' s wish doesn ' t run exactly the way he likes, he want only ' bleep ' her (1 guess as to what the three - digit number is) and he gets to begin over. the rest of the film consists of elliot ' s various fantasies that incorporate his personal desire to have enormous amounts of wealthiness, power, fame and allison ' s love. merely when he makes sweeping statements such as " i want to be very, rattling brawny and very, very plenteous and conjoin to allison ", he ' ll soon hear that the devil be in the details. for illustration, (and we ' ve seen this several times in the trailers ), he exist granted his wish, but receive away that he ' s a columbian drug lord and that allison, while wed to him, has her eyes on somebody else. apparently, the devil is just as eager to skew his fantasies as she be to possess his mortal. his early wish also terminate up with some strange but funny twist that short - circuits his new life. soon, elliot wish that he ingest never made that heap. give the wicked nature of the devil, " bedazzled " has many amusing moments. a spate of the credit goes to fraser who turn in a not bad comic performance. he ably assumes various role. his funniest section is when helium wishes that he could be the most tender valet de chambre in the world. allison becomes thusly frustrated with him that she practically urges him to take advantage of her. hurley also heightens the humor quotient, peculiarly in the transitional scenery when fraser waits to start his adjacent wish after bailing out of the former unity. it ' s well defined that she ' s having a good sentence with it all. yet, while the film producer work hard at creating funny scenes, they prominently avoid developing the allegorical underpinnings between good and malevolent that could have added more heft to this chronicle. but that would comprise play with fire. what they ' ve got works, so you can easily accept it for the pleasant trivial funniness that information technology is. 