ace of the more strange and suggestively violent film ever so made, " se7en " is just a few steps away from brilliance. however, those few step away are merely a few steps from a level of evil and putrefaction that few people want to talk about. the film received mixed reviews upon release, but there ' s an underlying sinister appealingness and machination to this that many critic perhaps perform not poster. at times it gets preachy astir the horrors it seem to follow pick apart, but the book and the ultimate pay - off be excellent. the shocking determination is simply as unpredictable as the endings of most motion picture are predictable. this piece of employment is 100% loudness. information technology ' s uncomfortable to watch, yet obligate. " atomic number 53 need non to look, yet one cannot turn away. " the story creeps along slow and purposely, crafted by windy director david fincher. he has experience in tantalizing his audience with information and visions, simply not give away too much too soon. this live the guy who directed the menacing " alien troika ". " se7en " is even to a greater extent ominous because the threat is genuine. information technology ' s human being and, while the script take some esthetic licence, the room in which the diabolical killer works here is really naturalistic. that personify, if a human being could embody thus healthy, patient, wealthy, and disillusioned. after the to the highest degree flakey opening deferred payment i ' ve ever catch (refreshfully different in editing style and melodic accompaniment ), the initial character development takes place. morgan freeman champion as detective william somerset, a knowledgeable veteran who is ready to give up on his chore and the illness of beau monde. brad pitt co - virtuoso as detective jacques louis david mills, the young superstar world health organization is brand new to this unnamed city and full of fury to catch the bad guy. these 2 amercement player give the film its human qualities (along with the appeal gwyneth paltrow, who plays tracy, mill ' wife ). however, none of them stands out above the material. no disrespect intended, but deuce other actors could induce run these parting and the film probably would sustain been about the like. an ironic note be that summersault has alone a hebdomad (or 7, that ' s septet, days) lead on the force to train his young protege. the title of the picture also bring up to the seven lifelessly sins, as chronicle by john lackland john milton in " promised land lost " - - gluttony, greed, sloth, lust, superbia, enviousness, & wrath. by the way, i wrote the sins in ordering of how each dupe exist found. information technology ' s the last two sins that are the near challenging and shocking, only i won ' t break that away. as iodin said, this has a great ending and no single should bodge information technology. anyway, the vivid grampus sets out to make a statement to the world that these sinfulness will no longer equal tolerated and he make the " sinners " suffer for it. the two partners stumble ended the corpse of a grotesquely obese gentleman's gentleman. they hear that he was murdered - - force to eat himself to end. the killer leaves small clues at this and other murders and, of course, somerset and manufactory are smart plenty to stay with him all the direction. if they didn ' t, it would be one scant movie! the measured pace allows for craftsmanship of point and story. we run across a lot of line of descent, but information technology ' s not especially violent. the mesmerism of what go on is far more disgusting than anything actually shown - - like most of the violence in " mush fable ". " se7en " is gory, graphical, and disturbing, just whole the gore is brand - death. still, if you tend to catch queasy, don river ' t eat food during this film. kevin spacey play john the divine doe, the avenging holy man who lay claim that he ' s the courier who will correct the wrongs with his teaching. same many softheaded man, helium has some fine ideas, merely some sick ways of expressing himself. spacey doesn ' t appear until the final xxx minutes and too doesn ' t receive charge in the opening credits. however, it ' s his appearance that turns this movie upside down and for that he should get gotten an oscar nominating address. a great villain manages to lay down you either root for him or feel compelled to listen to his ramblings regardless of whether you agree with him operating theater not. this lineament is thus well written that information technology ' s hard to disagree when he says that what he is doing testament be remembered by everyone. no serial killer has e'er be so creative. " se7en " is blatantly broad with its messages astir the horrors of the world and information technology ' s often a little overly depress. what it lack in those area, it makes astir for with believable dialog, top - notch screenwriting, unexpected bend, and naturalistic characters. the technical scene of the film live unobtrusive. fincher uses light up, music, and editing quite advantageously, but his tale is constantly the drive of the film. luckily, we don ' t ascertain out what happens to mills and somerset after the closure credits (which are run backwards upward the screenland! ). it ' s better to imagine what paths they will be. this cost not the kind of film you deform away from and quick forget. it ' s set about a sinister message and john energy department cost right hand astir one thing - - the evils of the world aren ' mt break down to cure themselves. " se7en " arouse some tough question and information technology ' s healthy enough to allow its audience to answer many of those interrogation for themselves. useless trivia - - colorado - stars in 1995 ' s " se7en ", brad pitt and kevin spacey also vie for the 1995 near supporting histrion oscar - - pitt in " 12 monkeys ", spacey in " the usual suspects " (for which he won ). 