by at present one figured i ' ergocalciferol seen every alfred hitchcock celluloid at least a half - dozen times - - not that ace ' m complaining. to phone him the " master of suspense " is an understatement. the paradine case (1947 ), confessedly one of sir alfred hitchcock ' south lesser movies, turned proscribed to be one i ' viosterol overleap. this one, same all hitchcock films, represent comfortably worth savoring. the story opens with the plentiful mrs. maddalena anna paradine being arrested in her home for poison her blind married man. as mrs. paradine, alida valli play an aloof but alluring woman of the creation. to franz waxman ' s stark and moody euphony, we see the prison house guards divesting her of her luxurious garments and jewels. stripped of her fine array, she become a commoner again, which, as it turns come out, be what she comprise before she meet her husband. " a abbreviated skirmish, and you ' ll be lunch at the savoy cabbage over again, " anthony keane, her ultraconfident attorney tells her in their first meeting, predicting a fasting and well off trial. gregory peck play the successful and debonair barrister. " she ' s no murderess, " helium argues simplistically, smitten by her sweetheart. " she ' s overly ok a fair sex. " his posture upsets his beautiful and increasing green eyed wife, gay (ann sir alexander robertus todd ). unlike most hitchcock movies, which live centered on the thriller and the closed book, this one constitute more a quixotic melodrama. typical is the aspect in which gay fling her head back and shakes her hair while bathed in lightness. she deflect her husband ' s affections as she fears that atomic number 2 is beginning to settle in love with his client. the dramatic euphony then comes up high pitched as the camera dwell on mister. paradine ' s portrait nearby. in the comparatively unsatisfying first half, small happens other than domesticated squabbles and overtone of vivid adulterous desires. to the sound of sweeping violins gay william tell anthony that he must catch mr. paradine exonerate because, if mrs. paradine die, his heart will go with her. if she is free, helium will be able to forget her. as part of the soap opera house, a orphic joe louis jordan river plays mr. paradine ' s valet, world health organization suffer had some non to be discussed relationships. charles i coburn plays anthony ' s legal partner, sir simon flaquer. and charles the great laughton, world health organization looks like coburn, is judge noble horfield. this being right british society, they will all dine together at the judge ' s planetary house non long before the case begin. court idiot box junkies will probably pick astir the many differences, some subtle and others not, between the american and the british judicial systems. one, for example, of which single was non aware is that the barrister cannot speak to his own client during the recess if she be the process of testifying. one sometimes wonder what the honorary society is think when they prepare their oscar nominations. as the evaluator ' s married woman, lady sophie horfield, ethel barrymore got a nomination for good supporting actress - - the moving picture ' s only nomination - - for an inconsequential part with which she did little of virtue. ( so the big question constitute when dress hitchcock make his obligatory walk - on? at thirty seven minutes into the film, he go out a caravan place carrying a large musical instrument case. don ' t fille it. ) in the 2d half the report finally comes alive when it mystify into the courtroom. the great master shows his handwriting there as the tautness progress as rapidly in the second part as they lay fallow in the maiden. watch how the camera angle constitute sometimes from the back and other times from way on high to set the accurate tonus for the test ' s action. as susan anthony explains it, the round eyed causa let only deuce ace possibilities: mr. paradine poisoned himself, mrs. paradine did information technology, or the valet did information technology. the end includes many devastate revelations and some decent twists so it follow likewise bad the first half is so languid. the paradine cause runs 1: 53. the picture is in disgraceful and white. it make up non rated simply would be pg for mature themes and would be fine for nipper around nine and up if they are interested. 