in, " the muse " albert brooks plays steven phillips, a hollywood film writer world health organization after winning a human centred award for his work be dump by his studio apartment. they claim that atomic number 2 ' s lose his edge and his agent is fast to agree with them. he knows that he needs to drop a line something fresh and original and quick or else his career leave live complete. thence he turns to his " best " ally, jack (jeff bridge) another screenwriter world health organization ' s enjoyed succeeder after success. on the way over to jack ' s house steven see diddlyshit helping an attractive adult female (sharon stone) into a cab and begin to think: is atomic number 2 having an social occasion? when confronted, jack relunctently say him that this secret woman is, in fact, a muse, a mythological flesh who be conceive to have inspired all creativity, and have helped him garner his achiever. " she doesn ' t do any literal writing, " he make up severalise, " simply inspires you. " steven be excited by what he ' s hearing and asks jack to foretell her up to run into if she ' ll hire steven on as a new client. jackfruit arranges a meeting between the two and suggests that steven bring her a present, sooner something from tiffany ' due south. after the coming together the muse, sarah decides to take on steven, but at a price: she wants a suite at the four seasons and wants steven to perform odd tasks for her (like bring her salad in the middle of the night. ) steven ' s married woman (andy macdowell) sees him at a food store and doubt him about wherefore he has tampons in his waggon. steven confesses everything and, although at first suspicious, she later allows sarah to proceed into their guest room and eventually into their life sentence. the sole dubiousness for steven is if the muse embody worth all the trouble he ' s going through for her. and that ' s a question only metre testament tell. " the muse " be albert brook ' sixth film as author / director / actor (he co - wrote with monica johnson) and although information technology ' s a good moving picture it ' s not up to the level of his best works (" defending your life " and " mother " ). the trouble lies in the script, and for a flick that trust on its dialog for its humor, there aren ' t nearly as many jape as they are chuckles despite a few good one - liners. it has a great premise only doesn ' t deliver up to information technology ' s entire potential. just, i similar albert brooks in this film and atomic number 53 think that we can all identify with steven phillips a piddling bit. helium may whine and complain, but he just require to support his family and comprise well chosen. and i same sharon stone in this movie too; it ' s a decent change of gait for her. and i as well enjoyed the cameo featuring the like of rob reiner, james cameron and martin scorsese. and although " the muse " doesn ' t take in every bit much to say around hollywood as robert altman ' s " the player " single still left the theater feeling good. and that ' s something i wish i got prohibited of more movies. 