if this keeps up, jane austen (sensory faculty and sensitivity, superbia and bias) may have to enforce for posthumous membership to the screen writers guild. yet another novel of hers receive made the transition to the ag screen. mansfield park is a crook of the century (18th century proceed on 19th) story about love among the class equally intimately as an examination into proper society and household tie. ten year old fanny price (hannah taylor - gordon, jakob the liar ), taken from her female parent and father and the poverty in which they dwell, is send to live with her aunty and the privileged year at mansfield park, nether the stern patriarchal hand of her uncle, sir thomas bertram (harold pinter, mojo ) spending her days reminded of her low down status, she besides invents and writes fanciful story during her private clock time. keister finally farm to go a beautiful, sound, and engaging heroine (quite unlike the original case which ms. austen originally penned in her novel. ) author / director patricia rozema (when night is falling) is responsible for for the textual changes. from a purely spectacular perspective, the rescript cook perfect sense and improves the picture show ' s audience appeal. what ms. rozema have done is to infuse the main part with much of ms. austen ' s own personality by admit extract from the author ' s journals, give that dialogue to fanny. the result represent a central fictional character that is immediately appealing. as the fully grown fanny, australian actress french republic o ' connor (all about adam) does wondrously textured work. at metre, ms. rozema has fanny address the tv camera immediately to communicate many of the novel ' randomness more introspective observations. this be a difficult device to mold seamlessly into a time period film and it is to ms. group o ' connor ' s deferred payment that it forge as well as it does. the central theme which give the story information technology stage in an old one. .. whether information technology is comfortably to marry for love or for societal standing? fanny has fallen in love with her cousin edmund (jonny shelton jackson lee miller, plunkett & macleane) who appear fond of her every bit well. his attentions embody soon divided as the stylish and socially satisfactory mary crawford (embeth davidtz, bicentennial valet de chambre) enters the picture along with her as acceptable brother henry (alessandro nivola, inventing the abbotts) world health organization eventually sets his romanticistic sights upon fanny. while mary and henry are evidently less than sincere in their affections, their comportment does provide the movie and the main characters with the necessary struggle that keeps our interest until the film ' s fitly austen - like ending. early thematic devices let in a awkwardly inserted reference to the rootage of the wealth of mansfield ballpark. .. the slave barter. there is also a hint of both sapphism and incest simply neither constitute impart real far and is soon bury. the motivating for matrimony remains the elementary thematic thrust. fanny ' s first cousin, calophyllum longifolium bertram (victoria william rowan hamilton, view) is an example of one making a poor equal, marrying a easily - to - do fool who is able to earn her comfortable, merely never happy. hind end ' s ain mother, trapped in her chosen lifespan of squalor warns fanny by admitting that her situation be referable to the fact that she " married for love. " buns, return those two direful model, and face with the same choice is understandably indecisive as to which way to tilt. the phantasmal answer, of course, lie in the middle of those two extremum. marriage embody not a cold, depend determination based upon ego - preservation. neither is it a witless decision made in the warm afterglow of a passionate embracement. in the purest good sense, marriage forms an insoluble union whereby deuce people agree to function as unity. " and said, for this lawsuit shall a military man forget father and female parent, and shall cohere to his wife: and they twain shall be 1 human body? " saint matthew 19: 5 [kjv ] love and logic can be merge. divinity ' s watchword contains both. so does a wedlock based upon his true statement. 