at foremost glance, leash kings looks to be just another war picture, the ninety interpretation of all those favored war film with names i cannot remember. the 90s edition, it definitely be, only another war movie? not in your dreams! imagine pulp fabrication coming to saving secret ryan, that  s three world beater for you. believe information technology operating theatre non, it bears the cool of the former and the stark humane meaning of the latter. the story bring in the states to the twilight of the disconnection war, with the confederate troops victorious. majpr archie gates (clooney) leads an enterprising bunch of grunt to a preferably irregular post - war looting fling; the millions in gold cake secretly stowed away by saddam in a desolate village in the desert. as the rest of the troops are celebrate their victory and fetch ready to be shipped base, this ` groundless bunch  get awol on an build up hum - vee (the vehicle of choice of the us regular army ). they soon find out that they give birth much electrical resistance, as they baffle dishevel with the local rebellion against saddam  siemens forces. frequently switching their modes between looters and robin hood  s merry men, they turn consciously attacked by their own lesson. as the photographic film start to twine, it look to have a kinda ` light  mood to information technology. ` special  effect such as when gate describes to his man how a bullet ass kill plainly paves the means for a light - hearted funny action movie. three magnate be much smarter than that. as the dispute becomes more and to a greater extent complex, the consultation will be trapped in a limbo, trying to stay rivet on that light - climate / serious - modality that the film appear to portray. i personally get hold this analogous to the like feeling of the primary characters involved in the plastic film; ensnare between their initial programme paved by greed and their own sense of human beings. this simply make the full experience of watching troika kings truly brilliant. action at law sequences are not shot as your old - fashioned warfare films nor anything similar steven spielberg  s in - your - cheek war violence. they live carefully built to bring forth tension with just the right tight close - ups and pauses, rightfield before the activity starts. not john woo for certain merely more than of sergio leone  s spaghetti western style (tons of them starring clint eastwood ). great performances by clooney and wahlberg but the blaze have to lie in the conception of this moving picture show; the film writer and the director. three kings rank among the full films of the year, well, for me at least. extremely recommended. 