one of kyle mclachlan ' s earlier cinematic feature of speech, this picture show has had an obvious influence on such picture show as the eradicator (8 / 10 ), species (septenary / 10) and the to a greater extent recent, fallen with denzel washington. plot of ground: a scientific discipline - fiction picture set in modern times, this thriller play along the feat of an " entity " from outer outer space, who like to inhabit human bodies, use them up until they are completely worn out, and then switch over to the next available receptacle. fbi agent (mclachlan) and local top bull (nouri) are charged with the gaining control of this " thing " before it ' s too late. review: this fast - pace, urban eq of the thing (8 / decade ), checks in on all cylinders for ultra - violence (god bonk how many people died in this movie ), activeness and an overall rock 'n' roll ' n roll attitude. and so again, how fire you get going unseasonable with an " stranger " that likes the ferraris, guns, laborious metallic element music and sexy girls?! granted, the plot isn ' t the near elaborate of tales (alien bad, bump alien, kill noncitizen ), but i can honestly say that one be never once tire during the screening of this entire scene. i wouldn ' t urge information technology to those world health organization don ' thymine like car chases, murders, and bland performing, but for all the rest of you out there, those world health organization enjoy putting away their brains every now and once again, sitting back, bang back some salsa ' d nachos, and enjoy in the cheeze some call film. .. experience a blast!! two scene to determine for are both within the first 10 moment of this gore - fest. the opening succession exist one of the most rockin ' scene to unfold any action movie, and the subsequent extra - planetary " shift " be another eye - catcher. still the late 80 ' s especial personal effects were okay. followed by the hidden ii in 1994. little known facts: this picture represent kyle maclachlan ' siemens first non - david lynch foray into the world of feature films. his first 2 motion picture appearances make up in lynch ' s wretched dune (4 / decade) and the sensational wild blue yonder velvet (octonary. 5 / 10 ) 