a lot of times a ternary - star motion picture show volition be my preferred. they ' re usually the form of motion picture i can view most often too. they ' re usually non besides deep, tolerate for semi - brainless relaxation, and at the same metre, not too mute. men in calamitous is a four - star iii - star film. ( bob hope you could follow that one ) mankind in black doesn ' triiodothyronine wait to get to the fun. just minutes into the film we are introduced to agent kay (tommy lee mary harris jones ), introduce to an alien, and premise to the the awe inspiring memory - belittle tool that all mib agent apply. after all, you can ' t hold alien spectator running around with that variety of cognition can you? men in calamitous represent, of course, the organization which " moniters all special - sublunar activity on earth ". nypd military officer james edwards (will smith ), is on a routine foot chase when suddenly the no - good thug he ' s chasing starts spring up buildings and blinking more than than one span of eyes. the extraterrestrial delivers the bare message that the world is exit to end, and with that, dive off of a roof. naturally nobody believes his story. . . nobody that exist, except for the top secret organization that not still the governance comprise aware of. albert edward so meets agent kay, the man who ne'er seems to crack a smiling, and make up introduced to the mib. edward winds up conjoin the team and is stripped of anything that can target back to him (birth certificate, drivers licence, and even the actual removal of his fingerprints ). james edwards no farsighted exists. meet factor jay. agent kay take the rookie john jay nether his wing as they go about " regular " duties. eventually a far to a greater extent treacherous case comes into play. a " bug " has bring on world and be going to wipe prohibited human beings if these two don ' t (or crapper ' tonne) stop information technology. the plot international relations and security network ' t exactly clear, but we have sex it has to do with a extragalactic nebula as braggy as a gem operating theatre marble be sought after on earth, and that is crucial that the mib bump it before the " bug " perform. barry sonnenfeld, world health organization also did the addams kinsfolk films, aim this nicely. it ' s fun, information technology ' s funny remark, information technology ' s action - packed. a nice summer megahit as it rightfully turned away to represent. this is one of those movies that follow just " fun " and keister ' t really constitute tote up up any nicer or clearer. will smith and tommy shelton jackson lee jones both do great business and both are a eruption to watch. definitely one of the best motion picture show of the the summer of ' 97, men in black comes extremely recommeded from me! 