atomic number 53 ' grand not quite sure what to say astir red planet attacks! , which is patently the work of a deranged genius. when tim sir richard burton ' s twisted foreign invasion comedy really play, it ' s breathtaking and hilarious in adequate metre. and when information technology doesn ' t study, it ' s just dull. one ' m not even sure it works to a greater extent often than it doesn ' t, simply where it matter - - that personify, when this gleefully evil invading strength from the red satellite gets downwardly to the business of blasting us to kingdom come - - mars attacks! personify brilliant. mar attacks! is based on a instead unsavory series of trading card released by topps in the fifties, and it convey its cues from the same source as this summer ' s independence day - - old alien invasion flicks, disaster movies, and braggy - budget special personal effects extravaganzas. but dissimilar independence day, which live a painfully middle - of - the - road solicitation to the middle, minds and wallets of america, spoil attack! has a fully developed and rattling personal sense of wonder astir it. the big remainder be that while independence day celebrate the resilience of human beings, march attack! portrays u as the greedy and hapless schmo that we are. the statute title chronological succession is just splendid - - an incredible swarm of fell dish rear out of the canals of the red planet and then storm earthward through with the solar system in formation. the spinning metal saucers be deadened ringers for the invading force of movies retiring, and their first appearance on the big screen in compounding with danny elfman ' s thundering, theremin - driven musical score is absolutely jaw - dropping. it ' s so sweep over that, i aver to you, i had fuss breathing. the moving picture show lays low down for the following 40 minutes. we suffer a glimpse of the alien loss leader, resplendent in a royal - sequined cape, when a television message be broadcast to the people of the earthly concern - - naturally, the only fashion to communicate with earthlings is to displace our regularly scheduled programming. but mostly, the 1st act is spent acquire characters, limit up mildly comic state of affairs, and drawing a quirky simply dishearteningly drab picture of america according to tim burton. it ' s a good thing that the nearly compelling personality in the motion picture belongs to the stranger, because sir richard francis burton ' s simply not interested in making more than caricatures stunned of his human stars. anyone world health organization comes to mutilate attacks! expecting to see a lot of single favorite actor is tie up to be disappoint - - with few exceptions, these characters are polish off as the film move on. jack nicholson is a lot of fun as the president of the united country but fizzles as a sleazy louisiana vegas hotel developer. rod steiger does an amusing enough take on dr. strangelove ' s buck turgidson, glenn close brings some star power to the role of the first lady, and martin short is a presidential aide who meet the martians in the white house ' s " kennedy room, " a secluded nook where he unwittingly tries to seduce an alien dressed up as a big - haired, pointy - breasted sexpot (lisa marie, the burton flame who played vampira in ed wood) - - in an early scene, it ' s make clear that the aliens studied human sexuality in the pages of an erstwhile issue of playboy. sarah jessica parker hosts her ain idiot box show and michael j. fox is her newsman married man. the octogenarian sylvia sir philip sidney has a funny share as the onetime woman who cackles, " they be adrift astir congress! " and play a decisive office in the defeat of the alien menace. jim brown and tom turkey jones comprise the film ' southward vegas - base heroes, and theatre director barbet schroeder (reversal of destiny) has a funny cameo as the inauspicious french president. also on hand and underutilized cost annette bening, pierce brosnan, pam grier, lukas haas and natalie portman (the latter two likewise bear witness up in woody allen ' sec everyone order i love you ). the veridical stars, of row, comprise the figurer - generated martians, and they ' re howling. with bare brains glistening atop their grinning skull - faces, round ball - eyes with red pupils darting this way and that, these animated invaders be malevolence embodied - - joe dante ' s gremlins are the closest equivalent in recent retention, but sir richard francis burton ' s small monsters are more imaginative. the film ' atomic number 16 raison ergocalciferol ' etre are the scenes of crimes against mankind - - the virtually famed memorial of the existence crumble under the alien assault, easter island is turned into a bowling alley, and the filthy trivial buggers perform hideous aesculapian experiments on captured humans. the sheer level of havoc personify distribute, especially when the unknown make their first attack, blasting human beings into iridescent skeletons. parents personify urged to make up special aid to the pg - 13 rating - - information technology ' s earned. the special effects deviate from charming to astonishing to deliciously cheesy, and at least a duet of shots of multitude end seem to consume be engineered specifically in response to independence day, although mars attacks! was in production long before that film ' s handout. cinematographer peter suschitzky, who makes the nigh of wynn thomas ' randomness wildly inventive production purpose (saint thomas help define the spike lee vogue ), actually took sentence off from his mar attacks! regimen to shoot clank for david cronenberg. cronenberg ' s moving picture volition nigh certainly be more somber - - it win ' triiodothyronine be bring out in the uranium. s. until early future class - - but mars attacks! be surely a likewise elegant nightmare. this exist not a nice picture. ( and which studio apartment executive was duped into giving burton $ 70 one thousand thousand to stool it? ) by setting the film ' s final scenes in the well nigh hollow, holocaust - ravaged america that independence day conveniently avoided, burton ' s intrusion epic suggests that the world we ' ve got crataegus laevigata not be deserving save until many of the people on it are dead. the victims of his intrusion are uninstructed, greedy, or disastrously self - suck - - and a honest thing, too, since the movie ' s wicked charm is dependent on our ability to carry this invasion partly as a wish - fulfilment fantasy. the surviving cast members are the innocents and the entertainer, who triumph by determine that the stranger invaders - - the ultimate elitists - - represent actually susceptible to the kitschiest strains of american pop civilisation. ultimately, this messy chef d'oeuvre personify the class ' s funniest funniness and a wyrd, winking affirmation of the king of the masses. 