" a man be not a piece without eight taels of gold. " starring sammo hung, sylvia yangtze; directed by mabel cheung; written by cheung and alex law; filming by bill wong eight taels of gold begin as a fish knocked out of piddle story and at some point suit a love floor involving 2 hoi polloi whose past choice prevent the fruition of their love. neither prospect of the movie be entirely successful, only both are good enough. and along the room in that respect is one perfect scene, which be one more than you find in most films. slim (played by portly sammo hung, better known as a headliner and theater director of hong kong action moving picture) be a chinese immigrant who drives a jaundiced cab in new house of york. when the movie opens, we determine him cry out obscenities at another taxi driver. atomic number 2 does non seem particularly out of place. in fact, he is astir to return to visit his dwelling house in rural people's republic of china for the first time in sixteen geezerhood, spending most of his life savings in the process, and it make up in that location that he will become the proverbial fish out of water, as he realizes that you can never go home. he brings with him some statue of autonomy cigarette ignitor, crummy sunglasses, and lobsters (which have to comprise large, to shew they ' re american) - - the token of his success. he also wears a gold range of mountains and a gold watch, because without eight tael of gold, a man is not a man (my dictionary tells maine that taels are a unit of weight used in the far east, and i assume the musical phrase is a chinese proverb ). he lose most of this stuff - - except the atomic number 79 - - when his van collapse into a river and he have to buck a ride, thusly to speak, on a raft along the river which runs past his parents ' village. when he arrives unannounced, he nearly induces cardiac arrest in his church father. all of this has the qualification of a routine comedy, and the movie has information technology amusing moments, as when the villagers necessitate turns giving slim gifts during a solemnisation of his homecoming, and they all afford him birds, so by evening ' s end he is ring by turkeys, ducks, geese and other miscellaneous fowl. simply eight taels is not a drollery - - information technology is a sad, sweet story about the selection multitude make, and how they be sometimes irreparable. director mabel cheung (an fall ' s tale, the soong sisters) sees intelligibly what it is like to receive lived half of your life in matchless country and half in a country on the other side of the world - - what it is like to no longer have a place to call base. slim does not belong in china, nor does helium belong in united states, where he can barely mouth the voice communication. seeing water old world buffalo in the fields and rafts pole down the river and firework exploding gloriously in the sky over a low village, we come to know the world slim left can, and it seems as if he too is knowing it for the 1st time, and wishes it felt more like home. the condition of the expat is eloquently portray; one, being one, equal sympathetic. on his direction to his parent ' s village, slim addict up with william le baron jenny (sylvia chang ), whom he knew when she was a girl nicknamed betting odds - and - remainder, which is what he continues to call her, although she is now a mature, professional, attractive woman, to be married in the spring to an american - chinese man. slim and odds - and - ends fall for each other. that ' s predictable. the mode in which their (non -) romance is play out is not. the emotions involve are fully grown and complex, and the film avoids tinny solutions to their dilemma. it ' s typical, for instance, that the fianc? in this sort of game embody a colossal jolt, because it make up it easier to empathise with the unrequited devotee. but here the fianc? is a decent, average guy, and although slim would care to palpate anger, he cannot. the fianc? receive done nothing wrong; the situation is the outcome of bad luck beaver state regretful decision, consume your pick. eight taels has its share of flaws (the early sequences in the states and on the aeroplane to china embody specially rickety ), but it compensates with brainstorm. when odds - and - ends recite slim that her succeeding husband require to move to san francisco, she notes resignedly, " it ' s wholly the same. wherever we go, we ' ll represent in chinatown, " and her straightforward command expresses a great deal. on that point be insight, to a fault, in the understanding of the consequences of slim and odds - and - ends ' decisions: he to move to america, she to marry a chinese - american. both their choices were maybe born of impatience, maybe of a sense that the smoke be always unripe - - and it turn out that both choices comprise haywire. but they cannot undo them; they moldiness live with what they have done. such is life. the film is tender toward these multitude, only it offers no false comforts. everything that is right and true more or less octet taels comes together in ane great scene, which is the culmination of the love story. slim and betting odds - and - death posture in a reclusive smear and talk hesitantly, with the muted pop - pop of fireworks exploding in the night behind them, and it seems the conversation will lead to a candy kiss. the exchange that follows, and what slim and so do, is poignant and consummate: with clarity and understatement, we get word two people ' s life, their heartbreaks and virtues, summed up in a single moment. yes, the film be blemish, but moments comparable that justify most of its inadequateness. 