octet year after information technology release, disney has decide to re - release the little mermaid stagily for 17 days (and 17 long night) only. coincidentally, it was reintroduced to theatre the same day fox ' sulfur animated picture show anastasia was exhaust. you know disney, they can ' t deal with the threat of any other studio getting even a small piece of the crust of the kiddie entertainment pie, so when someone else wants to make a little money, they counter with an sometime " masterpiece " from their burial vault and, you bed what, i went to attend this 1989 cartoon rather than the brand new one from fox. let no one say disney be losing it monopoly on the market. they still cause hotels on boardwalk _and_ park position. consider information technology or not, today, november 25, 1997, at v: 05 p. g. , i interpret the short mermaid for the world class time. it took me a few years to get over an distaste to this movie that was induce seven years ago, when single stayed with one of my mama ' s friends for a couple hebdomad. they had a immature child world health organization listened to the picayune mermaid soundtrack constantly and, over that 2 week period, 1 heard every song from the movie probably a 100 times. by the time i got back home, i prognosticate myself i ' d ne'er see the pic. but promises are make to be broken, especially when you ' re count at a xvii - day, modified interlocking. tinker's damn those shrewd disney vendor and their mind games. the small mermaid constitute base on a han christian anderson fairy narration, but information technology ' s disney - ized, which mean lots of talking animals and bursting into call. information technology too means the heroine is a full babe world health organization shows off cleavage from a seashell bra at all time. i ne'er wanted so much to follow a couplet of shell. .. the heroine, of course, is ariel (voice of jodi benson ), a xvi - year - previous mermaid who be going through with that rebellious phase angle. she hop her concert to explore a wrecked ship and hang out with a seagull that talk comparable pal hackett, who try to orientate her to the mysterious world of humans. she ' s also mete out with feeling she hasn ' t had before - - which come when you get scales in places you didn ' t use to make them - - about a handsome prince (no disney film would be complete without peerless ). her father, king triton of the merpeople, stringently forbids such lusting after the ways of the " savage " humans, in a condemnation that reads as a non - so - subtle analogy about honest to goodness - fashion parents who disallow interracial geological dating. what ' s a king to coif, though? the young woman ' s in love and still total destruction of her small shrine to the human cosmos doesn ' t deter her. ariel saves the prince ' s liveliness when a hurricane rises upward, and just take to cope with him. she construct a deal with ursula, the sea beldam (vocalism of pat carroll ). you know she ' s evil because she get a brobdingnagian potbelly and one of the worst asses in cartoon history. she also has octopus tentacles for foot (something those dr. scholl ' s edible corn pads will not fix) and offers to aid ariel out. she ' ll gain her a human for three day if ariel will break up her pretty voice; ariel has three days to make that prince kiss her, or else she becomes a slave to the enchantress forever. and if she goad her finger on a sewing political machine operating theater eats an evil malus pumila, she ' ll fall asleep forever. it ' s a simplistic game, yes, only the short mermaid was a rotation in the walter elias disney world, coming after such lackluster sweat as the black cauldron and joseph oliver and fellowship. information technology ranks as one of the best disney sketch, sure enough since the ' 50s. all the elements are there - - memorable songs like " under the ocean " and " kiss the girl, " animated cartoon animals same sebastian and flounder, an evil villain world health organization still induce characterization and charm, and a fair amount of humor that caters to adults equally well as children. the picayune mermaid be deserving a big - screen ticket in 1997, thence hurry up, you just have quintet days left. serve america for more than 1 / twenty fifth of a century! 