clew is an below the belt disregard funniness, rattling similar to 1976 ' s murder by death. this self aggrandising screen version of the classical add in game (what ' s next. .. sloping trough and run: the motion picture?) is filled with slapstick trick and lightheaded dialogue. the plot, for what it ' s charles frederick worth, has all the characters from the game (in this case, the name from the game be use as assumed name) encounter in an isolated mansion house to confront mr. boddy (downwind ving ), the man who ' s been blackmailing them all. when atomic number 2 turns up dead, everyone (include the hearing) must figure ko'd whodunnit. .. and in what way, and with what object. while non equally witty as neil simon ' mho murder by death, clue definitely have information technology moments. it has so many moment in fact that 1 use a lot of the lines from the flick when i ' m joking around with my friends. to this day, whenever individual say the idiomatic expression " well, to make a recollective level short " i have the follow up idiom " too late " ready to go. the cast (all rattling good comedic talents) play substantially off one another, while the late madeline kahn (as the darkness and sultry mr. white) sometimes steals the film away from the quietus. and colleen camp, as the gallic maid yvette, expose some of her natural talents as intimately. clue is available on videodisk from paramount home video. it let in the moving picture show in its original theatrical facial expression ratio of 1. lxxxv: 1 (and be enhanced for 16x9 televisions) and features the original theatrical trailer. a french language audio track be too available. the trailer withstand upward well considering most prevue from that fourth dimension do non, and it still includes a scene not in the film itself (a scene that should take in been in the film, as information technology ' s a good joke ). as well, the dawdler be scored to the music from airplane! , which was an interesting choice. when cue played in theaters, it run with the doojigger of three unlike endings. if you wanted to learn all trinity, you had to go to the picture show three separate times. and then when the film was released on place video, rather than let go terzetto separate videos, all three end were included on one mag tape. .. the first deuce endings being " what if? " endings and the third ending exist the genuine ending. right away for the dvd release you draw two choice. you can watch the film as it was represent on domicile video or you can select to look out it with one of the trey conclusion indiscriminately chosen for you. ( note: in that respect ' s an easter testis hide in the disc refer to this. after watching the celluloid with a at random selected terminate, when you revert to the menu screen you testament follow able to highlight the tumid magnifying glass and select it. when you do, a cloak and dagger menu opens, tolerate you to watch out any of the three endings by themselves. ) now while i applaud the effort of paramount here, as they clearly tried to do something particular with the magnetic disk, information technology just doesn ' t work advantageously. for the first time, why non give the viewer the choice of what cease we want to watch? maybe someone like myself world health organization ' s seen the movie hundreds of times would wish to seat down and show information technology to individual with the second ending merely. ace ' m no technological dvd expert, but i can ' t imagine that being to a fault hard to accomplish. secondly, the delay between when the film itself ends and i of the endings start be too prospicient and too obvious, thereby becoming a beguilement right when you definitely don ' t need a misdirection. finally, the back of the videodisc case states " and straight off, with this particular videodisk edition, you can construe all 3 surprise termination ". i cause no idea wherefore they would countersign it that direction, since that ' s non a especial feature in the slightest. the video hold been out for fifteen long time straight off (good divine, has it been that long?) and it ' s played on tv with all triad endings all the fourth dimension. these live merely nonaged complaints yet, seeing that i ' ve learn the home video version hundreds of times and have no problem watching the film as such on the videodisc. the picture and sound are wonderfully improved over my wear extinct vhs transcript, and iodine ' m thrilled that paramount agrees with me that clew is a film worthy of being bear on on this groovy digital format. [ pg ] 