john cusack is the variety of actor who appear to effortlessly slide into his respective picture show part. so effortlessly that people tend to forget atomic number 2 ' s there, much in the way people rarely recall many of the capital character actors (anyone who tin can put the public figure james rebhorn with that actor ' s grimace is invited to treat themselves to a product from one of my sponsors ). example: the early mean solar day my mother asked me (the expert, of course) if there were any moving picture out worth visual perception, never mind that our tastes couldn ' t be more diverging - - - one ' ll never forget the day she recommended that i go see a night at the roxbury for god sakes, and to be fair she was mightily pissed at me for telling her that go! was a hatful of play (which it is ), so i didn ' thymine see this as anything more than than a fruitless attempt at conversation. single murmur, with a picayune trepidation, that she might enjoy high fidelity. she respond with her usual enquiry, " whose in that one? " this is a question whose answer that seems to forthwith arouse up the variety of film you went to see. if the reply cost julia roberts you probably assume it was something wispy and light, a sylvester stallone movie and you picture a bloodletting with few words and much nonvoluntary bicep flexing, and a woody allen movie means hyper articulated clean multitude (usually of the judaic faith) fretting about in some upper east side palace. anyway, when i answered " lavatory cusack ", she replied with a kinda stunned " who? ", as if it was excessive for her to bang whom atomic number 53 be referring to. now i recognize for a fact that my mother has seen several cusack motion picture show, most late exist john malkovich and pushing tin, but i suppose it ' s understandable that she would not recognize the name, after all, for most, name calling be tougher than faces. i showed her a delineation of cusack ' s mug in the newspaper publisher hoping for an " buckeye state - him, yes he ' s quite good " or else i got a " no - i don ' tonne know him ". at this point i represent way beyond defeat into a realm of nose hair yanking anger (yes, filmic ignorance is all it takes to get me into the nose hair pulling zone ), till i realized something: i doubt that much of america would recognize cusack ' s relatively bland visage, or yet the name which is rather bland compared to the chilliness of a brad pitt or tom sail, one - syllable names that glide off the tongue with the velocity of a speed car. cu - liberation. cu - sack - no, non quite a as cool. i ' m sure that 20 years from now cusack volition forever cost refer to as " the bozo from (add in the cusack film of your choice) ". he ' s non a make name, and his moving picture ordinarily aren ' t big moneymakers, but in his ain unassuming way of life he ' s kind of a brilliance. with his pleasant, common man depend, and becharm semi - articulate blatherings atomic number 2 has get one of the most likeable romanticistic leading serviceman of the ninety ' s. from the sure thing to say anything cusack has flux the talents of former tom tom hanks and early jack lemmon. despite the fact that well nigh every grapheme atomic number 2 plays is a variation of the character before information technology (the schlumpy every gentleman's gentleman ), he ' s a incessantly enjoyable screen part, like albert brooks operating room woody allen. and he knows how to chose script, while the stephan baldwin ' s and val kilmer ' s seem to put them selves in everything (the former in reality had the insight to follow up oscar winner usual suspects with a pauly shore vehicle, and judging from his latest projects it looks like he still has yet to fire his agent ), cusack more often than not picks pay back projection (save for the unwatchable hot pursuit, a 1988 film also featuring a young ben stiller ). high fidelity be his 2d collaboration with hit or miss english managing director stephan veneration (the grifters, the hawai'i - lo nation ), and it ' s a hit. information technology was too co - save by cusack, and some of his collaborators on the terrific drollery, grosse degree blank. it ' s not quite as entertaining or equally funny as that film, just as it shape up in its meandering fashion, the picture cast something of a spell over me. high fidelity begins as a hipster ode to the non - commitment rob, a vinyl record shop possessor, who opens the film by breaking down the fourth wall with much abandon and educating us in his " top five break ups list ". this is something cusack does the entire film a lanthanum ferris bueller ' s twenty four hours cancelled. at first the talking - directly - into - the - camera - shtick have pine tree state vaguely annoyed, mostly because it reminded me so much of the picture body shots which used a alike amour propre, but it get to grow on me due almost solely to cusack ' s witty delivery. he ' s the kind of guy wire we don ' t mind spill directly to us. gradually the film settles into a shampoo - like tragi - comic character study, of a cat who mustiness confront himself and his personal failures in decree to figure stunned the true individual he is (yes information technology ' s all really existential ). though that plot - line be mostly enjoyable, the thing i care the most about the photographic film is how much pleasure it provide in introducing us to small case, all of whom (now this is really something) are terrific enough to warrant their own films. the best of which be jack black (of the very funny appearance recollective d, a program that sadly went the way of life of bruce willis ' hair? ?? unluckily that annoying smirk rest ), an ardent book store employee who bullies customers into buying just what he wants them to buy. he ' s the kind of guy ace ' m sure we ' ve all met before, a blowhard who thinks he ' s forever right and will do anything in his power (be it yell, argue, abuse) to hoist his opinion onto others. but i like this guy wire, because of how black play him. the actor be portly with a round baby face and crazy eye, but despite his size he leaps to and fro alike a manic speed freak (which mightiness represent a bit of a redundant description, seeing as how all the speed freaks i know are manic ). atomic number 2 ' s the kind of patronise character who would cost impossibly annoying laughable relief in most other films. ( facial expression at what that hack jan de bont do to wretched phillip seymour hoffman in twister ). merely fears and black ne'er let that happen. the character, for all his shucking and jiving is plunge in realness. atomic number 2 ' southward complete the top, but in a way we can all probably relate to. catherine zeta - inigo jones, in her brief purpose, give a lifelike portrayal of a adult female completely enamored with her ain " charm ". tim robbins registers in an still midget part as a new age - eccentric, a character encounter entirely for cartoon yuks, but still manages to work on it desired comic effect. the one exclusion in the acting department is a bite of a doozy, the main love interest played by danish actress iben hjejle (mifune ), who completely obliterates any vestige of a danish accent, replacing information technology with a hokey american phonation. unity give her kudos for attempting such a contradictory role, but instead of being likeable, she comes across as rather robotic, and as such information technology ' s hard to see why cusack ' s fictitious character would be so obsessed with her especially when helium has a beautiful, intelligent author (natasha gregson wagner) potentially waiting in the wings. this reminded me of say anything, where the charming cusack was paired with the charmless ione skye, and in midnight in the garden of good and evil where the poor bastard had to put up with alison eastwood (whose unbelievably more wooden then father, clint for those " special people " whose wheels change by reversal a short slow ). in fact cusack exist rarely paired up with a personality that matches his, though single ' d bet that if laura and natasha switched roles, the upshot would constitute more effective. high fidelity works almost wholly on the strength of information technology characters and performances. fears ' direction is somewhat stilted, and the script is sometimes a little too (and this is a word i ' m beginning to detest to use but alas i must) quirky for information technology own good (i think i ' ll blame that on scott rosenberg, who judging from what atomic number 2 did with beautiful girls, con air, and thing to exercise in denver while your dead, has his fingerprints all ended the most irritating bits of this movie ). just cusack really does merit an award, for being and then bloody? ?? cusackian. i ' megabyte afraid that his talents are thusly understated that atomic number 2 may have to wait till his hip need replacing to be offer such an award worthy of his considerable talent. his character, rob (whose sort of like an older, more bitter lloyd from allege anything) follow comic and tragic without being pathetic, and that cusack can suffice all this, and still non imprint himself onto the intellect of most audiences, be something of an accomplishment. 