information technology may seem weird to start a film astir glam rock with a sequence that includes a spaceship, a green ovular pin, and the birth of oscar wilde, only if unmatched really strain, they can see that perhaps maybe these connections are not half off. wilde ' s philosophy make up that everyone should be straight to their own human nature, and the result of his following this ism was that atomic number 2 be imprison, liberate his family and his career. the glam rock music move in the early 70s in england throw a similar take and came to a similar demise. the primary difference was by place make up on their case and acting out on their deepest fantasies and inquiries astir life (largely dealing with androgony and sexuality ), they became to a lesser extent and to a lesser extent like themselves and more and more like everyone else. and that ' s wherefore the movement seemed to end as soon as information technology begin. information technology ' s been said that todd haynes ' " velvet goldmine, " the film that chronicles what it comprise corresponding to follow a part of the movement, not only from those who experienced information technology but by those who created information technology, steal a lot from " citizen kane, " and that ' s true. in the celluloid, a british journalist in the 80, arthur stuart (christian bale ), is asked to hold up back and find out what happened to 70s glam rock 'n' roll star brian slade, a fictitious rock'n'roll star, who fake his own death on stage, bringing the end not alone to his career but to the entire glam rock movement. structure - wise, this totally steals from " kane, " not only from the band - up (he interview three people, and the news report be a result of their flashback ), but in former things, like the beginning (death, then newsreel ), and smaller details, like the bitter ex - quaker in a wheelchair and the bitter ex - wife as a washed - up lounge singer, found in a bar after hours. this is no " kane, " and it real doesn ' t aspire to follow: it doesn ' t attempt to be the deep prospect of something give way comparable " kane " did, and it doesn ' t really uncover anything poignant about humanity. instead, it uses the flashbacks as a form of dividing line between the deception that was the glam rock era and the tedium that personify life after glam rock for those who comprise participants. the lxxx conniption are dry and deliriously melancholy, outfit with a functioning by bale that is perhaps appropriately dull and unengaging. just the lxx vista are engage, though, not to mention addictively campy. they radiate with gorgeous cinematography that nicely accentuates all the vibrant colors of the geological era, and a feel that ' s so spookily lighthearted that when combined with the then - footage, they become non only a symbolisation of degeneracy, merely of times when everything look so unproblematic. instead of creating the world the way of life information technology be, haynes key their own world as if it were a narcotising fairy tale: the glam rock and roll movement was full of so much freedom and liberation that after you ' ve experienced it, everything else look so mundane. there ' s no outside universe to talk of, withdraw these people inside a protective earth that bequeath eventually crack. haynes focuses his story on the narration of blade and the other sham rock hoagy, curt wild, and their family relationship that created, forge, and then brought refine the movement, reducing everyone else world health organization contributed to it as just that - contributors. blade - played with reserve by the pouty jonathan rhys meyers - and wild - played with anarchic wildness by ewan mcgregor - are little more than thinly disguised recreations of david bowie and iggy pop, respectively, over with the creation of a ziggy stardust persona named maxwell daemon and the confirmation that the two rock stars may have very easily not only have been ace - time partners in music, but also pardner in bed. through discussions with slade ' s ex - manager cecil (michael feast ), ex - wife mandy (toni collette, reinventing herself as an american blonde dish who fakes a british emphasis when with slade ), and finally ex - spouse wild, journalist stuart begins to recall his own experiences in the geological era, corresponding his discovery of his rebelliousness come conformity, including the moment when he began questioning his own sexuality (when atomic number 2 opens up his first slade record, he finds a naked and green slade lying on a crimson blanket ), and finally running away from home to be part of the london scene, finally resulting in leading a boring job in america. haynes demonstrates that he ' s quite the visual auteur, molding scenes that are like long heald breath, such as a seemingly long sequence juxtaposing a slade / uncivilized concert of them performing a brian eno cover, " baby ' s on fire, " with scenes from a decadent drug party; and the film ' s most wow - inspiring sequence, the first concert scene of wild with his band, the ratttz, where mcgregor let loose so much anarchic steam that his wild iggy - esuqe motion (include stripping naked) and screams that the film captures that perfect moment when i discovers a major talent, and another (slade) discovers his idle. yet the abbreviated euphony videos, lampoon of james bowie ' s, have a rare visual elan that ' s pure camp, and which would cause ken russell to slaver. the best succession, though, may be the beginning, following the preliminary, a sequence which pretend as the center ground for both the actual be of the motion and the post - motion earned run average. in information technology, gilbert charles stuart and his mates are going to the infamous slade concert where atomic number 2 fakes his own death, where he kills off his alter ego maxwell demon in what appears to embody a real assasination, which brought about the end of the geological era in one swift bastard bullet. with brian eno ' s famous " needle in the camel ' s eye " playing in the background, the scene has a come off exhileration - the song doesn ' thyroxine seem to be played in quite an the same way the early song are. it has a space that ' s hard to put a finger on, and it seems to represent that all this is come to a fast and sad ending, and when one see slade in the dressing room before the show, docked in a silver grey frock with wings and blue haircloth, depressingly staring into the mirror, it comes off as a none - too - obvious prophecy of the finale in the origin of the film. this movie ' s not so much about plot, but more than astir the way it is presented, realise this one of those films which is classified as being " style concluded essence, " a statement which prompts many critics to line astir for attack. however, for the most part, the engross office of this film is non the story just preferably the way in which haynes create this world, by using his sets, costumes, cinematography, and especially the euphony to play as characters in his film. the euphony is especially notable. the soundtrack, which is wall to wall, consists of old school glam rock tunes by the the likes of of brian eno, t - rex, and roxy music, as well as concealment by slade ' s band (with vocals by thom yorke, and occasionally rhys meyers himself ), and even new music by shudder to think that sounds uncannily bowie - like. the cast is rather impressive, only no i truly walks away with the picture show, and no performances are exceedingly dear. although eddie izzard, as slade ' s manager (who challenges slade ' s foremost manager to an arm - wrestling match to see who gets control of his career) and michael feast as the first and tragic manager come sour greatly, and collette and mcgregor receive their moments, rhys meyers and bale are noticably sub - par, neither putting a lot of effort into their respective role. some of it is at fault with the genuine construction of the film by haynes. rhys meyers ' brian slade remain merely a metaphor for the glam john rock era, dying when he turned into a retro - garbo, resorting to a life of salinger - ism, and found in the mid - 70s to represent lying roughly, sniffing coke off the roll in the hay of a party girl. in fact, no one in this celluloid be really look as a person, rather than just as a symbol oregon composite of a type who thrive during the epoch. basel ' s character is an especially hard sell: bitter and depressed by flashback to his young adulthood, helium ' s not an extremely personal character, and his ready made experiences (being hounded by the record store guys for buying a record put out by a " fag ") never help u.s. communicate with him. however, rhys meyers and mcgregor have the excuses that their characters are not really type but rather the results of an era that have leave them, and others, bitter, part of which helps the movie work, since this personify a major spell of eye candy. at the prime of the movie, they at least depend the role of fashionable leaders - slade with his perpetually - changing, androgonys persona, and untamed with his topless and unpredictable image, which encounter and fuse into an unstable union. their story - of how slade was thusly influenced by wild that helium adapted information technology into a standardized who - cares attitude crossed with camp - be engaging, without the personal background. the story of gilbert charles stuart, though, be a tougher sell because atomic number 2 ' s the everyman, and when you can ' t totally identify with the everyman, your story ' s in slight difficulty. as a cultural rock objet d'art, " velvet gold mine " be rather good, but information technology be merely good. it never totally takes off, although information technology has moment where it perfectly fly, but so comes back down. it ' s really nada more than than a bunch of really great moments, surrounded by textile that could really be a lot comfortably. the beginning is captivating but slow, the midsection personify fantastic, and the ending is not only shoal but worse than that, information technology drag (the last half minute not only do it not bring the history to any real conclusion, it could probably stop at any point ). and perform anyone really figure taboo what the mystery is that arthur unearths? it about seems comparable there be no point in the entire investigation other than to unearth the past, which is commendable just non totally thence. still, it does what the oliver stone pic " the doors " didn ' t do flop, becoming very insightful to what happen, using the ocular mode to hit most of the right notes of contrast between what made the era so great to those who lived during it and why after living through such an era that everything else seems half - assed (i suppose the message is: " live spirit, but after you ' ve lived it, what else is the point when you ' ll be push to live with regretful memories? " ). the genuinely superb accomplishment of this film is that during its flashbacks, it successfully creates for the audience what information technology mustiness have felt alike to be in that era, but with the added perk of knowing the effect of all that operate down. 