the year is 1962 and the military equal conducting nuclear testing. take in these mental test be hank marshall (inigo jones ), an army colonel who is critical of the above - background tests that exist being practise. he exhort below - ground tests which no one will consider at the time until it is learned that the soviets suffer conducted cloak and dagger trial run of their ain. marshall is also trouble by a roiled marriage to carly (lange) world health organization is topless on the qaeda ' s beach in full position of the entire personnel department. hank ' s reaction is unity of amusement. atomic number 2 ' s been here before and helium dish out with it in the only way he know how. the problem is carly is a manic - depressive and when she isn ' t flirting with any isle of man world health organization happens to live near her, she ' s fantasizing about a fictious earthly concern where she ' d rather live. typical of the genial illness, she likewise is promiscuous and noisome - tempered. the mood swings be quick and violent and the torment she puts her husband and their two daughters is considerable. from hank ' s reports which state his opposition to the army ' s methods of testing, he comprise reassign from hawaii island to alabama. carly patterns herself after movie star topology and tries to turn marilyn monroe, discolorise - blond and all. the new home in alabama is pretty ravel - downward and depressing and set carly off on a crimson tantrum. after meeting his novel dominating officer (booth ), hank see an all too conversant pattern begin to repeat. carly openly flirts with the co. hank attempt to deal with the situation, simply his only resort be to carry her off and throw her into a nearby pool. tilt ensue. the phratry becomes even to a greater extent alienated. the cobalt be rattling concerned in pursuing an encounter with carly and sends hank off to observe an secret test which causes the irradiation of 2 local ranchers, much to the vocal objections of hank, who spots them but is unable to invalidate the detonation of the bomb. back at home, the 2 girls try to hold things in concert but they inquire wherefore their father fire ' t deal with their mother ' s problems. one daughter says, " he ' s subterfuge and she ' s crazy. " the other answers, " they ' re perfect for each early. " it reach the breaking percentage point when the older young lady (locane) and a son, the atomic number 27 ' s son (o ' donnell) get word her mother and the co puddle love in an abandoned shed. she forces her mother to tell hank and get it all out into the unfastened. hank returns place and finds his married woman in the middle of a musical put option on by the military wife, including the cobalt ' s wife (snodgress ). atomic number 2 confronts the c. atomic number 8. but not about carly. he is upset over the coverup besiege the accident during the examination. a fight breaks out between the two when the co accuses hank of not being capable to fulfil his wife. hank is arrested. what observe is manipulation and revenge on the part of the co. he convince carly to commit hank to a infirmary for observation. instead, they take him with so many drug that he can barely get by. he fizz at the mouth and cannot even finish sewing a leather wallet as presents for his daughters. carly is determined to free her hubby from the clutches of the army and succeeds in do therefore alone by being the secure one in the sept for the first sentence. the picture has an upbeat stop with hope that the family have found a agency to deal with it problems. the performances are self colored throughout. daniel jones is sympathetic and loving and be virtually effective in those quiet moments when atomic number 2 tries to carry on with his married woman ' s rage. he comforts her and extend security. lange generate a strong and spirited characterization of a adult female on the boundary who draw up the courage to try and put things right for her fellowship. amy locane is very ripe as she crusade to keep her family together while struggling with her ain doubts as to whether she even should. blue sky be based on the history of the stagner family. the screenplay was written by rama laurie stagner (with arlene sarner and hun leichtling ). the film scar the final work of tony richardson who give way short after its completion in 1991. he throw crap such classics as look rearward in choler (1958) and tom jones (1963 ). hunter pictures underwent bankruptcy and caused the film to sit down on a shelf for three yr. the film link an alread promising fall production line - upward of films and is well worth catching for the performances alone. 