review - st. peter the apostle thomas j. jackson ' s the frighteners take received some notice for limit the book for most computer effects ever in a movie, and still coming in at the exceedingly cheap $ thirty million price tag. but for those world health organization were alarm by this year ' s megahit like twister and independence day, the frighteners has a great deal more than to offer than particular effects. and for those worried wether or not peter jackson would compromise to hollywood you displace lie easy. the frighteners cost as far removed from hollywood as a high - profile motion picture show sack get. michael j. fox stars as outspoken handrail, a con artist who toilet address to ghosts. helium uses this ability to gear up up a scam in a small town where his ghost buddies scare the sin forbidden of people, then he derive and pretends to let rid of them. this is how atomic number 2 has make a living ever since his wife pass in a car crash v years ago. wiener ' s latest customers represent a young match, play by trini alvarado and peter dobson. when dobson ends up dead, alvarado starts to take an interest in dodger. but dobson ' s spirit be however around as atomic number 2 refuses to beleive he ' s deadened. this leads to a rattling awkward and comical dinner party date between fox and alvarado, with dobson tag along as a ghost. thing bug out getting complicated for fox when atomic number 2 is criminate for a series of murders taking place in the township. fox sees someone named the soul accumulator crushing the heart of the victim, but noone else give the axe interpret that. so when fox shows upwards to try and make unnecessary each victim, naturally people suspect helium embody the killer. fox sees that alvarado be next on the mortal collector ' s remove list, and the last place half hour of the film deals with slyboots ' s attempt to bring through her from this malefic spirit. there are many wonderful twists and turns in the screenplay written by st. peter jackson and french republic walsh. the picture show start off as a black comedy, and terminate up a repugnance - action flick. the mix between these genre are double dyed. no laughs comprise sacrificed in the gens of repugnance, and vice versa. one point of contention mightiness be a lackluster mark by danny elfman. only that scarcely appear like a fault when you have such a diverse cast all in top form. michael watt second. fox delivers one of his best performances to day of the month as a man who hides the sorrow of his married woman ' s death, and then comprise forced to face this later on. alvarado, attend like andie macdowell, have a great panic stricken, tough, and smart heroine. and jeffery comb, as a paranoid federal bureau of investigation agent, is brilliantly bizaare. the frighteners never once flavor like it embody bleed long. the world class hour is equally odd as any comedy this class, and the last half hour be as electrifying as any of the heavy budget smash hit. this movie be probably what casper would ' ve looked like if david lynch place it. it ' s easy the good film of the year, so far. 