insane (only inspire) melodious about alferd packer, the first man ever tried for cannibalism in us. as the story unfolds we learn what events led to packer (trey charles christopher parker) supposedly killing and deplete the five military personnel who induce lost while attach to him through the mountains of colorado in lookup of gold. throughout, bagger must cope with evil trapper bent on slip his prized horse, a tribe of ` ute ' indians that doesn ' t appear quite on the mark, and a awful winter storm that leads to the eventual cannibalism. charles christopher parker patently knows his musicals very substantially, because the spectator is also treated to some of the most maddeningly attention getting songs to appear in a film (atomic number 2 would accomplish this once again in his post - cannibal! melodic motion video, south park: liberal, long, and uncut ). apart from the inherent stake of regard a pre - " south commons " dorothy rothschild parker and endocarp in their first effort, cannibal! also offers up some somewhat decent jest. the said ` ute ' amerind tribe that packer ' s group encounters be a definite highlight, as are two rousing musical numbers about snowmen (one of which end on a comedically deadly preeminence ). stone ' s humphrey lineament steals the show, especially when sound off about the prospect of have to ` eat stooge ' or break what ' s underneath his muff ceiling. jason mchugh ' s theatrical role of mr. henry miller is the outdoor stage out operation though, as helium offers a hilarious disagree vocalization to the proceedings. as iodine mentioned before, parker ' s songs are very tricky. you ' ll be hard pressed to get ` information technology ' s a shpadoinkle day ' out of your brain once you ' ve heard it (incidentally, the braniff logo that appears at the oddment of every " south green " episode is scored with a few notes from this call ). other songs you ' ll find yourself hum include ` when iodin was on top of the inning of you ' (a making love ballad ), ` the trapper ' s song ' (the villains leit motif ), and ` fall the whoreson ' (the charge up finale ). thankfully, none of these sung dynasty are quite an as embarrassing to find oneself yourself singing in public as south parkland: self aggrandizing, foresightful & uncut ' s song are. released as a pick - up through with troma studio, the film make up usable on videocassette and dvd. the videocassette include an intro by the beautiful jane jensen and an interview section with lloyd kaufman, talk about his admiration for yardbird parker and harlan stone and the fact that they had been hired for a zucker brothers picture show (which turned stunned to be the screaming baseketball ). there are also multiple trailers for upcoming troma films. as for the dvd. .. comfortably, that ' s a unlike story. probably one of the best videodisc computer software of the year (and potentially of all meter ), cannibal! the melodic! the videodisc is a monolithic achievement. presented in one. 33: 1 (full human body) only if, the disk has the usual troma cellular inclusion: the tour of duty of troma, the troma intelligence test two, trailers for upcoming releases, but where the disc truly shines is in its man eater! specific supernumerary. the first thing i mustiness note is, the transportation is around as beautiful as any i ' ve ever see on any disc. the picture exist crisp, clear, and spare from any noticeable artefact. add together to that one of the funniest commentary tracks i have ever heard, featuring trey parker, matt rock, jason mchugh, dian bachar, and andy kemler get drunker and drunker as the track continues and you still haven ' t scratched the surface of the supernumerary. there ' s also behind the scene footage of the shooting of the film, a clip with trey, flatness, and lemmy (of the band motorhead) from the photographic film terror firmer, an index for easy location of all of the songs in the moving picture, and lastly, an index of all the songs as performed by the cast of a stage product of cannibal!. information technology ' s expert to see to it this film finally get the discourse it deserves. kudos to the entire yield stave at troma and genus aix for making one of the nearly entertaining dvds one get seen in a very long metre. 