krippendorf ' s tribe is a formula comedy. manage poorly, formulaic comedies power seem to signify the downfall of american cinema. however, every like a shot and then, unitary emerges, similar krippendorf ' s tribe, that actually ferment. prof james krippendorf (richard alfred dreyfus ), the renowned anthropologist, is in trouble. his university gave him a hefty grant to find a lost tribe in fresh guinea. however, he receive. .. aught. his wife have late died, and he has spent the remainder of the grant money in raising his tercet kids: shelly (natasha lyonne ), mickey (gregory adam smith) and edmund (carl michael lidner ). tonight, he is expected to lecture on his newfound tribe. sooner than better the news program (and look the event of misuse his funds ), he invents a tribe: the shelmikedmu (advert after his nipper ). however, unity trygve lie begets another as he is not only if required to drive home filmed proof of the shelmikedmu, merely his inquiry becomes a popular phenomenon. shortly, professor krippendorf is captivate up in an detailed ruse in which he take mockumentary footage star his children as the shelmikedmu tribal members. his effort are handicap by the boasts of an terminated - eager workfellow, veronica micelli (jenna elfman ), and the intense examination of a rival anthropologist, ruth allen (lily tomlin ). krippendorf ' s tribe do seem to demand a lilliputian suspension of disbelief. no one seems to question the way his field documentary film seem to be shoot with multiple cameras, or that his new discovered tribesmen feature startlingly puritanic optic. as luck would have it, as the photographic film builds impulse, that suspension of mental rejection is well situated to come by. though there ' s some soft temper in the krippendorf family trying to turn over themselves off as a lost tribe, the literal sense of humor of the film is in how james gets trapped in his always increasing snowball of lies. the dual meanings to many of the shelmikedmu appearances are enjoyable, and the comical timing take for some of the moving picture show ' atomic number 16 latter scenes comprise superb. richard dreyfuss be terrific as the hapless professor who before long loses control of his own imaginary tribe. jenna elfman ' s position as a romanticist lead appear a bit forced at time, only she plays the part with utmost affability. even the kids, who in films like this tend to be a bit on the precocious face, be endearing and humorous. yes, the film do swerve occasionally into some preferably uncultivated humour, but it has the best excuse of all: information technology ' s funny story. information technology may not go down as an all - time hellenic, but information technology sure delivers what you expect from a clowning: plenty of laughs. 