" dearest is the devil " is a challenging moving picture, munundating information technology audience with wild imagery and a plot of ground structure that disallows a plot, perhaps in an attempt to come us to know the creative person ' s psyche rather than the artist ' s lifeline. watching it, i equal enthralled with the look of the movie, the manner the director shot everything similar information technology comprise appear through with a bizarre, personalized filter. everything expect alike information technology is not how spirit looks like but how painter francis bacon, the film ' randomness national, looked at it in person. but while i be absorb, i stumbled upon my thoughts midway done the film, wake up from my trance by some inner distraction, and began to try and take after what ' s going on. exactly what was i looking at? check this moving picture, i wasn ' t sure if it be the most insightful film i had ever learn or the most mindless. manoeuver (and written) by john maybury, " love follow the devil " is stylish masterpiece for the locoweed. everything looks to begin with bizarre and perplexing. the camera angles be ferociously awry, and the close - ups live uncomfortably too close. the editing personify dextrous, occasionally cutting away to something bizarre every couple seconds, only other clock time holding on a slam for so long that you wonder if the hearing be not supposed to be voyeurs, or rather, intruders to bacon ' s reality and psyche. as such, on that point is no literal story. 1 ' ve not heard much astir francis bacon that i didn ' t read prior to the film, but what i learned be this: he was a painter in england who reached his peak during the 60s and 70s, drawing hideously bizarre lottery of carnage and the like. he was one of the first to really come out of the closet, and in interview, helium be notoriously inebriated so far incredibly witty. as playact by great shakesperean histrion derek jacobi, he ' s corresponding a foppish and self - absorb cross between oscar oscar fingal o'flahertie wills wilde and nero claudius caesar drusus germanicus. atomic number 2 survive life the way he want to live it, to the disatisfaction of those who have the privelege of being very tight to him. it ' s as if helium were exact delight in the destruction of others and maybe himself (" champagne ardenne for my real friends, and pain for my sham protagonist, " he say one nighttime at the cake he frequent ). " love cost the devil " chronicles the latter part of his lifespan. bacon, well - known in his mid - life, awakens one nox when atomic number 2 hears a man tumble through his roof windowpane and land on the floor. helium walks in, unafraid of what he finds, and identify a stealer, george dyer (daniel craig ). baron verulam give him an offering: if he spends the nighttime with him, he can claim anything atomic number 2 want in the morning. george hold to this, and turned to bed he goes, but ends upward staying with him, for whatever reason. the motion picture show demonstrate their lives together, at least in reference to one another. while create bacon ' s world of friends (like " high art, " this film minors in exhibit a sure group of people who beam a connection that be non shown but is tacit ), the film shows the kinship of bacon and george as it remains sooner stagnant. bacon is haughty and bizarre; george iii is simple and doesn ' t understand bacon in the least, especially non his painting. while watching this, that ' s fundamentally all single thought was thither. the celluloid has a hypnotic feel, barren of any restraints of form, and is shot and then uniquely that i felt my tending be almost entirely on the way this film was made rather than what it be around. one time the film is over, information technology ' s well situated to piece it together. iodine kept on thinking astir this film, wondering what the point to all of it be. individual doesn ' deoxythymidine monophosphate merely pee pee a celluloid of all style and no substance at all, and if they suffice, they do information technology by accident, but still allow some substance to creep in. thinking about it, i remembered how the ii eat off of eachother. i thought about how bacon was a masochist, in love with pitilessness (in 1 scene, he catch a boxing match with a orgiastic delight, and lets out a squeal of pleasure when blood from the one boxer ' s head splashes across his face; in another scene, he masturbates to the odessa steps chronological succession of eisenstein ' s " battleship potemkin " ), and perhaps he ride george v too far in his pleasure for pain. helium drove him over the bound, and for him that was love, yet if information technology wasn ' thyroxin for george. i hypothesis that explains the statute title. a flake. that ' s groovy and all, just i almost wish the film be devoid of any significance. 1 wish it hadn ' t trim back itself to making some point astir humans, about how love is the most selfish thing in the world (and it constitute, if you look at it a sure way ). or peradventure if it own avoided any meaning about world and merely drove itself into being the one film that make up rightfully inside one gentleman ' s distorted pysche. it ' s virtually forever best to obtain insights from looking at unmatchable man ' s singularity than information technology is forcing universality down an audience ' s throat. that way you don ' t subdue your film to something it ' s exactly non. i john ' tetraiodothyronine articulate i totally enjoyed " love cost the devil, " though. despite all of the things i respect about this moving picture show, it ' s yet kind of uncomfortable to sit done. still at a unremarkably trite length of ninety minutes, the plastic film still seems like an operose task to sit through, specially after an exhausting firstly minute. though hypnotic, it withal most seem gimmicky and even redundant at times, as if it equal take advantage of one man ' s truly bizarre nature but non do anything abstruse with information technology. as such, i respect the fashion the film depend. information technology ' s beautiful and fastidiously crafted so that, along with " what dreams may come " and " dark metropolis, " information technology ' s the class ' s most visually stunning film. in fact, if a proficient script had represent forged, i ' d almost equate it in visual power to a saint peter greenaway film, complete with interchangeable haunting images that adhere in the idea forever. and with a dymanite performance by derek karl gustav jacob jacobi, it has the comic and outdistance tone that information technology take. i just wish information technology had be to a greater extent than mostly style and just a hair bit of substance. then i would deliver had something to nurse me over even now. 