as feel - good formulaic as it whitethorn follow in its ain way, shall we dance? also present a kind of charming restraint you don ' thyroxine ofttimes find in american flick. this japanese significance tells the story of a middle - aged comptroller bring up sugiyama (koji yakusho) whose mundane life is shaken upwards single nox when he spots beautiful mai kishikawa (tamiyo kusakari) in the windowpane of a saltation schoolhouse. intrigued by her melancholy demeanour (and slightly infatuated with her ), sugiyama signs up for weekly social class at the school - - and, a great deal to his amazement, ends astir equally draw to dancing itself as to his young sensei. meanwhile, sugiyama ' s wife (hideko hara) becomes untrusting of his former wednesday nights, and lay a private detective on her hubby ' s track. in a hollywood film, you toilet bet that sub - plot would be turned into a flow of slapstick comedy and crazy misunderstandings. in shall we dance? , writer / director masayuki suo dispenses with it in a matter of minutes, using information technology to set up later character interactions sort of than letting information technology overwhelm the story with bloomer. neither execute atomic number 2 make the climactic moment of victory a competition between the wedge and some mean - spirited token contender. suo gives his drollery the graceful movements of his open matter, allow the humor to flow from the characters sort of than force it upon them. an first step prologue in shall we trip the light fantastic? goes to some effort to aim the film in a sociological view, explaining how obstinate ballroom dancing be to the japanese sense of properness. information technology ' s a strained message in a story which doesn ' t need such a culture - specific slant. the dance school in shall we dance? plays the purpose of a singles ' mixer, with everyone vaguely abash to represent thither still take the opportunity to try on raw personalities. most amusing among these new personality is the one adopted by sugiyama ' s atomic number 27 - worker mister. aoki (naoto takenaka ), a balding systems psychoanalyst world health organization becomes a fiery latin lover when he dons a frizzy wigging and begins to rhumba. sugiyama ' s awakening is to a lesser extent overt, but koji yakusho coif a tremendous job showing a translation of small steps. information technology ' s a delicate carrying out with a huge heart. shall we dance? is a fairly lightweight experience, which take in its final one half hour rather a long sit. suo crams a portion of expo into very little clock time, including an unnecessarily detailed back - story for mai, result in a sluggish marchland towards the resolution. it is here that shall we trip the light fantastic toe? tone most hollywood - schematic, seek to dim - side the audience with a truckload of emotional catharsis. suo might have been better advised to reason with the modest gem of a scene in which sugiyama and his married woman study their maiden tentative terpsichore steps together. that ' s the veridical pleasure of dance shall we dance? conveys: its ability to produce an intoxicating mood of romance which tush break the stiffest shirt. 