after the simple looking little spacecraft commonwealth in a auto wrecking yard, out steps a blade - gray, human - comparable creature with aquamarine eyes and clad in a powerful courting. herbert spencer, the boy who observes this, have seen his fill of scientific discipline fiction flick, figures this thing mustiness be a robot from out blank space. with the exclusion of disney and a few others, most studios consider children ' s film as a way to ship a cheap and unimaginative cartesian product and thereby attain a quick profit. adept chaff stands out as that rare kids ' film that is undoubtedly modest - budget simply is also highly inventive. remember, the golem? information technology wasn ' t one at all but sooner a " stage one and only assault cyborsuit. " the cyborsuit be actually a prototype combat enhancer develop by the trelkins and jettison for latter recovery when they are under onrush from the invading broodwarriors. the substantial twist in the story embody that spencer gets to endure inside the cyborsuit, and the cyborsuit, nicknamed cy, has plenty of spunk. cy keeps question the thomas kid astir everything including word like " cool. " upon find out that " command, " cy starts apace diminish the temperature in the cyborsuit until spencer shrieking for him to stop. and when cy speaks, we see spencer ' s view, the nates of cy ' s lips and eyes. as 12 - year - old spencer, joseph mazzello from the jurassic parkland film serial publication hold a unmistakably near carrying out as a wimpy and ab initio tongue - tied kid. even when enclose in his powerful new cyborsuit, he has his fears only helium learns to overcome them. " if you run away, thing don ' t pose better, whether it ' s yobbo, spider, or girls, " his science instructor advises him after he has difficulties dealing with all 3. turbo (joey simmrin ), the school ' sulfur chubby bully, dumbfound astir on him, spiders affright him, and, most embarrassing of all, he can ' t speak when in the bearing of his would - be girlfriend. with his cyborsuit on, he learns some bravery that transcends his time privileged cy. spencer lives with his pa and his older teenage sister stacey, roleplay by a impudent - mouth ashlee levitch, who looks similar a younger sarah jessica parker. stacey deride her brother, whom she scarcely tolerates, by referring to him simply as " the fungus. " this unharmed setup for spencer ' s downtrodden and delightfully funny life makes his acquisition of some superhuman powers a author of gleefulness and empowerment. the beauty of mazzello ' s performance is that you hind end vicariously receive his fear and share in his use when he goes after the bully to teach him a lesson helium ' ll non soon forget. the ensuing mayhem has some of the home alone antics, but the slapstick is kept tightly under ascendance by writer and conductor manny coto so that one never feeling embarrassed to exist laughing. the romantic angle is handled e'er so exquisitely. when cy wishes to know if spencer wants to pair with the object of his desire, michelle (lauren eckstrom ), his eyes open wide of the mark in revulsion. " mate with her! " spencer exclaims. " pllllleeeeease, i exactly corresponding her that ' s all. " the show possess many funny twists. in matchless, cy sees a man in a barney - same costume and begins firing at him, recall he is an alien spirit - strain. before long things get style out of hired hand, and cy and spencer have to beat a precipitous retreat. as proof cocksure of the show ' s stratum, it really contains tasteful bathroom humor - - thought that was an oxymoron in a kids ' exposure, didn ' deoxythymidine monophosphate you? cy cannot allow herbert spencer to leave the cyborsuit, and what happens when he take to urinate becomes both sweet and hilarious. the director ' s staging of this sequence is one of the film ' s to a greater extent magic moment. buckeye state, and feeding is pretty funny too. spencer, whose idol is the risible rule book character " midknight warrior, " gets to confront the challenge of a lifetime when a broodwarrior comes to seize the cyborsuit. spencer ' s valiant battle gives him a probability to encounter his heart. and the action sequence in the battle manage to be rather estimable for a kids ' appearance full of inventiveness and lacking the common repetition. for a category movie mixing humor, fantasy, and activity, superstar shaver delivers. although it ' s probably not the sort of movie you ' five hundred want to see without kids, with them you ' ll take in a magic time with a relatively straightforward but substantially developed chronicle. you ' ll be rooting for and laughing with herbert spencer and his buddy cy entirely the way through. superstar kid run 1: 41. it be rated pg for phantasy combat. although the fundamentally cartoonish broodwarrior mightiness scare the littlest tike, i saw none of this in evidence in our packed viewing, so i would say the show is fine for kids five and up, and peradventure the unseasoned one. my son jeffrey, age 8, get real turn on about the picture. atomic number 2 called it " an particularly near moving picture " and gave information technology * * * *. when i asked him to tell pine tree state his favorite characters, atomic number 2 mentioned almost everyone in it from the son to the cyborsuit to the bully. 