getting information technology right is a far far outcry from the adolescent sex comedy you might ask from a summertime movie about male virginity. the film was directed by randal kleiser, who get the states such bubble - gum classics as grease and the gamey lagoon. but thanks to kleiser ' s surprisingly good guidance and an intelligent script, getting information technology right be a agreeably quiet, moving, and memorable film - - nonpareil geared rigorously toward a sophisticated, full grown audience. stimulate it correct stars jesse birdsall (emily lloyd ' s young man in wish you be here) as gavin, a painfully shy xxxi - year - onetime stylist who lives at home with his parents and who - - gasp - - be still a virgo the virgin. gavin has no problem whatsoever stool small talk with the senior women world health organization clamor for his services at the tomentum salon, but expose him to a single thirty - class - old beauty and he ' s a mess. much to gavin ' s surprisal, the woman who lastly convey him out of his shell and robs him of his virginity exist joan (lynn redgrave ), a rich, married, and lonely xlv - year - old. get under one's skin it right hand is the uncomplicated story of gavin ' s awkward and haphazard efforts to get it right; that exist, to line up the right woman to fulfill his life. getting it right is nonpareil of those rare movies that devotes itself entirely to in - depth fiber exploitation. gavin ' s ego - conscious voice - over narration of his experiences steadfastly push up us into his psyche. we observe his enchanting metamorphosis from shy and passive introversion to assertive and self - sure footed maturity. birdsall ' s superb, understated performance as gavin cost the real spine of the film; he seems convincing and reliable throughout. the charm of get it powerful also lie in the wide array of people who inhabit oregon infest gavin ' s spirit. despite her limited screen time, redgrave make quite a a splash in the movie as gavin ' s middle - age seducer. for a encouraging character, joan cost unusually and impressively complex, thanks in large part to redgrave ' s magnificent performance. gavin make up also pursued, operating room maybe plagued, by minnie, the totally neurotic daughter of a rich patrician. after minnie and gavin sports meeting at a party, she takes great pleasure in interrupt his safe and simple life. helena bonham carter is delightfully pathetic and kooky in the role, and sir john lackland gielgud, with his knife in his cheek, embodies the height of arrogance as her father. gavin ' s eventual love - sake be jenny, the lovely twenty - twelvemonth - older single mother who assists him at the beauty salon; london stage actress jane horrocks ' okay performance yields a touchingly sweet fictitious character. peter cook, the smashing british ironist, appear briefly in the film as gavin ' s highly strung employer. the scenes of gavin ' s home living with his parent are also a treat. gavin ' s terminated - protective mother (pat heywood ), whom yet woody grace ethel cecile rosalie allen would find overbearing, almost steals the movie. her life appear limited to hardly ii activities: treating gavin like a 10 - year - old and preparing alien only uneatable meal, such as scalding hot curry and broil chicken with chocolate sauce. gavin and his father ' s attempt to avoid eating her meals are extremely amuse. get information technology veracious, for the most share, is very substantially - crafted, except for two minor shortcoming. first, the movie is about 15 minutes too long, and consequently information technology miss impulse at times. 2nd, the film includes an altogether extraneous subplot about the domesticated problems between gavin ' s best friend, harry, and his unfaithful devotee, winthrop. overall, still, getting information technology veracious is quite memorable for its humor, depth, sophism, and outstanding acting. director kleiser and screenwriter elizabeth jane howard (adapting her own highly clap novel) deserve kudos for find just the right tone for this story of growth, ripening, and ego - uncovering. 