" it ' s non good to know too much about someone, charlie, " charles warn his niece, charlie (margaret welsh ), with a rascally smile. charlie is infatuated with her namesake uncle, her " soul mate " as she calls him since her female parent gave her his name. in that location ' s a lot to bed about charles, not the least of which is that he strangled 3 widows backward east. mug harmon, world health organization looks like anything but a killer but specializes in bet them, plays charles i, the merry widow woman murderer in the 1991 hallmark hall of fame remake of the 1943 hitchcock photographic film, shadow of a dubiety. and to avoid any questions about his guilt, we construe charles ii in action in the initiative scene with his final victim. the write up takes place in the former fifties in the little town of petaluma, california, where charles heads to invalidate the law. can homo ' s playscript use most of the original screenplay by sally benson, alma reville, and thornton wilder. karen arthur ' s direction is for certain no mates for the great master key, only on an absolute scale, the movie sustain a high stratum of suspense. when supercilious and deceitful prince charles come to pay a visit of indeterminate duration with his sis and her class in petaluma, they don ' thyroxine know about his villainous activities. he shower them with elaborate gifts to buy the lovemaking they had already given him anyhow. two mysterious and exceedingly clean - slash writers for a magazine show astir to take moving picture of the family for a spread on the " fair american family line, " but their interest be focused on uncle charles ii, especially on taking his picture and learning about his background. charlie, world health organization first welcomed her uncle ' s visit, begins to feel more than and to a greater extent uncomfortable with him and suspicious of the disingenuous magazine reporters. the picture kick upstairs with a soft power using small detail such as the newspaper article that the uncle adjudicate secretly to remove and that charlie discovers. the smasher of the story is the pas delaware deux between uncle and niece as they try to come out psych each other. she wants him to forget, and helium doesn ' t want to go, what with a local, rich widow woman as a prospective victim. will charles vote down charlie first, operating theater volition she receive him out of town. harmon constitute wondrously creepy and smug, and cambrian is tough but trapped. with a deft touch the director prepare up each scene, several with thunderstorms, and tom neuwirth ' s sepia - toned filming make the movie feel as if information technology live film in the 50s. my only quibble is the director ' s awkward snoop of the final panorama on the train. be hitchcock ' s version better? of course. cost this unitary worth watching as well? actually, yes. shadow of a doubt runs one: 40. it be not rated but would live pg for grownup themes and would equal fine for kids around niner and up. 