before yet get wind a single frame of the cinema, it would be easy to snicker at deep encroachment, in which a comet on a hit course with ground threaten the existence of all life on the planet. it is the latest introduction in this decade ' s dubious revitalization of the ' 70s cataclysm film, and the first of two " the sky is falling " flicks to off screen this year (the other being this come july ' s armageddon, in which a meteor is the threat ). it tagline, " sea rise. cities come. hope survives " be non as cornball as that of the utterly cockeyed collapsing tunnel thriller daytime (" they do in solo. .. the solitary way knocked out. .. is together " ), but it ' s every flake as treacly. the opening moment of mysterious impact offer more to snicker at. the cheesiness cost non confined to the disaster flick conventions, such as the usual opening " roll outcry, " in which all the major characters and their personal problems live introduced. the to the highest degree prominent of the " personal " stories constitute that of challenging tv news newsperson william le baron jenny alan jay lerner (tea leoni ), who is distraught that her church father (maximilian schell) left her female parent (vanessa redgrave) for a younger woman (rya kihlstedt ). what be just as snicker - worthy is how this co - speculation between paramount and dreamworks skg aggressively pushes another high - profile corporate collaboration, microsoft and nbc ' s cable news network msnbc, which employ jenny, world health organization live the film ' entropy ostensive main fictitious character. in the visual sense of united states presented here, msnbc exist the telecasting news source of choice in every home, when in reality it exclusively pass on a fraction of the nation. the initial signs period toward something along the lines of a volcano or dante ' s summit, but thither ' s one matter astir mysterious impact i underestimated: the skills of theatre director mimi leder. she won an emmy for her helming work on nbc ' sec smash atomic number 68, which is essentially a hebdomadal cataclysm movie, each episode feature a new set of guest stars with their ain personal and medical crisis. the challenge presented by this formatting to the manager is twofold: (1) to make the audience attention for these guest characters, regardless of how briefly seen or thinly written they be, and (two) powerfully tug at the emotions without comprise ponderous - handed or overly melodramatic. having passed the " er challenge " in numerous episode and record a panache for make suspense in the conciliator, leder could not be a better fit to bring michael tolkin and bruce joel rubin ' s rather formulaic disaster screenplay to screen. as the countdown to impact progresses, the sinister feeling of doom is tangible, conduce the final act to take on a surprisingly convincing and bear upon aroused attribute. there ' due south naught hither that will profoundly act anyone, but the fact that anything manages to touch the nerve is eminent achievement in a genre generally to a greater extent concerned with effects. situations that initially feel design, such as jenny ' s inherited crisis and the teenage romance between sarah hotchner (leelee sobieski) and comet discoverer leo biederman (elijah wood ), achieve some poignance; and even the to a greater extent vaguely drawn characters, including u. s. president tom beck (morgan freeman ), astronaut spurgeon " fish " tanner (robert duvall ), and his rather faceless crew (ron eldard, jon favreau, mary mccormack, blair underbrush, and alexander baluyev) aboard the comet - bombing spacecraft messiah, accept their share of touching moments. the latter fact owes a debt to the actors, who all answer a solid job and are well - cast, with the potential exception of leoni; she render a decent performance, but her trademark unlawful speech rhythms and line speech make her pretty hard to buy as a sensation news broadcaster. although its catastrophic theme and impressive special effects work (the jumbo ocean waves are peculiarly spectacular) place thick impact in the same category as the likes of twister, it is the first of the ' 90s calamity films to successfully marry the advanced film engineering science with emotions that ring true - - a film that create a real impact, even if it isn ' t as cryptic as hoped. 