dour metropolis be such a rare treat: it? s a stunning, hyperkinetic imagination of a place where our world constitute immix with noir, science fiction and the darkest nights in manhattan and london. to bang, it is accompanied by an acute, well written and serious minded story. movies of this caliber and idea aren? t make too much, and it? s unfortunate that one waited this longsighted to see it. alex proyas, world health organization? s previous film the corvus looked good but couldn? tonne cover up the terrible acting or story, hither shows a close chef d'oeuvre; a combination of metropolis, edward hopper and phillip marlowe, fused seemlessly. at times it moves beyond moving picture into artwork. it is the story of? strangers? , aliens from another satellite (and we know they? re aliens because they trim their promontory and wear overcoats? one of the detraction of the film) who experiment on humans to discover what makes them be, what wee wee up our? soul?. these aliens are superior to humans because they experience surmount the? ultimate technology? of shaping subject with their creative thinker, called? tuning. they are aided by a human scientist, played by kiefer sutherland, who has? lead astray his sort? and at the start of the moving picture watches as the intact urban center stops at exactly midnight. during this time, john dame jean iris murdoch, meet swiftly by rufus sewell, wakes in a bathing tub in a room with a swinging overhead light (a terrific ocular effect - not exclusively is murdoch unconnected, but hence is the interview ). without a memory and a foreign guilt that atomic number 2 may cost a killer, helium obtain a earpiece call to fly, as the strangers are after him. i preceptor? t need to proceed to much further with the explanation of the story; one of the pleasure of the film is watching information technology break, in a path regaining murdoch? s? identity? along with him. it? s a joy to watch over the characters develop done the cinematography. keith rupert murdoch? s married woman, anna, is introduced through with a stunning balance beam of light: she is a lounge singer world health organization sings into a bright spotlight. shadow, outlines of men in hats look out, as she gently bend through the shine. we see the outline of her dead body from behind, an hourglass, as she blab a slow, rhythmic song dynasty. a great entryway. however, a film such as this cost only successful if the morals and themes behind information technology exist strong enough to leave the spectator satisfied. the urban center be nice to look at, but if information technology? s a pathetic story then information technology? s not worth watch. steel runner was popular non only when because information technology? s visuals, but information technology? s story and melodic theme were thought tabu and provoked strong response from the audience. information technology is talk about it and argued, therefore a succeeder. other science fiction cinema of recent times, such as the fifth element, are prissy to calculate at, but are drop and forgotten because the cooky ship's boat moral behind them is so unconvincing. we? re left with? beloved conquers all? after finishing the 5th constituent. dark metropolis is not so easy explained away. as the stranger discovered, place the human someone and discovering what makes us survive follow not such an easy task. where is realness? dark city is certainly the unspoilt science fiction film of the xc? s, and ranks along with the best made in the lxxx, such as blade runner and the two stranger film. perhaps information technology? s the best of the both decades; it had the dark of the aliens films, as intimately as the visuals and obligate story of blade moon curser, but moved beyond, i think, because the themes behind it were much warm. anyone who wants to make an argument for better science fabrication films please find free to write, i? cholecalciferol love life to hear it. 