richard gere is not one of my favourite actor. however, i like court dramas, and this film looked just plenty to take a chance on. i wasn ' t disappointed. it wasn ' t a great film, but it be worry, and look at several unexpected turn. matchless affair: what ' s with the claim? not exclusively be information technology extremely forgettable, it doesn ' t really have much to do with the movie, every bit far as i could ascertain. in the long run, information technology will probably suffer the motion picture show, as multitude won ' t personify able bodied to consider of or remember it. martin vail (richard gere) is a grandiose defense lawyer. he love the money and the fame that rifle along with defending (successfully) rich scum, such as maffia men and drug - dealers. once he see that the accused killer of a prominent windy city archbishop is a baby - faced alter male child, helium wants in on the pillow slip, presumptively for the press he ' ll get. we soon determine forbidden that the prosecuting officer assigned is a early lover, janet venable (laura linney ). vail himself is a quondam public prosecutor, and quit because of tautness between himself and the district attorney, played very well by can mahoney (frasier ' s father on the tv series ). there is an rudimentary theme of duality in the movie: people hold public faces, and individual faces. we ensure this in the murdered archbishop, in the accused, and, nearly powerfully, defense lawyer martin vail. richard gere does a fairly unspoiled task. at foremost, he appears to be a money - and attention - snap up lawyer, with no consideration of the truth. just we see another english, as he becomes a seeker of justice, and comes to believe in his guest. alfre woodard, as the judge, is capable, though slightly wasted in a received role. laura linney also does journeyman work; nothing spectacular, but satisfactory. her relationship with vail is credible; their verbal fencing adds to the film. the worker world health organization playes vail ' s investigator (unfortunately, one don ' t think his name) is quite good. his female person assistant (she looked very intimate, but i can ' t remember where i ' ve seen her) be also capable, only unspectacular. the best performance in the film represent by edward norton. he was excellent, as the cautious communion table - male child turned alleged " fuckup boy of st. microphone ' s ". i was impress by the deepness of the plot; there be red - herrings, and dead - goal, that in a lesser movie would chair to a predictable ending. i liked the plot of land twists the film take, and most of the supporting role, thus one make cardinal fear a respectable b + rating. 