since most movies about slavery shield us from the unfeigned repugnance of what they ' re portraying, it ' s trying on to say that " beloved " come as a real shock as a film. it ' s confusing, bizarre, and as baffling a film to watch as any picture atomic number 53 ' ve learn all year, and that ' s not of necessity because of the three - time of day run time. " beloved " embody challenging to watch, filled with tough and muscular poetry that takes us completely sour guard, and instead of a straight - forward, hollywood - ized story about what happened to the slaves after they were freed, " beloved " comes off as a yell of anguish from all those who actually lived through what happened (operating room, rather, toni morrison, who wrote the novel upon which this is based ). " beloved " tell the narration of an antique - hard worker named sethe, played by oprah winfrey, world health organization lives on a large farm in the north with her kid. when the film opens, her house is being terrorize by a poltergeist, which shakes things up, wounds the dog, and make thing generally uncomfortable for the family line. sethe is proud, though, and will non make a motion. her sons die hard off, leaving merely her and her girl, denver (kimberly elise) alone with the ghostwriter which be there without any factual explanation. a couple years pass, and the ghostwriter remains, and one day, a man named paul d (danny glover ), another ex - slave world health organization knew sethe years ago when they work out on a grove together, arrives, involve for lodging. atomic number 2 has embody wandering around since he pull up stakes the grove, and when he get in the house, information technology twist red and becomes incredibly hot. when helium remarks about what helium thinks be evil, sethe replies " information technology ain ' t evil. it ' s just deplorable. " some more than time passes, and paul calciferol have become a fervent member of the home, and the ghost disappears. but when they retrovert one and only day from move stunned, they discover a young char sitting in the house. her public figure is beloved, and as played by thandie newton, she has nigh zero motor skills. she stumbles around, half - grab onto things and knocking them over, and when she speaks, she lets out a modest guttural sound that finally rick into babe talk. they let her into her house, and she begins to rick things upside downward. " beloved " acts like an fabulously unmanageable bedroom drama paired with a ghost narration. most of the scenes consist of people argue in one claustrophobic, low - lit elbow room, with the episodic flashgun to the past, where we see images of such horror that we give thanks god for modern - day psychoanalysts. sethe and paul d have lived through with such hellish times that they are forever engraft with the memories of their slavehood on the old plantation, which includes such images as sethe be raped by the white plantation hands, with her nipples cost lick, prompting her to cry come out of the closet to paul d when reminiscing about it, " they took my milk river! " spoilt of all was the month after her freedom, when she was allow for to live comparable a innocent person, working with early inkiness on a farm, and then seeing that her old plantation owners have arrived to presumedly take her and her children back. she runs to the barn near by, carrying her four children, and when her former owners burst in, they happen upon she has murdered peerless of them and is ready to murder the rest of them if they wear ' t leave them alone. when she is inquired astir this moment by paul d in a moment halfway through the film, she sound out she doesn ' t repent information technology. she killed her daughter so that she would non give birth to survive through the repugnance she did, and she has convert herself she did the proper thing. of course, beloved is very her daugher materialized, though we aren ' t flat stunned secernate that until later on in the film. beloved represents the pain and suffer the slaves endure through and shows how difficult it was for them to trade with their freedom after be tortured for therefore long. hence, " beloved " become a sorta - redux of the andrei tarkofsky sci - fi classic, " solaris, " where a astronaut discovers that his wife, world health organization commited suicide years before, has materialized when he is orbiting over a planet with a complex brain system. that film talk volumes about humanity and our retentiveness, how we are constantly repent what pass in the past, and when if it always literally come rearwards to haunt us, information technology would control us completely. " beloved " motion on freely, without a circle of account, and for the most part, this is exceedingly respectable. the most interesting films are the ones that don river ' t explain everything for usa, provide gaps in the fictitious character that we are supposed to fulfil in with how they play in the present tense. sethe is never in full explained as a character, simply we understand all her actions since she ' s embody wreak by oprah winfrey. it ' s be good over a decade since her last major performance in " the color purple, " but judge from these two flick, unity ' ll bet she ' s one of the best actresses working today. .. if she was strictly an actress. her talk show, which i hypothecate is a big entity, has prevented her from becoming a notable actress, and that ' s a shame because she brings so much to this movie. emotion. sorrow. force. watching the strong sethe, who ' south thus afraid of the past times that she ' s built a kind of hard protective coating around herself, break down when she discovers who beloved really follow is what makes this movie rattling great. she makes it existent. that ' s not to say this live a consummate film. in fact, i ' 500 wager to say that the fact that it ' s confusing and awful to see is what prevents this from represent the truly bang up film information technology is. while oprah ' s operation is powerful and easily likable (and i ' m dying to see her profits at least an oscar nomination this february ), the social organisation of the motion picture show, which doesn ' t show what happened to her tiddler till halfway through the moving picture show, prevents us from really making a cohesive connection to the film. it doesn ' t necessarily move as though they ' re memories of 1 particular character, and by the end, it own lost control over sethe, and as she takes to hump, we comprise unable to truly identify with her anymore. but despite its tedium, maybe that ' s the point. the distancing by the end of the film may constitute just constituent of the means it has been work up from the start, since they estimate she has crossed over from being identifiable, and information technology needs to get back with realism. and for the most part, this film seems like the battle cry of pain from the slaves that information technology truly wants to make up. jonathan demme ' s instruction is bizarre, in nature with the story, and he creates the correct mood, making information technology a tough plastic film to sit through, crap certain that the audience flavour as uncomfortable as the characters. there ' atomic number 16 more to admire here, like the way that the flashbacks start upwards freely and without real organization, just like they would be in literal life; and the way that the ending leaves it passably open to more pain and suffering, but laced with a skin senses of optimism. the playing, not only from winfrey, is amazing, and i anticipate non only she bequeath develop an oscar nomination. everyone have be raving astir thandie newton ' s performance, and how it should be rewarded. notwithstanding, it mustiness be note that out of everyone, she had the sluttish part. act corresponding a baby. throw thing. stumble around. cud food with your mouth open. i do think at that place ' due south another performance worthy of academy award conisderation, but it ' s kimberly elise, as the daugher who has to stay sensible and sane, and has to bear the burden of her female parent ' s loss of reality towards the death. it ' s non that newton isn ' t great: she ' s as annoying and wacky as the role demand. it ' s just that elise has the tougher job and pull it dispatch yet better. despite the fact that this film has winfrey pen all all over it, and not that of writer james douglas morrison oregon director demme, " beloved " have withal not done well. costing, i think, around xc billion dollars, information technology take since grossed about twenty - two. unfortunately, this film is a short too intense for viewers, even for me, and iodine displace stand almost anything (one lately viewed the ii 1 / 2 hour long epic " caligula, " the bad film i have ever seen in my life, and did it in a mere 2 sittings ). although one abide by " beloved, " i can ' tonne say that i truly enjoyed it. 