of the major horror pigboat - genre, vampire movies are well the almost adaptable. think about it. frankenstein movies haven ' metric ton changed all that much because they nevertheless call for that mad - scientist - in - bavarian - castle setting. if you made a frankenstein flick today, you ' d have to consume the fiend be a virus or something - - and outside of michael j. george fox, at that place aren ' t any actor that could play a virus convincingly. movies astir mummies would yet have to be set up in egypt. there ' entropy non much you privy do with wolfman except take them to london or paris, unless you want to bear a teenage lycanthrope or something. ( and there ' s that michael j. fox matter again. ) just you can have vampires do anything, and you privy place them in any genre you want, scarce astir. you can make traditional vampire movies (bram fireman ' s dracula) surgery bear the anne rice version (interview with the vampire ), or play it for laughs (lamia in brooklyn ). you fanny put vampire in locales from gay southern california (the lost boy) to squalid mexican dives (from gloaming cashbox dawn) to your local high school (buffy, the vampire slayer ). live it not redundant, you could have a movie astir a law firm good of vampires. any day directly, ane expect we ' ll get a line a movie about a vampire 3rd baseman who has to decide whether to roleplay a day game in holy order to break the home rivulet record. operating theater, you tin insert the lamia legend into a hong kong action flick - - and when you do that, you get blade. wesley snipe has the chou yun productive role in this movie - - the silent, expressionless hit man world health organization destroys everything in his way. in this case, the everything hap to be lamia that explode into cgi shards instead of stagnant, bleeding corpses. snipes have less to say here than as the runaway in u. sulfur. marshals, simply exercise a demonstrably better problem here as a half - vampire wreak vengeance on the hirudinean. blade is a silent, brooding presence, laying waste to vampire without a smidgeon of self reproach. he is equally cold as his silver - bladed sword, as exclusive minded as his garlic - filled hummer. yet, he ' s non without quirks: blade drive a beat up muscle car and has to reap rolex sentinel from his vampire victims in order to stay solvent. similar any good hong kong movie, blade is heavy on the chopsocky action at law. for some reason, blade spend a lot more than metre using his kung fu artistry than use the traditional anti - vampire artillery of garlic and silver grey. ( blade dismisses a man - portable bow lamp as be too gravid, although information technology count to be a to a greater extent efficient tool to dispatch vampires. ) unfortunately, the guiding hand of john woo is abstracted from this photographic film, relegating steel to the position of the refilling killer whale, which it most powerfully resembles. the replacement killers constitute the last flick 1 saw that i didn ' deoxythymidine monophosphate review - - mostly because it made no impression on maine, and i couldn ' t remember anything former than noise, violence, and the intensity of blubber ' s performance. blade possess a little more going for it, and has the vampire myth to describe from - - but former than that, information technology ' s the like kind of film - - exciting, with well choreographed action scenes, but with no resonance. with a stronger villain (stephen dorff be (pardon the pun) oddly bloodless as the head lamia, leaving us to wonder what denis leary might have done with the role ), a wittier script, and a strong support cast, sword might have been able to rise beyond the level of cliche summer entertainment. as it is, leaf blade is an average action pic that do to do nothing just cue u that the summer movies just hold open getting dumber and the vampire motion picture show just keep multiplying. 