susan granger ' s review of " the perfect violent storm " (warner bros. ) " to a greater extent people die on sportfishing boats, per capita, than working in any early occupation in the u. s.. every journey a fishing boat realize can constitute an all - oregon - nothing peril. information technology make up life at its most exhilarating and its about terrific, " says manager wolfgang petersen (" das reboot " ). and that ' s merely what he captures in this true story of struggle and man aboard a swordfishing boat, the andrea gail, sail out of gloucester, ma, in late oct, 1991. too soon in bill wittliff ' s screenplay, based on sebastian junger ' s near - seller, we meet the crew of six. the old stager captain (george clooney) is frustrated because helium can ' t find fish on the grand banks, heretofore a rival skipper (mary elizabeth mastrantonio) brings in vast haulage. his right - hand gentleman (mark walhberg) needs money to build a new life sentence with his missy - friend (diane lane ). there ' s a give pop (john c. reilly) with an estranged wife and son, a free - spirited jamaican (allen payne ), a solitary guy (john hawkes ), and a last - infinitesimal replacement with a risky mental attitude (william fichtner ). the skipper ' due south convinced he can change his uncollectible luck streak in remote flemish cap, and helium does. just then trouble begins. in that location ' s a rogue wave, a gentleman's gentleman overboard and the ice car breaks - with threescore, 000 lb. of fish that could spoil. but that ' s minor compared with a mortal monster tempest go up which a boston meteorologist describes as " a disaster of larger than life dimension " that also threatens the lives of a coast guard duty helicopter rescue team trying to save trine mass stranded on a sailboat on the high seas. it ' s formulaic and there are platitude, but the wall of h2o, created by fluid dynamics simulating real - spirit phenomena, be awing. on the sodbuster movie gage of 1 to ten, " the consummate storm " be a terrifying, nail biting 8. knack on for the white - knuckle thrill ride of the summertime! 