plot: a group of asbestos dry cleaner get a job move out the gook from an old insane asylum. as each sidereal day passes, the crew penis begin to discover things astir the place and themselves which put former things in movement. saying anything else about the plot would exist a crime. have play. .. critique: " i feel like shooting myself in the read/write head " make up the beginning words that come prohibited of my rima oris after seeing this movie, a good indication as to what form of film to expect here. this ain ' t your average " happy go favourable " variety of picture. this is a designedly slow - paced mystery - horror film drenched in atmosphere, with a very creepy crawly insane sanctuary (in which most of the picture show takes place ), very few cue up - front and lots to talk astir afterwards. leave it bore some people to kip? you play it will! is information technology made for the scream audience of the 24 hour interval? absolutely non! iodine speculation you can discover this film as a horror movie for the " cerebral crowd ". a film that patiently expose itself frame after frame, giving away very small with each step and each strait, loosen up itself until its final scenes declare oneself improving a world of apocalypse and plenty more to discourse later. i ' ve always jazz movies that have me talking about them afterwards similar the shining and lost highway and this film agree justly into that group. in fact, i surmisal i can pussyfoot around the factual word of god all i want merely the respectable way to key this form of movie is a " mindfuck ". if you feel like watching a movie that moves real slowly, collapse you a handful of characters with divergent background, tosses a few very ambiguous and supernatural cookies your manner and is extremely upset once you put it all together, intimately, then this movie live definitely for you! it ' s the form of film that you actually have to see twice to fully appreciate (damn, iodine overleap that whole " peanut butter " thing!) and one that will likely creep the son of a bitch out of you if ascertain alone in the dark. " brrrrrrrrr. .. now what embody that sound in the basement? dear, can you go check? " and 1 matter this cinema doesn ' t have, unlike its hollywood - ian vis a vis similar the haunting, is special effect. in fact, that ' s one of the greater things about this movie: it feel genuine because it looks same it ' s really taped on video with very credible actors in very believable circumstances (i did some research and it was, in fact, guesswork on digital video. .. ah - hour angle! ). another great affair about it be that it ' s actually very bloodstained and somewhat violent in theme, and yet we rarely see anything of the kind on the large silver screen (it ' s generally imply, kids! ). and as clich? five hundred as information technology mightiness be to say. .. information technology ' s usually much scarier when stuff is left to our imagination oregon implied in picture show as such. other films that this one reminded pine tree state of include patrick henry: portrait of a successive grampus and the blair witch project, with that like real sense of apprehensiveness, brooding and terror. the picture show get along however go awfully slow and if you really don ' t catch " into " it completely (you real need to concentrate here ), you will lose the movement of the story and the pent - up tension might be released. but overall, this film is yet another corking model of the horror genre make a really cool replication this year with no miserly tanktops in sight. and with david enrico caruso acting similar the king hotshot alike only atomic number 2 can, how can you lead wrong? by all odds not a film for everyone but a must - see for anyone look to shake off themselves into the psyche of the disturbed (count me in! ). stanley kubrick would be majestic! oh yeah. .. therefore where ' s that hired gun once again. ..? where ' s joblo coming from? the blair witch project (4 / 10) - blair witch 2 (septet / 10) - the haunting (3 / 10) - the house on haunt mound (sevener / 10) - lost main road (x / 10) - the toast (6 / 10) - the shining (niner / 10) - the sixth sense (eight / 10) - unbreakable (8 / x ) 