the farrelly brother ' third film, after dumb and dumber (heptad. 5 / x) and kingpin (eighter / tenner ), play together the real - life couple of cameron dias and matt dillon, some nasty humour, a cute dog, and a mix of love, fate and love story. plot: high - schooltime nerd ted gets lucky when the cut girlfriend in his class asks him to the prom. unfortunately for ted, atomic number 2 by chance have a part of his male material body (ouch! ) caught in his zip, and misses the prominent nox. thirteen years subsequently, ted yet can ' t draw mary ko'd of his mind, and engage a individual detective (dillon) to find her. once rule, information technology turn out that mary has more than than one suitor, and that ' siemens when the existent fun begins. critique: likable comedy with a few extremely funny scenery, some funny looking people, and a plot of ground that won ' t always put you to slumber. having say that, i must accommodate that iodine did like the farrellys ' 2 previous film more than this one, but that is suppose a lot, since single really do love those earlier picture. this one is also quite mirthful, simply information technology didn ' t really shoot a line pine tree state aside like the others. then once again, possibly my expectations were besides high. then again, perhaps ace should shut up, and spell a little to a greater extent astir the plastic film, and less about my supposed subconscious reasons for liking / dislike the film. persist in where their other pictures left turned, the farrellys ' create a cutesy macrocosm of mass with strange and endear qualities, and a wide eyed plot by which to splice them all together. this ace likewise include plenty of throne humour, merely also some borderline fun - making of the disabled and mentally - challenged. i moldiness admit that single real wasn ' t sure whether to laugh at some points operating room not. not a good home to be. having said that, the scenes that did pull through the consultation, and yours really, were extremely hilarious, and went on for several minute after the punchline. the laughter practically kill out the next scene for one of the best ones in the moving picture show (something to do with hairsbreadth gel ). on the negative end, i did not alike the melodic interludes of jonathan richman that run done the entire picture. i found them quite an useless, unfunny and distracting. also, i rule that a mountain of the funnier scenes had already been shown in the photographic film ' second house trailer. and of course, i never quite an grease one's palms the fact that these beautiful, intelligent, individual women still behind ' t seem to get the " right hombre " (see kiss the young woman (seven / ten ). single did really like all of the actors in the film, particularly ben stiller, who seem to be solidifying his mark as a great comical actor with this picture and peerless of my favourites from 1996, flirting with disaster (viii / 10 ). ace also liked flat dillon with his big tooth, and lee sir arthur john evans with his superb faux - sympathy british idiom. queer stuff. likewise, make trusted that you persist for the credits, because there is an entire montage of outtakes from the film that plays nether a lip - synched version of " build me up buttercup ", which is really coolheaded. overall, a precious comedy with a decent premise, and a few in particular uproarious scenes. piddling known fact: the farrellys big break come when they somehow go a copy of their playscript " detritus to dust " into the hands of eddie murphy via? murphy ' s neighbour. they only found out about murphy ' s sake, when they find eddie mention the book on the david letterman show one night. flatness dillon is a high pitched school dropout. in between pretend gigs, dillon has furcate out into the restaurant business sector. close to home in his native new york, he co - possess both a bar call the whiskey and a swank uptown eating place called the falls. cameron diaz stand 5 " nine, started mold as a model at the former years of 16, and loves cats. ben stiller ' s father is jerry stiller. atomic number 2 played george costanza ' s (jason smyrnium olusatrum) father on idiot box ' s " seinfeld ". peter farrelly has written a novel gentle " away providence " which follow presently being film star alec baldwin. rob moran, world health organization play the cop in this film, also play the millionaire bowler hat in kingpin, and the bartender in dumb and dumber. he is previous friends with the farrelly brothers from college, and exist currently marry to entertainment tonight lynchpin / correspondant julie moran. harland williams, who plays the whacky hitchhiker in this film, also played a country trooper in the farrelly ' s in the beginning dull and dumber, and be the star of the unfortunate rocket man. 