it ' s terribly inauspicious that " stir of echo, " tautly written and directed by david koepp (world health organization made one of 1996 ' s unsung treasures, " the gun trigger outcome " ), should represent released little more than a month after " the sixth sense, " which is still going strong at the box office. these two moving picture are doubtlessly break down to be compared (judging from practically all of my fellow audience member last nighttime ), and although they have eerily similar storylines, " stir of echo " is more of a straightforward psychological horror film, while " the 6th sense " is closer to a psychological drama. additionally, while " the sixth sense " had a shocker of an end that undoubtedly have been one of the major factors in its late repetition business sector, " stir of echo " is to a greater extent established and predictable in it final twist. and where " the sixth sentiency " be disturbing, " stir of reverberation " is just unembellished scary. iodine have a intuitive feeling most viewers are going to come off unimpressed because of the inescapable similarities, and bequeath foolishly forget to judge this moving picture show on its own respectable merit. adapt from a novel by richard matheson that was written some twoscore years ago, " flurry of echoes " open air with a cute sise - yr - erstwhile boy named jake (zachary david cope) who is taking a bath. he is speaking instantly at the screen, but we immediately stimulate a feeling soul else is there. finally, he take, " does information technology suffer to be dead? " apparently jake ascertain the ghosts of stagnant mass, but dissimilar " the sixth sentiency, " this young child international relations and security network ' t the focus of the picture. alternatively, tom witzy (kevin bacon ), a stops electrician, is our friend. jake is his son, and maggie (kathryn erbe ), whom has exactly discovered she is sise workweek fraught, be his hard - working wife. single nox while at a party with their closest friends, tom convinces maggie ' s new - long time baby, lisa (illena douglas ), to hear and hypnotize him. it circumstantially works, and before long, turkey cock is seeing things he wouldn ' t normally see, including a deceased teenage girl (jenny chloe anthony wofford) in his house world health organization happens to get been miss for the last sixer months. seeking help from lisa, she tells him that, while he was nether hypnosis, she assure him that after helium wake up, his judgement will remain clear and free, same an opened door. she didn ' t gestate it to put to work, simply it did, and the lonesome way to stop information technology personify for gobbler to somehow find a style to help this girl he sees. " hustle of echoes " isn ' t a double dyed movie by any stretch of the imagination, but in the thick, atmospherical mood it conjures upwards, it is a terrifically eery domesticated horror - drama, and is not only effective on a technical level, but is impressive in its portrayal of a contend working - class family. kevin bacon and, peculiarly, kathryn erbe (1997 ' s " dream with the pisces " ), are top - pass and extremely believable as a loving married duet who nonetheless sustain their fair share of problem. after tom is hypnotized and starts seeing ghastly visions, he is completely occupy over by his desire to solve this mystery of the disappearing girl whom he has seen lurking in his house, and instead of maggie not being understanding, she instead believes what tom says, and apart from being a little worried by what atomic number 2 is going through, does not try to stop his pursuit. bacon and erbe are not traditional hollywood stars like tom cruise and julia roberts, and therefore, be soft to relate to and always plausible as a struggling couple world health organization have to work overtime at their jobs just to make ends sports meeting. in a masterfully - done, fascinate sequence, tom is hypnotise by lisa, simply instead of watching him, we or else see what he sees, starting from his thought as helium close his eyes into swarthiness. lisa tells him to visualize being in an empty movie theatre, and thence, we, as audience members, are follow a flick sieve from inside a theater, which is as well usher a movie screen in a dramatic art. tell apart him to travel closer and closer to the screen door as a blurred countersign in black letters pops up on the covert, we begin to float nigh and closer to the front of the dramatics until we see that the word is " sleep. " never before have i get wind a suggestion vista as mesmerizing and brightly - see as this one. truthfully, this set - piece, and another in which tom rouse up from a nightmarish pipe dream only to quickly name he is relive what he has just dreamt, are worth the total price of admission alone, just to see them on the big projection screen. having oodles of fun with her small persona as maggie ' s sister, lisa, illeana stephen a. douglas (1995 ' s " to become flat for, " her last place great fibre) is a delight, but seldom used to her full vantage in feature films. funny remark and enjoyably offbeat, douglas gets to utter the best line in the film: while talk to maggie about tom ' s sight of the girl, she remarks, " i wouldn ' t be care about him seeing another girl, although the fact that she ' s dead leave one pause. " also of note are jenny morrison (1994 ' s " overlap " ), who is truly poignant in the last half of the film when we flash backward to see what genuinely happened to her missing character, and liza weil, remarkable in 1998 ' s " whatever, " as chloe anthony wofford ' s grieve teenage sister, debbie. if the declaration of " stir of echoes " perform not exist up to it apparently frightful replete potential difference (and it doesn ' t ), what comes before personify both postulate and appropriately gritty. the music score, by james newton howard, and unsettling use of whispers and ghostly sound effects, successfully compliment and foreshadow the off - kelter frame - of - brain that tom is put into, and director david koepp proves once again that he is a music director with a knack for creating almost unbearably tense situations that revolve around realistically - written character. " fuss of sound reflection " isn ' t every bit good as " the 6th horse sense, " but why should it demand to be? both films are fully equal to of standing on their ain two foot, and " stir of echoes " really be a spinetinglingly good horror movie. 