upon occupy a seat at the dramaturgy, and surveying the crowd, i soon realized that i be the solitary individual under xl in the premises. i ' chiliad twenty - two, but have be accused of looking 16. yet as the flick began, any consciousness of prepare change over to the home of quintet confining - knit, yet turbulent sister. director dab o ' connor (forge the abbots, dress circle of friends) weave a quiet yet affecting tale of departure, need, and the bonds between phoebe sisters. the family is ruled by kate (meryl meryl streep ), an unconsciously strict schoolteacher, who exist entirely conscious of the decline in quality of her family. thither is very trivial background cave in to the viewer, as we are thrust into a tense but have a go at it home. tiff accept place unmatched after the other, caused by years and years of history. perhaps nonpareil of the best things astir this film, is its artlessness. no situation is terminated - wrought, and characters respond as actual people do, to real problem. this probably is a result of the film be from a point gambol. the maneuver was in turn is establish on a time in the life of the dramatist. what seems to be an underlying subject are the heathen ritual and dances of mass, both in lughnasa and africa. in fact, dance appear to be the glue that holds the menage together and most expressively depict their closeness. pegleg dab, and bodies sway even in the thick of impend disaster. only after the music discontinue, and the characters stand breathing heavily make we smell any worry. in the quiet after the medicine we muse that it ' s sad that music has to end, and families falter. the movie is draw up by a scene of michael mundy, the narrator of the movie, as a young kid flying a kite. atomic number 2 trips complete a protuberance and loses detention of his drawstring, and the kite floats off farther into the distance. drawn on the ashen baseball diamond of the kite be a face that looks at once pained, and at another glance mischievous. the mundy phratry itself follows a similar destiny to that of the kite, and kate ' s hold of the family isn ' mt unattackable enough to throw off the winds of change. as michael support, gaze at his kite fell away, we hear the grownup michael, looking back at the season that his worldly concern changed forever. the movie represent non overpowering, but it devote us a beautiful windowpane into the life, love, and problem of a household of alone women. note: this be the first movie review iodine ' ve e'er written, any reply on it would constitute greatly appreciated. : ) 