harmless, silly and fun comedy about dim - witted wrestling fan gordie and sean (david arquette and scott caan) who idolize current world patronage worm heavyweight maven jimmy king (oliver platt ). when king be screwed out of his title by a corrupted promoter (joe pantoliano ), gordie and sean take it upon themselves to find their fallen hero sandwich and restore his glory. my biggest fearfulness about ready to rumble was dispatched ahead of time on, as the filmmakers are quick to show that wresting is so choreographed (but not bullshit, mind you ). the hook of the movie is that gordie and sean are just too stupid to gain that. arquette and caan are suitably over the top with their public presentation, which is on the nose what a movie like this requires, and oliver platt (nonpareil of my favorite role player) is a riot as the drunken washed - up ex - champ. many have scoffed at the idea that platt should be playing a heavyweight champion wrestler with an unbeaten record, but for me information technology just added to the " silly factor out " of the film, thereby increasing my enjoyment of it. one casting complaint withal: rose mcgowan as a aphrodisiacal social dancer? please. .. if arise mcgowan is sexy then i ' m marilyn manson. given the current state of the actual wcw, if oliver platt were appearing as jemmy king right on now on wcw programming, he ' d live the to the highest degree popular guy they have. on a similar note, the " plot line " of the wresting portions of the moving picture show be to a greater extent entertaining than anything the wcw author have been capable to come up with in the last 2 years. although one practise have to ask. .. why would any wrestling showman fire the head wrestler of a companionship world health organization personify both unbeaten and extremely popular with the fans? director brian jerome robbins (you ' ll remember him as eric from tv ' s " question of the stratum ") just know how to take a leak well dumb movies. this movie fits in nicely with his previous efforts good warren burger and first team blues. and screenwriter steven scophthalmus rhombus (the heroic poem mighty ducks trilogy, late lowest nox) manages to keep things both sophomoric and clever at the same time, with nearly all the jokes of the film getting a joke out of me. the only exceptions to that were: single) a scene involving a van full of peach nuns and 2) any setting involve the old char wrestle fan. those moment made me cringe and / operating theatre groan. as an added bonus though, the consultation is treated to outtakes from the pic as the net credits whorl. [ pg - long dozen ] 