i had a opportunity to see a furtive preview of city slickers ii on campus lowest night. i went in with the outlook of a celluloid with the similar flavor which made the original such a success: personal growth and insightful humor astir aliveness. i came aside slightly discomfited in this attentiveness, vex some of the latter and not much of the late. the canonic plot revolves around billy crystal, who plays mitch robbins, turning forty. helium ' s now turn the place manager of the radio station in which atomic number 2 worked in the original. he ' s given a job at the radio receiver post to his good friend, played by daniel stern, out of understanding while stern ' s character works through his divorcement. his also ran younger buddy (john lovitz) comes to mitch ' s house to bum a money and seat to live, all while mitch and his married woman try to celebrate his birthday. during the jubilation, mitch discovers what appears to make up a treasure map in curly ' s (the cattle drive leader in the original play by jack palance) one time hat. after a business trip up to las lope felix de vega carpio, crystal, stern, and lovitz outride a few extra days to go off in lookup of the treasure. on the way, they pass into curly ' sec twin brother, duke, played by (you know who) jack palance. foremost of all, the cinematography be beautifully done, especially the outside picture in the desert. the scene are such that atomic number 53 would like to see some of those sights film myself. at that place is some character development during the flick. the actors remain straight to their characters and play them well, without overact the gag. the movie is a good basic adventure, with enough plot turn to provide for an finish that is hard to predict. the movie is step good, simply with a couple slow spot in the middle and towards the destruction. temper - wise, the film feature a sound number of jokes which maintain my interest throughout the motion picture show. there are memorable moment like when exacting be bitten by a ophidian, but there are few jokes to express mirth at in the sequel (surprise, surprise for a sequel, right? ). however, the slight bitter aftertaste i have with this film has to practise mainly with the film ' s handling of the consultation. the film tries to pull your center - strings too much regarding how closely the characters are to each other, like when mitch had decided to suckle the snake river marrow out of his best booster ' s butt. this is done again when the crowd meet up with some members of the kine drive group from the original. there were also some parts which appear unrealistic, like whether the stampede would start in the way it dress operating theatre why they didn ' triiodothyronine worry more astir water while tromping around the desert. some strenuous stretch of the resource are call for here. since the objective of the gang be to find gold and get rich (unlike find themselves in middle age like in the original ), i also found information technology hard to empathize with the theatrical role during their journey. overall, i ' d say that the pic is an entertaining and humorous adventure with some story - personal line of credit deficiencies get to it to a lesser extent desirable than the original. it crataegus laevigata be worth the good price of admission, but a matinee would comprise a good bargain. 