plot: a new military recruit gets plucked out of nowhere by the number one gangster in london and cursorily becomes a staple by his side. but this new guy is not like completely the others, atomic number 2 ' s got ambitiousness, he ' s get goals and he hump everything atomic number 2 see about being the identification number one gangster. violence, lots of aver and betrayals ensue. critique: a rattling ripe, serious - mind, unique british gangster motion picture which misses the " neat " mark by way of an pesky articulation - over popping astir throughout the film and a so - so end. here ' s so far another aplomb crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mixing. okay, so information technology ' s not wholly unexampled, but information technology ' s emphatically original when all put together as done hither. the matter 1 liked most about this movie was information technology authentic portrayal of the time point in which information technology was taking spot. information technology ' s 1968 and these dandy are looking unspoilt! yes, it ' s all about the causa, cuss. .. the italian brake shoe, the cufflinks, the ties and the bird (that ' s ladies, for those uninitiate) pay heed around you. here are a gang of horrible man, mobster if you will, take care sharp, spill the beans diddley and busting heads all over the place. merely that ' s not the footing of this movie. the basis of this film comes in the family relationship between the number one gangster in the group, the excellent st. david thewlis, and unmatched of his sidekick, paul bettany, also extremely secure in this film, and how the great power, sex appeal and coolness of one, affects the early. you roll in the hay how there are constantly these " hanger - on " gangster type who latch on to the godfathers, the loss leader, the top dogs of every crime brass? comfortably, most of the time, these fashion plate are screen beforehand and are loyal to only one person. .. that is, their hirer. so whole the gangster numeral one needs to worry about is his enemies on the former side of the fencing. but this film brings the perfidy, the messed upward loyalties, the honour codes among bad cat into play within the same grouping and presents it in rather the stylistic packet. of row, director paul mcguigan international relations and security network ' t trying to be guy ritchie here, and doesn ' metric ton over - stylize his presentation, jazz it all improving with a hip soundtrack or add any body fluid to the intermixture. nope, atomic number 2 go straight for the unplayful hooey and develops at least two finicky prospect which are still embed in my mind as i type this. the first embody a confrontation sequence between bettany and a human beings from which he ' s attempt to shake some info and it is out and out nasty! ( " feel into my eye! " ) in fact, the final time that single ' ve see a guy so scar in a movie was john turturro in that forest view from the coen brothers ' miller ' s crossbreeding. scary shit. just there ' s an ever good scene than that in this celluloid. this one features bettany, once over again, easy excruciate, hacking and beating the living piss out of a rival gangster (from that man ' s point - of - view ), but not before turning on a quaint little tune in the background and removing all of his own expensive apparel, one by unitary (that ' s right, he " make " the guy in his underwear ). that scene is too in melodic line with some of the obvious phallic and homoerotic undertones present throughout this film, especially in the kinship between bettany and his boss (why does he start so upturned when helium falls in passion with that woman? ). merely the flick ' s non perfect. in fact, i didn ' tonne mind malcolm mcdowell ' s voice - over narration at first, but as the movie grew into a major flashback (most of the film be presented as such ), he occur in every forthwith and then, and rarely added anything of sake to the plot. all he seemed to perform was aver and predict mass the c - word umpteen times, and yet described 1 scene as information technology was happening (". .. so iodin open the door, and then went upwardly the raise, etc. .. . " - it ' south similar, yea, unity know that already, i could see information technology on the screen!! overdone. ). i also didn ' t quite " buy " the ending of the moving picture, which despite being original, seem a little unbelievable, especially when you consider that it ' south suppose to be take place 30 years later, and folks still seem to be holding grudge, still in love, still living in the like apartments? ?!? i mean, c ' monday. .. information technology ' s thirty year, man!! i don ' tetraiodothyronine know, somehow information technology didn ' t work all that easily for me. but nonpareil of my favorite genres has always been the criminal offence movies, and this ace is a decent addition to the lot. forget the lame title and malcolm mcdowell ' s tale of the obvious plot of ground point in time, and concentrate on the film ' s stronger attributes such as it manner, the exquisite atmosphere of the time geological period, its original flavor at the gangster dynamic within the same group, its memorable sequences and the unanimous performances from its ii main leads, bettany and thewlis. incidentally, unlike a few of the gangster flicks that ane mention below, this one is in no way a charade or homage to this genre of picture. .. information technology ' s the material deal! note: this cinema is packed with potent accents all around, which piddle it strong to pretend out some of the words from time to time. information technology ' s also quite violent and 1 don river ' t recollect any moving picture show that used the c - word as much as this one, thence leave the kid at home for this one. .. ; ) where ' s joblo coming from? american psychotic (ten / 10) - a clockwork orange (9 / 10) - donnie brasco (8 / x) - fight club (10 / ten) - get carter (heptad / 10) - godfather (10 / 10) - godfather two (10 / 10) - goodfellas (10 / 10) - lock, stock & two smoking barrels (8 / 10) - pulp fiction (8 / tenner) - reservoir domestic dog (9 / 10 ) 