satirical films unremarkably pass into one of two class: unity) long - term satire where everything, including the gag, is in some way related on a large weighing machine (i. e. " dr. strangelove "; 2) state of affairs satire in which the comedy and theme are come moment by second and scene by fit (1. vitamin e. " adult male in black " ). what ' s unique about " wag the dog " is that information technology doesn ' t inevitably agree either of these descriptions, and so far is both at the like time. the result is a canny clowning based on an original, smart premise, still if the focus do incline to wander a bite. if there ' s anything that affects americans the nigh information technology ' s government and showbusiness. in this age of information and technology, we ' ve been so condition by the medium and the entertainment industry in our ways of perceiving things, information technology ' s gotten to the point that we are practically controlled by it. we call for the medium to bring us the most up - to - date news, merely we also need the escape of hollywood to anticipate completely that cerebration. this pic set about off well by quickly establishing these ideas, and and then award an interesting scenario: if politics, the media reporting of politics, and the entertainment industry are so closely related to, couldn ' t someone with the power and authority to pull strings one of the aspects manipulate them all? that ' s the melodic theme conrad brean (de niro ), a professional washington spin md, come in upward with in monastic order to restore the president ' sulfur good name who has been charge of child molestation just weeks before the election. brean, along with the president ' s top consultant, winifred ames (heche ), fly to california to encounter upward with hot - shot movie manufacturer stanley motss (hoffman ). they peddle him an estimate to " produce " the image of a warfare with albania (it ' s a commonwealth no one ' s heard of so they mass volition corrupt information technology ). soon the wheels are in motion and the film ' randomness riffing satire come into fun. we ' re inundated with the hollywood mind set as motss brings in a act of experts to help manage the situation, such as a folk singer, optic and sound effects technicians, and a modern mode expert cognize as the furor king (leary ). the initial standard pressure is deep with legion popular culture references where everything somehow touch on to something on tv, in the movies, beaver state in the news. the characters ' dialogue is witty and mirthful, although some of the genuine joke and jest seem rather sitcom - esque. for example, one scene shows motss and brean ' s production crew filming an actress limn a poor albanian refugee. motss order a kitten for the daughter to stock, only rather wound up with a dozen different dogs. since it ' s all estimator - enhanced anyway, she terminate improving cradling a travelling bag of tostitos with the kitten to be infix later. this demonstrates the film ' s ability to need a relatively average place and do it smart and funny just through with the premise. but then there ' s the gags and one - liners that, although are humorous, seem a petty gratuitious in the foresighted outpouring such as ministry of transportation test not be able to remember the actress ' s name, or, whenever a problem emerges, always responding with, " this is nothing! " by the clock time the film make it to the centre, everything that is hold up to fall out in terms of plot happens. the world class act is apace paced, while the 2d bit incorporate most of the jokes and is the core of the film. every tenner minutes operating theatre hence a new problem clip up that motss and brean must deal with, and it ' s always fascinating to see what they do and how they make it. the screenplay provide dear word picture and actually deals with most of the problem head - on in naturalistic manners. however, information technology does have a leaning to avoid things and shift its focus from the election campaign and sour state of war smokescreen to something a mo off the subject. as the third routine roll around the satirical nature becomes more concerned with the situation and less and then with the big picture. what receive started off as a brilliant, somewhat harmless conspiracy to slang the general public begins to seem more than like something that would happen in a movie. yet, the situation comedy is quite funny, especially a collage prove the entire commonwealth flinging old shoes into tree diagram to honor sgt. willie schumann - a state of war hero ministry of transportation test and brean concocted. truly great satire manages to make for an entertaining narration that makes you laugh at the sentence, but call back about afterwards and " wag the hotdog " at least succeeds in this obedience. however, in retrospect information technology seems comparable so much more than could have been do, namely by extend the linear time and filling in the plot holes. and so again, it ' s a valiant try. 