fixings: neophyte lawyer, legal situations, corrupt insurance fellowship, abstract: rudy baylor (matt damon) is an ethical kid fresh proscribed of natural law school who must juggle three sound post at the like time. rudy ' s girlfriend is attacked by her vehement husband; rudy ' s elderly landlady wants to coiffure her will so that her fry be excluded, and; the family unit of rudy ' s friend with leukemia is suing the corrupt insurance caller that wouldn ' t pay for a bone gist transplant. rudy be new to being a lawyer and is thoroughly outgunned, only as luck would have it he is aided by a tinny ambulance pursuer (danny devito) who have failed the bar exam vi times as good as by the kindly presiding judge (danny glover ). jon voight play leo f. drummond, the intimidating and arrogant leader of the all - powerful insurance fellowship ' s squad of lawyers world health organization will do anything to counterbalance justice. will rudy defeat leo? leave he delight being a lawyer? opinion: the good newsworthiness be that this movie has a happy terminate, and information technology sport a guy trying to do the right thing. director francis henry ford francis ford coppola does this film a little differently than the stereotypical law picture. in the typical lawyer movie in that location ' s one big case and the movie focuses on solving information technology, and somewhere along the line surprise witnesses and motives turn up before the honorable guy winnings (after lots of gripping courtroom drama ). however, coppola ' s pic is deliberately to a greater extent low keystone. ' the rainmaker ' plays out like a personality resume of untested rudy as atomic number 2 catch emotionally involved with and tries to save various trivial quirky position characters. in the background rudy ' s voice narrates his feelings and makes half - misanthropic jokes about the effectual profession in general. 2 factors immix to make this flick less heavy than it can be. first, rudy ' s prison term is split juggling three case, rather than concentrate on a single high - stakes shell. also, rudy ' s use of goods and services of voice narration in place of acting make the moving picture lose some of information technology dramatic boundary. the end result be an entertaining low key constabulary movie where the good guys win, and rudy narrates his way of life into add up of historic period. 