being the self - proclaimed professional film critic that iodine am, i am somewhat embarrassed to accept that ace had non construe lawrence of arabian peninsula (coming soon to dvd) until only lately. after all, it ' s considered by only astir everyone to be the masterpiece epic of manager david lean, who also directed motion picture such as bridge circuit on the river kwai, and doctor zhivago. thus one day, a champion of mine loan me a written matter of the video and i sat downwardly and watched it. i be initially skeptical that something made most 40 years ago would live able to keep my tending for the butt - benumb 3 1 / deuce hours of its continuance. but now i fully understand why this has get the film that early epic movie are adjudicate against - - the success of seven academy awards in 1963 for best picture, director, editing, cinematography, art steering, medicine, and sound. after watching the film again, i am convinced that it is simply single of the finest works of cinematic sensation to ever illume the large screenland. found on the autobiographical writing of british officer t. east. lawrence during world war i, lawrence of arabia depicts lawrence (play by and so - unknown actor pecker oxygen ' toole) as a lieutenant lacking any sort of military field whatsoever. bored with his assigning of color single valued function for the british army in a dimly lit headquarters building, lawrence of arabia jumps at the opportunity to be re - assigned as an commentator for an arabian prince fighting against the turkish army. lawrence quickly sees just how caring and enceinte these desert dwelling citizenry can cost and terminate up rallying the various folk together to struggle the turks and help the british turn the tide of world warfare i. shot in panavision ' s famed super 70mm format, the film attractively illustrates the definition of the word epic. it is dead breathtaking. using stunning filming, costuming, and focussing, shot in the most uninhabitable location on the nerve of the earthly concern, i can only imagine what it must have been like to sit in a theater in 1962 and watch this taradiddle unfold before my eye. every blastoff is choreograph as a portrait - - a aliveness protection to a great country. david lean put his reputation on the line to get this film completed, and the fact that it be still greenlit in the first place say something astir the ideology of the question picture industry at the clip, a far cry from its pathetic, uncreative existence today. after watching the film, the beginning thing that come to my psyche exist, " i ' ve got to suffice a remake of this film! " but then i thought about trying to monger the idea to a modern - day motion picture executive: " okay, it ' s going to be nearly four hours long and snap over three months on location in the sahara desert. we embody going to need to blow up a good - size of it train because computer - generated effects probably wont do information technology doj. and we are non going to habituate any magnanimous asterisk, and won ' tetraiodothyronine have any female actor since there ' s no love story. " yes, my friends, the velvet drape fall on the golden - era of hollywood a long clip ago. only at least we still give the proof to designate all would - be producers and directors out there barely how good a film can be. 