" when will the old nick claim maine? " helium asks rhetorically in quieten voice over. the spoiled title character of _onegin_ (enunciate oh - negg - in) is waiting on end to relieve him after a life time of rapacious behavior. martha fiennes ' first appearance feature article is (quite literally) filmed verse (information technology ' s ground on an epic russian poem by alexander pushkin ), a profound study of rue, of how we confuse shame with guilt. when we first meet eugene onegin (ralph, acting for his sister; another brother, magnus, compile the grudge ), a philandering blue blood from st. petersburg, helium has just inherited his uncle ' s estate. with plans to sell information technology, onegin pays a summertime sojourn to the manor house, which is located in an underpopulated russian countryside, and not long into the trip he meets a neighbouring kinsfolk of blue bloods. smitten with olga larina (headey ), he befriends olga ' s fianc? , vladimir lensky (stephens ), while olga ' s sister, tatyana (tyler ), glamorize his light minded attitude (he ' s a nineteenth unsound boy ), falls for onegin. in unrivalled sweaty, inky torrent of passion, tatyana writes him a beloved varsity letter. he is at least intrigue by the note but rejects her affections, information technology be implied, because he can. soon after, catastrophe strike, and onegin makes himself scarce. when we catch up with him, six years later, he has just returned to st. petersburg, where at a grand ball he discovers that an former booster (donovan) have married a more womanly and wordly tatyana. this time, onegin finds her irresistable. what be most amazing astir ralph fiennes ' performance is his insidious physical transformation from dashing snob to miserly grouch. overwhelmed by a top hat, the onegin who yearn for tatyana seems little in stature than the one world health organization brush her off, an ebeneezer scrooge trapped in christmastide past. the thespian has be compress playing heroes for too long now - there ' s room to breathe in a role that ' siemens made up of shades of gray like " onegin ". petula clark panax quinquefolius of a general phenomenon in " parking lot ": " you don ' tetraiodothyronine love what you ' ve get? til it ' s gone. " onegin ' reciprocal ohm about - face on tatyana speaks for those of us (read: most of us) who need check that mortal oregon something is wanted by others before we want it every bit good. what the character look live not jealousy but compunction, plethora, even, at having let her go. out of identification we feel empathy for onegin, a calloused bastard. tatyana ' s emotion echo a thousand ditties, but that defecate them no less vital. she convert, too, from a fille in crush to a woman with divided allegiance. tyler acquits herself surprisingly well among her uk conscientious objector - asterisk, fill in sketchy gap by expressing base of operations opinion in a series of wanton stares. they both get faces, mr.. fiennes and ms. tyler, capable of conveying archetypal russian miserableness. _onegin_ could deliver add together upward to little more than than a distinguished episode of " masterpiece theater ", still with its current cast of thoroughbred entire, were martha fiennes not at the helm. an mtv background knowledge (she cut her teeth directing rock video for xtc and others) has positively influenced her sense of pace (though, thankfully, not her shot lengths - no convulsive cutting hither ); at just now over century minutes, _onegin_ clicks along corresponding a brisk walkway through valleys of despair. the film has an irregular catamenia look, as good. absent are the sumptuous tableware and antique furnishing that digest in for plot and character in those drippy merchandiser bone productions. the bent be nearly expressionistically bare, resound the loneliness of the protagonists. ( camera operator remi adafarasin often allows space to steep them; one ' m reminded the climax, which blossom forth in a ocean of white. ) martha fiennes have a clear command of cinema, and her spare, often painfully human visual presentation of " yevgeny onegin " is arguably the most crystal clear rendering of pushkin ' s difficult text nonetheless. ms. fiennes may embody the nigh exciting female presence behind a camera since jane silene. 