if you ' re the type of person who goes on the submarine ride every time you chaffer disneyland, you ' re locomote to get it on the hunt for flushed oct. you ' ll also love the film if you relish cat and mouse military maneuver, or if you ' re a sean connery or alec baldwin fan, or if you admired theatre director lav mctiernan ' s earlier films, die hard and piranha. in fact, the only multitude likely to be disappointed with the hunt for red october are those world health organization have understand the al qur'an, since plastic film nearly ne'er hold out upwards to the novels which inspired them. the hunt for flushed oct is an epic thriller, adapted from tom clancy ' s best selling novel. fructify in an era before glasnost, the movie orb around a top - hugger mugger soviet submarine, called the red october. the nuclear sub get a rotatory propulsion organization, which makes the vessel silent and allows information technology to scarper sonar detection. the red october embarks on its first voyage under the command of maitre d' marko ramius, played by sean connery. ramius feature stern orders just to test the submarine, just he has other ideas. he takes the sub and it crew and disappears into the atlantic ocean. is helium planning to start world war iii? cia psychoanalyst jack ryan doesn ' t think so; he ' atomic number 16 convert that ramius plans to defect to the u. s. ryan, played by alec 1st earl baldwin of bewdley, is given trey days to essay his theory and find the miss sub. the characters in the hunt for reddish october are paper thin, but the performance, thankfully, are rock solid state. james baldwin and connery anchor the film with their customary vigor. sam neil gives a sturdy operation as connery ' s somber first military officer. it ' s ironic to see neil and connery playing russian, since they are both best bang for their roles as british agents, connery as james bond and neil as reilly, " ace of spies. " the big cast as well includes scott glenn, henry james earl daniel jones, tim curry, and joss ackland, positive richard jordan river as the legato u. reciprocal ohm. national security adviser. the special effects are remarkable, only more than anything, the william holman hunt for red oct is distinguished by its piddle - tight patch. film writer larry ferguson and donald dugald stewart have graciously navigated cherry red october through a story line full of twists and turns. they keep u necessitate in the action by unveiling plot strand at just the right moment. the movie doesn ' t get as sweaty or breathless as die hard, because information technology would rather tell a good story than hit you concluded the pass with non - stop activity. the finale is rousing and suspenseful, but fundamentally, the james henry leigh hunt for red oct is a higher ranking potboiler. 