pollock starring ed harris, marcia gay harden, tomcat bower, jennifer connelly screenplay by barbara turner and susan watt second. emshwiller, based on the book " jackson pollack: an american saga " by steven naifeh and gregory bloodless smith aim by ed harris * * * for more film, videodisk and book astir picture reviews, plus annual coverage of the toronto international moving picture fete, visit _film freak central_ - http: / / filmfreakcentral. profit | now with hunting locomotive engine * * * " how do you know when you ' re eat up pee pee love? " - jackson pollack to a life story magazine reporter on recognize when you ' ve completed a house painting jackson pollock ' s " making love " inverted comma is famous, merely in practically the same breath, atomic number 2 said a to a greater extent constructive thing, " it ' s like looking at a bed of flower - - displume your hair come out of the closet concluded what information technology means. " it took him sixteen words to do as whole dissertations have tried and failed: equate god and abstract art and extend a kind of backhanded comfort to those discombobulate to the percentage point of rancor by the concept. the biopic _pollock_, role player ed harris ' directorial introduction, muse the second soundbite in how information technology accepts pollock ' s creations as part of the ordination of thing, and should similarly disarm hater of fine artistic production. arguably more than any former living actor, harris, who also plays _pollock_, embody the archetypal working stiff, and his blue - collar demystification of pollock ' s labor - intensive art, both as performer and director, makes for unpretending movie theatre. ( from what atomic number 53 know of benjamin harris, he, like pollock, be not born present or lucky; instead, a unattackable employment value orientation is the seminal fluid of his succeeder. ) granted, it ' s possible that _pollock_ leave alienate those like viewers perplexed by the imponderable " purpose " of pollock ' s splatter serial: the coarse thread between them is a want of editorialise. the movie _pollock_ make up all purposeful gaze and silent exchanges dotted by tantrums, but the motivations are left to our own perceptions. and it is a likeable yet not on the whole forgiving film, as illustrate by a demoralizing conclusion. _pollock_ encapsulates the menstruum in which he fought a losing battle against personal demon (drunkenness, depression, and the general attendant miseries of an creative person) while finding a topographic point of subconscious expression. a abbreviated insertion to pollock ' s raging intoxicated side segues into his getting accosted by a fellow new york creative person, lee krasner (marcia gay harden, awarded a best supporting actress academy award for this brilliant portraiture ), who work from the outside - in, pre - intellectualizing every stroke of her brush. in a tantrum after they have moved in together and lay down adjoining studio apartment, she asks what helium hope to reach on his latest canvass, grilling him about the interplay of cubism and surrealism until he says, " you paint the fucking thing, " and result in a huff. by the time they get hitched with, she has become his de facto managing director; information technology equal form marrying function and chaos marrying discipline, a most symmetrical hit. ( krasner denies him a infant, indicate that information technology would bowl over the balance. ) such a labor union is destined to implode, and i desire i ' grand non ruining the _pollock_ experience by saying that it set. while it constitute never depicted as a very romantic matrimony to start - - pollock and wife channel their passions elsewhere - - their mutualism leaves each former picked dry after several years, and information technology comes down to krasner suffer unmatchable of pollock ' s conniptions likewise many: " you are killing me! you are killing me! you cost killing me! " ( aside: benjamin harris ' own married woman, amy madigan, is unrecognisable and exceptional as drift diva peggy guggenheim. ) pollock himself moves on to dalliances with younger women like babe ruth klingman (the scorching jennifer connelly ), hoping, one supposes, to trip up the revitalizing puff of air of spring chicken. one love jackson pollock ' s stuff and i am enamour of sir arthur travers harris ' _pollock_ as comfortably. it ' s scrappy and observant; no coincidence that its minor failings are the occasional trespassing flourish, such as jeff beal ' s hummable but no less lamentable mark - - single can ' t imagine that pollock, surgery anyone, would paint to this music, which puts fill soundtrack voids ahead of complementing the images. one of my favored sequences is an eerily quiet re - enactment of hans namuth shooting that famous jackson pollock footage in east hampton, long island; the climb tenseness is almost comic, as namuth keeps interrupting pollock ' s process to recharge his camera surgery make a dinner break. a more veteran director mightiness ' ve been too self important to admit that non all artist or metier are created equal. 