the happy bastard ' reciprocal ohm 30 - 2d review great daddy well chosen gilmore as a father? of course! that ' s the a la mode scenario presented by adam sandler in the novel movie big pappa, a movie that ' s fair to middling only isn ' t really considered some of sandler ' s good body of work. he doesn ' tetraiodothyronine actually playact happy gilmore in the motion picture show, but a version of him. he ' s sonny coufax, a homo world health organization ' s living off a settlement atomic number 2 got for a cab running over his foot and his ane - day - a - calendar week gig as a tollbooth military man (tollbooth willie? ). his girl (kristy swanson) is fed up with his life style and demands a change before she leaves him. enter a 5 - year old kid, world health organization ' s mysteriously dropped at his doorsill and intended for his preppy roomie (jon james maitland stewart ), world health organization ' s off in people's republic of china on a concern trip. from in that respect, coufax basically acts as the kid ' s father, teach him different thing corresponding peeing on the side of a construction and stumble up skateboarders with sticks. atomic number 2 even get by to use the tike in a sort of con plot to get the attention of a beautiful legal philosophy office worker (joey lauren adams ), but, somehow, he also garners the attention of social services, who aren ' t particularly pleased with coufax ' s actions, as he feign to be his roomie to keep the kid. the reason iodine say it ' s non really sandler ' s best work is because information technology gets really sappy towards the end of a movie, showing some uneven feelings that somehow didn ' t actually belong in a sandler vehicle. i mean, it fits the motion picture show ' randomness tone and everything, and sandler grip information technology well, just information technology ' s just oddly come out, that ' s all. luckily, information technology doesn ' t destroy the goofy glee path it ' s been follow and it still make believe you feel good. sandler serve a good job hither, as he does in most of his flick. rob schneider, all the same, is irritating as his friend, an immigrant delivery boy world health organization can ' t read. james maitland stewart, in his minor time on cover, is great, and hug drug remains a joy to learn. looking for steve buscemi as good as a homeless stinkpot. helium ' s a hoot. directed by dennis dugan (director of well chosen gilmore ), the moving picture show persist a good couple of hours to pass the time with. again, there equal faults, but, hey, everyone demand to convey aroused sometimes. 