there are some works of art that live almost impossible to refresh, non because of their own complexity, but because of their legendary position which prevent the reviewer to tell anything original. peerless of such masterpieces be casablanca, credibly not the best film in the account of the seventh art, just definitely the well nigh popular one. its popularity can be valuate non in a multitude of more operating theatre less disguised remakes that be made in more than one half a century since its premiere, but also in unnumberable tributes and reference that movie makers use in their kit and caboodle to this day. casablanca is besides a pic that has the rattling uncommon virtue of both being praised by the critics and loved by general audience. one of the thing that makes this film even more unparalleled was the fact that it was sentence to fail, at least judging by conventional movie - making wisdom of information technology time. information technology was based on a broadway play so mediocre that it hadn ' t been produce on stage; screenplay by three writers - julius g. epstein, philip joule. jacob epstein and howard robert koch - was beeing indite as burgeon forth went along; the main actors were producers ' second choice, and, finally, man behind camera, michael curtiz was considered to be capable, but not great director. however, the movie was commercially successful and earn three " oscar ", include the one for the full moving picture. until this very day, information technology is conceive to be the best example of hollywood moving picture - making in its ain golden geezerhood. the plot of the movie was heavy influenced by the need of ww2 propaganda, so far it also used sort of elaborate and now almost blank out political setting of that global conflict in order to make intriguing story. in dec 1941, casablanca, alien port on the atlantic coast of north africa is controlled by officially neutral, yet national socialist - collaborating gallic vichy government. thousands of refugees from war - rupture europe are stuck there on the agency to lisbon and safety of america, and quick to give any price for treasured exit visas. many shady characters thrive on their misery, including the corrupt police headman, senior pilot renault (rainfall ). his best friend is rick blaine (humphrey bogart ), who use to be idealistic anti - fascist, and now owns popular night club in casablanca and lives by his ain cynical school of thought of " sticking his neck for nobody ". withal, everything change when he amaze in possession of two precious extra visas. this event coincides with the arrival of two newfangled refugees to casablanca. one of them be victor laszlo (henreid ), czech impedance leader world health organization escape three times from nazi immersion camps and become the legend of enslave europe. helium constitute keep company by his beautiful wife ilsa lund (bergman ), with whom rick had a stormy intimacy in the eve of nazi line of genus paris. the couple needs visas, specially because of the gestapo major strasser (veidt) being on their lead. rick is now forced to choose between love, wounded superbia, ego - maintain involvement and his ain hatred of fascism. the cast for this movie seems influenced by divine inspiration - humphrey humphrey deforest bogart, most legendary actor in the history of celluloid, equal one and only of the rare character actors world health organization elevated his persona to the star status. humphrey deforest bogart ' s depiction of kink as complicated human race, torn between high flown past and bitter present tense, was thusly perfect, that his icon would forever be connected with that character. another icon in his company be ingrid bergman, great actress of honest to goodness hollywood, hither in her artistic and ocular prime. the cinematic coupling of bogart and bergman became one of the principal symbolisation of that era of filmmaking - some happier times when the romance on the screen didn ' t look infantile nor shopworn like in some more contemporaneous works. for many mass, casablanca is probably the best romantic picture ever clear. but the reason for that isn ' t the romance itself - information technology ' s the realistic storey of people forced to piss tough, and often wrong choices in their life history. the cast of casablanca be right on target not precisely in a case of independent leads. the supporting actor also did a improbable job. sidney longstreet and cock lorre were hither in the main to give a mystical flavour spot in a previous bogart hellenic - john john huston ' s maltese falcon; yet both of them deal to portray colorful and original characters. another shining example of good casting is now almost forgotten paul henreid as the weakest part of dearest triangle; character of superior laszlo have believable charisma and looks like a somebody world health organization could inspire millions of people to ascend against nazi tiranny. unluckily, the charisma that burden laszlo, leaves little place for difficult selection, making his character forever overshadowed by crick / ilsa coupling. however, rick and ilsa actually hold a severe competiton for most memorable fictional character in casablanca. captain renault, brilliantly portrayed by claude rains in a role of a lifespan, was embodiment of perfect, almost unmatched libra between ethical depravation and physical charm. despite being the undoubtful villain in almost full movie, rains managed to make renault openhearted character, and his concluding conversion to the side of good, symbolized in non so subtle gesture at the end of moving picture look unnecessary. rains also gave another attribute to the movie, making it still more ambiguous; people world health organization wish to analyse movies to death discovered signs of homosexualism in renault ' s family relationship towards rick, and rick ' s final christian bible leave room for even to a greater extent outrageous speculations. together with well - drawn characters and excite fib, the movie was salutary in creating his own atmosphere. professional nitpickers would probably have a field day in discovering numerous historical and geographical inaccuracies, just casablanca is still a bright example of hollywood ww2 movie that be beliavable, if not realistic. any way, yet if we don ' t examine it as a historical document, casablanca is movie that can personify source of amusement as easily as infinite inspiration. 