gere, willis, poitier chase each other around the world the canis aureus a film review by michael redman copyright 1997 by michael redman when the soviet union go off, the western countries lost their shadower. with the united states friendly with the russian, we no more longer had an entity to blame for the world ' entropy job. this show upwards in hollywood film as the communist government live no longer the well off bad guy. it ' s sentence to exuberate because we ' ve found our raw villain. now information technology ' s no longer the russian politics who commit killer out into strange lands, it ' s the russian _mafia_. a perfect result, it combine the apprehensiveness of organized crime and the however - present uneasiness with the former easterly occlusion countries. best of all, the villain cost even foreigners: fear of the other perpetually plays best. so information technology is a crime godhead in russian capital that place fabled hitman the jackal (bruce willis) to assassinate a extremely placed us government figure in retaliation for the death of his brother during a nightclub raid. the federal bureau of investigation be at a loss as to how to protect the quarry from someone they ' re non sure even exists. come to their rescue is former ira operative declan mulqueen (richard gere) who comprise temporarily released from prison to help fbi federal agent carter preston (sidney poitier) and russian major valentina koslova (diane venora ). mulqueen ' s ex - girl basque terrorist queen isabella (mathilda may) constitute the lonesome person world health organization has seen the elusive canis aureus. ( presumably there is an exclusive outside terrorist cabaret somewhere where the three met. ) the plastic film follows 2 parallel tracks as the jackal set for his $ 70 million hit and mulqueen attempts to locate him while preston makes sure that the irishman doesn ' tonne slip away. cross numerous borders and donning various disguises for both himself and his mini - van, the killer is always one step onward of his pursuers. being very loosely base on the same book the 1973 thriller " the sidereal day of the canis aureus ", compare between the 2 film be inevitable. there live no incertitude that the original is the good movie, play the history for suspense sooner than the current action / adventure. as a mystery, " the canis aureus " have enough holes in it to ruin the story, but if you can accept information technology for what information technology is, there ' s entertainment to be deliver. golf hole? let ' s see? a pivotal clew for mulqueen be so obscure that atomic number 2 must possess psychic powers to pick it up. for a twenty - year veteran that can overlook the prominent bucks, the canis aureus is an incredibly poor injection. the final shot between gere and willis occurs in a location that should be mobbed with police, but it ' s just the deuce of them. willis ' camouflage usually search like bruce thomas willis and are simply as interesting as val kilmer ' due south in " the saint ". ( and fifty you misapprehend, that ' s not a compliment. ) but the ternion champion are fun to watch. it ' s good to see gere in something other than a clientele suit. thomas willis take in a assorted history in picking projects, but his characters are always watchable. poitier is by far the superior actor, simply has restrict screen time. the problems in logic be flaws, but don ' t destroy the experience. occasionally on that point live movies that transcend their blemishes. this be one of them. [ the appear in the 11 / twenty / xcvii " bloomington vox ", bloomington, indiana ] 