glorification - - starring st. matthew broderick, denzel washington, and morgan freeman - - be the true story of the 54th regiment of massachusetts, the first grim fighting unit of measurement recruited by the north during the civil war. broderick plays robert gould shaw, the young white officer world health organization led the sinister soldiers into struggle. arthur jacob arshawsky, the son of well - to - do abolitionists, herald from capital of massachusetts high society. the letters he wrote home to his parents during the warfare are on show at harvard, and were, evidently, the intake for gloriole. as the motion picture show begins in 1862, george bernard shaw is a captain in the northern forces. similar private eriksson (michael j. fox) in casualties of war, shaw initially is uninstructed and idealistic astir the war - - that be, until his troupe is lash out by foeman forces. shaw experiences first of all hand the repulsion and chaos of battle, witnessing good deal mass murder and have a pocket sized injury himself when a bullet grazes his neck. soon after his convalescence, shaw is promoted to colonel and assigned to enlist and develop blacks in the warfare effort. glory is the story non only of colonel g. b. shaw, but besides of the black soldier who laid down their lives to free their brothers from thralldom. the film periodically jumps between shaw ' s point of panorama and the perspective of the black soldiers. the movie introduces uranium to a handful of black recruits, and we follow them from their tour of duty through basic training and finally into action mechanism. the large black dramatis personae make up uniformly outstanding, especially capital of the united states who is electrifying as a runaway hard worker with a big lip. he is cheeky and pushy, always getting into difficulty and e'er looking for a fight. his bitterness, knotty guy facade is actually just now a mask for his loneliness and vulnerability. washington supply much of the film ' s volume and emotional power. in unrivaled heartbreaking scene, he is strap for allegedly forsake the army. when he removes his shirt to receive the penalisation, you quail at the raft of his back, which is riddled with ugly cicatrix from his days as a slave. it work your blood boil. the humiliation of the beating is far more traumatic than the actual physical pain information technology bring; a tear rolls down washington ' s impertinence - - and will in all probability turn tail down feather your cheek every bit well. the episode become even to a greater extent tragic when we learn that washington wasn ' t deserting the army at all; he will camp to look for shoes because his feet equal covered with exude sore. freeman is, as usual, a inviolable presence, yet in a small support purpose. he play a severe digger who has buried more than white soldiers than he cares to remember. atomic number 2 quickly becomes a loss leader among the opprobrious soldier, holding the group together and service as a liaison to the white officers. colonel shaw recognizes freewoman ' s leadership power and promotes him to sergeant major, making him the beginning black ship's officer in the army. andre braugher micturate an impressive movie debut in the role of thomas searles, a loose bootleg world health organization is 1 of anna howard shaw ' s closely childhood friends. searles is educated and refined, like a white gentleman's gentleman, motivate washington to nickname him " lead by the nose flake. " the burn question is whether searles is sturdy plenty to last basic training and to kill in fighting. the route from butt against drills to battle action is a bumpy ace for the pitch black regiment. the soldiers suffer unnumberable hardships, but somehow they ne'er lose their morale. the army process the blackened soldiers like 2nd class citizens, subjecting them to racism and secernment. they follow devote only $ 10 a calendar month, whereas their white counterparts earn thirteen, and, for a recollective time, they birth to go without shoes, guns, oregon uniform. to make matters bad, the white military hierarchy is super loath to leave the blacks into activity, preferring instead to use them for manual labor. finally, still, the regiment receives its boots, uniforms, rifle, and right to oppose, thanks to the stubborn resolve of colonel shaw. shaw get absolute religious belief in his soldier, and he fights tooth and nail to get them what they deserve, even if it means threatening a general with blackmail. broderick, in fact, is most convincing in the view where shaw stands upwardly for the regiment. unluckily, nonetheless, broderick ' s uneven execution be, in many respects, the weak link in the pic. in an drive to look more than mature, broderick summercater a moustache and a goatee, and throughout the film helium slips in and prohibited of a phony boston accent. he be never altogether win over as shaw since much of the time his emotions seem forced. the film spot too much weight on broderick ' s character and not enough on the black soldier, world health organization are more intriguing. glory regain lost primer with its harrowing depiction of war. the movie express the devastation of warfare without resorting to the unnecessarily computer graphic gore which marred born on the fourth of july. glory coiffure not try to rattle you with nauseating descent and guts. except for a few bullet wounds and one explode read/write head, the film, for the most part, leaves the gore to your imaging, which is not to say that the engagement scenes in glorification are timid. to the contrary, they are disorderly and horrifying; it ' s simply that film director edward v zwick (the co - creator of " thirtysomething ") films them with far more than shade and restraint than oliver stone could ever summon. the headstone to glory is the group dynamic among the black soldiers. the movie depict some of (but not enough of) their impost and rite. in one panorama, for example, the soldiers propel themselves by singing orison around the campfire. each man has a chance to relay a few words of inspiration. a couple of the motion picture ' sulphur most touching moments involve young black child look upward to the black soldiers with awe, disbelief and pridefulness. the regiment ' s greatest victory comes when the soldiers discern themselves in conflict, thereby earning the respect of their white peer and earning the purity of leading the climactic assault on fort wagner. like any war cinema, glory have its share of gloom and despair, but ultimately it proves to be a truly uplifting experience and an important story lesson, a valuable reminder that despite what the history books say (or, to a greater extent on the dot, what they do not say ), blacks playact a critically important role in the north ' s victory over the south - - forever changing the evolution of america. 