" you ' ll sound ape over tarzan of the apes because it ' s to a greater extent merriment than a barrel of monkeys! " ok, there ' s the quotation in case disney wants to cast something in their ads for the motion picture. walter elias disney ' s latest animated feature thrust us right into the action from the rattling beginning, skipping the usual master title sequence and putting usa on pitching wave as a small family attempts to escape from a sinking ship. sire, mother, and infant somehow make it to prop up amidst a rousing song by phil collins, and let soon built a treehouse which would impress the swiss family robinson. it ' s amazing, the kinds of things you tin can fare when you form to a soundtrack. before you know it, an unfortunate set of fortune invest the child in the workforce of kala (glenn close ), a mother ape who recently lost her ain babe to a predatory panthera pardus. against the want of her mate and family loss leader, kerchak (spear henricksen ), she take on the infant boy as her ain. tarzan is not so much a chronicle astir a human son surviving in the african jungles as it personify about one who does not in truth fit in either humanity oregon the wild. much of tarzan ' s youthful life live spent try to become ane of the apes in the eyes of his match and his " father, " which occasionally get him into trouble no matter how well - meant his attempts. all atomic number 2 ' s looking for is acceptance, perhaps a finish well identifiable by untried viewers, merely one which bequeath ring straight with a draw of adults. when you very mean astir it, this account fits right into the disney rule of the outcast that triumphs in the end. look back on retiring walter elias disney animate feature and you ' ll see the trend. growing up, tarzan of the apes (voiced by alex d. linz as a child, and by tony sam goldwyn as an grownup) has a couple of friends. i is an aper named terk (rosie o ' donnell ), and the other is a paranoid hypochondriac of an elephant name tantor (wayne horse ). both cater the needful comic relief (timon and poombah from the lion king at once come to mind) and perform the common high jinks as prescribed by the disney mould. i ' m beginning to think anyone bottom drop a line the screenplay for ane of these cinema. just fill in the lacuna! can you check it? " forthwith we make to own a couple of zany friends for out hero world health organization might father him into mischief, but cover for him or derive to his rescue when he needs it. we ' ve already accept a fish and a crab, and we ' ve feature a candle and a teapot, a jinnee and a dog, a few pit statues. .. . have we have an emulator and an elephant yet? well, there we give out! " of course, in that location ' s gotta be romanticism somewhere along the bank line, so jane (minnie device driver) gets introduced astir halfway through. unitedly with her beginner dr. porter (nigel hawthorne) and the full grown biz hunter clayton (brian blessed ), jane be on an expedition to find and analyse the uncivilised gorillas of africa. she divulge the gentleman raised by ape and embody enchanted almost right away, and soon share an amusing version of the compulsory " you tarzan, me jane " scene. gratefully, those aren ' t the exact word. however, i found it distracting that tarzan of the apes is going " ohh ohh electrical engineering electrical engineering " one s and then tells jane his name in this manful voice with perfect diction. how does atomic number 2 tell his name to another imitator? " ohh ohh ee - tarzan - electrical engineering ee ohh? " well, regardless of my finicky nature, the romance in reality work as only disney romance can: purely contrive, just for some reason rather credible. simply hey, tarzan of the apes ' s a young adult. do you think he dated a few of the female emulator before meeting jane? isn ' t that illegal in most area? oh, substantially. i don ' t think disney will be using my inverted comma any longer. tarzan departs from the usual disney feature in that this one comprise non a melodious. in that respect ' s lots of music to be trusted, but non a individual fictitious character song in the whole hour and a half of lam time. we alternatively get more of a phil collins concert, as no less than five spot of his original songs be habituate as interlude cloth. this isn ' t really a bad matter, as the songs are very high - energy and catchy (one found myself singing one to myself for most of the undermentioned clarence shepard day jr. ); it ' s just different. do yourself a favour and see to it this film in a theatre with a good sound organisation, because the music will come through astonishingly good and really enhance the picture. with each new feature, walt disney animation get even better. not necessarily by leaps and leap, but since they put out a fresh picture each year, a steady rate of improvement is apparent, and this definitely exhibit in tarzan. there are a couple of scenes where the animation achieves a near 3 - five hundred gist, and a identification number of prospect which boast tarzan of the apes moving through the tree are absolutely dizzy. the way atomic number 2 slide down tree limb and luggage compartment is very reminiscent of skateboarding and rollerblading maneuvers, and had pine tree state thinking this isn ' tetraiodothyronine just tarzan, information technology ' s " extreme tarzan. " however, tarzan answer not appear to accept what i call information technology " chandelier scene, " which is the nonpareil tantrum to which the animators have chosen to devote an excessive amount of endeavour, utilizing a computer - assisted cognitive process that makes the animation absolutely breathtaking. survive but a few second at most, information technology ' s been the signature of nearly every disney reanimate feature article since beauty and the beast, in which the palace ballroom chandelier be rendered in stunning point. as usual, the voice talent is up to snuff, convincingly make you believe in the article of faith of alive characters. the one wretched choice in casting, still, personify rosie o ' donnell. going into the film, i didn ' t recognize she was yet a part of it, but when terk started peach, single recognized her voice immediately. her performance was hunky dory, but through with the remainder of the film i continue thought, " that ' s no boy emulator, that rosie type o ' donnell. " distracting to say the least. i ' ll admit one ' ve never record the edgar elmer reizenstein burroughs story " tarzan of the apes of the apes, " so ane couldn ' t tell you how true this film stays to the book. but unless you ' re a purist, you should have few remonstrance to this motion picture. with satisfying performances, action, adventure, a flake of love story, and great music and brio, tarzan should invoke to the kids and to the kid in all of us. note: when i wrote my review of mulan a year ago, i went cancelled on the promotional and trade tie - in prevailing with the discharge of a walt disney animated feature. this time, i ' ll only order that i went to mcdonald ' s yesterday to treat myself to a mcflurry, and tarzan of the apes be on the cupful. ' nuff say. 