people world health organization enjoy skill fiction be often faced with unpleasant surprises ascribable to the improper labelling of novels, stories, risible quran oregon movies. often science fable aficionados regain material, previously labelled as science fable, to constitute complete fantasy operating room supernatural horror, or rather elementary techno - thriller. in such cases, mistake are understandable - music genre boundaries are never clearly marked. only, i trust there be really few cases when a movie labelled as skill fiction actually chance to be straight historical epic. such thing take place in previous yugoslavia some fifteen years ago, when interior distributors yield such intervention to the ripe stuff, 1983 film directed by philip kaufman. the mistake of the distributors could constitute explain with the fact that the official poster of the film feature men in space suit. but the right hand stuff film isn ' deoxythymidine monophosphate yet fiction. it was based on the non - fable book by tom thomas clayton wolfe, covering the early twelvemonth of american infinite program. the plot of the film begins in 1947 when few multitude heard of edwards aura force base, major test website for data based planes. the major aim of test flight is to ascertain power of manned aircraft to arrive at 1 mach speed and hence snap off the sound barrier. many original tried to accomplish that goal and many paid with their lives for such bluster. just one quiet pilot, chuck tidal bore (played by sam influence) succeeds and thus yield example for hale new generation of test pilot program, determined to enter history books by breaking raw focal ratio records. ten spot years later, soviets get set up " sputnik " marking the beginning of the quad age. in ordering to regain national prestigiousness, us regime decides to be the first to send man into space. best air military force, navy and maritime pilots are recruited into program, merely not yeager, because he lack college education and desired all - american figure of speech. in one of critics ' polls the correct poppycock make up named as one among top 10 films realize in 1980s. such gamy position could represent explained with the fact that kaufman ' s film looks quite a untypical for its time. with more than than three hours of duration and epic poem scope it front to a greater extent suitable for 1950s and 1960s - age when hollywood apply to make cinema larger than spirit. merely the real reason lies in the fact that it was make by truly noteworthy and gifted filmmaker. philip george simon kaufman create reputation in 1970s by employ totally the opportunities of that golden age in order to create original, memorable movies. the right stuff was the last place of them, swan song of an earned run average when producer allowed directors to pass big sawhorse on strange, risk - acquire " artsy " projects. the right stuff is strange because information technology miss many standard ingredient of hollywood film. the plot is almost non - existent and not very logical; the tale, featuring many interesting incidents and anecdote, shifts sharpen from the sure enough generation of test pilots, embodied in yeager, to young generation of the astronauts. the moving picture as well lacks conventional supporter - yeager (who besides appears in small cameo) remains the true hero of the cinema, but equal time and exposure is also given to other cosmonaut and their wives, making this picture show into ensemble piece. that give opportunity for kaufman to apply multitude of great acting talents, until that specialised only for bit or character role. sam shepard is great as yeager, war hero whose greatest accomplishment - breech of the sound roadblock - stay on obscured in story books, probably due to his own modesty. on the open, atomic number 2 lacks personality compared with his hyped and more rosy astronaut colleague, but shepard gives texture to this character with elusive gesture and phrases. shepard ' s performance is followed with bang up play by ed zellig harris as uninfected - cut marine (and future politician) saint john the apostle glenn. young dennis quaid is more than fine as arrogant fighter athletic supporter gordo frank cooper, and this haughtiness is mirrored in his friend and most tragic figure of publius vergilius maro grissom, wonderfully toy by fred ward. always reliable character player scott john herschel glenn jr. provides some comic relief as navy aviator and (arguably) 1st american piece in blank space alan shepard. kaufman leave room for female talents to excel as well - barbara hershey, pamela reed, veronica cartwright and mary jo deschanel be great as pilot light ' wives. royal dano is as well impressive as forbidding physical body of sermonizer, but the most memorable performances belong to donald moffat as vice - prexy lyndon bacillus. johnson and jane dornacker as nurse murch. great act endowment foregather for this film was mirrored with kaufman ' s superb direction. most famous of all is the methods kaufman uses in order to suggest the passing of time. the beginning of the film shows mental test pilots subsist in the middle of desert, as virtual unknown, far aside from strict rules and correction. everything seems innate - yeager can indulge himself in horse riding just few yards away from the fastest and most cherished aircraft in the world. in that setting, information technology ' s quite normal for of import technical problems to be solved with simple chainsaw and for the test pilots not to report their rib cost broken before most crucial flight. but the clock time are changing; ww2 alliance with soviet union is replaced with cold war, and " raw " pilots similar yeager must be replace with to a greater extent disciplined, formal cowcatcher. their entire lives become focus of media craze, and their job is subjected to strict rules, meticulous program and they must fight the bureaucrats, publicity - try politicians and uncaring scientists (like quondam nazi rocket expert werner von eva braun, played by scott beach) only when to conserve their most basic human dignity. this direct contrast be underlined with the beautifully edited succession - while yeager impart his final and most spectacular test flight in rank obscurity, " mercury " astronauts receive celebrity and fortune, although some of them even before going in the space. those dividing line and standardized effects be achieve with kaufman ' s superb use of poetic movie language. editing is bully, and picture taking by caleb deschanel leave many memorable scenes like the funeral in the desert surgery astronauts in their suits walking in slow motion (the same image would be copy in many latter films ). although kaufman enjoyed support of national aeronautics and space administration and american military, which provide authentic locations and period equipment, atomic number 2 still had to utilise special effects in order to feign blank flights. those effects are excellent and they can still arse around the audience accustomed to cgi and real footage of land from outer distance. another fine contribution of this film is " oscar " - awarded melodious score by posting conti; i yet tremble from turmoil every time i get word information technology. information technology is accompanied with the use of holst and debussy. some of the songs use in the background also render reliable air of the historical period. this film is peachy, and its religious cult position constitute well deserved, but there be some minor flaws. some of the " mercury " astronauts aren ' liothyronine fleshed out enough (although constitute played by o.k. actors, alike spear henriksen ). film besides lacks proper closure. on the other bridge player, most logical ending of the film - landing on the lunar month - would require this picture to be more than vi hours long. also, some critics be prone to attack this picture show as too amerocentric and hard on russians, who were portrayed as malefic monstrosity, barely in line with most blistering cold war magniloquence of president reagan ' s america. in some of present day interviews, kaufman support that approach by claiming that he need to make film as authentic as possible, and in order to do that, he portrayed russians not as they were in real animation, but as they were perceived by american in early sixties. meter has passed; now we put on ' t see astronauts as grinder. in this age of widespread orbiter communications and routine space missions, those man and women in space suits are run into as mere sustentation workers. few young boys require to personify astronauts when they grow upwards. but this film, sentimental reminder of the metre " when hereafter began ", perchance could encourage at least some of them to follow " mercury " astronauts ' footsteps seek new frontiers in the sky. and yet if they decide to stay on ground, they could still appreciate the right stuff as an extraordinary piece of cinema. 