ok, let ' s get one thing straight right aside: maximum risk is no battlewagon potemkin (although it does hold some russians in information technology! ), just it ' s non to a fault bad, in truth. it ' s the new film from ringo getaway, the latest hong kong movie maker to defect to hollywood, and stars that minor league schwartzeneggar from belgium, jean - claude van damme (who, you leave recall, also asterisk in john woo ' s maiden hollywood movement, hard fair game ). in getaway ' s film, van damme plays alain moreau, a gallic fuzz (at least his accent makes more sense here than information technology did in hard target) who discovers that he was separated shortly after parturition from a twin brother who was adopted by russians. these russian defect to the united states and move into a black neighbourhood in raw house of york (where, i suppose, they thought they wouldn ' t be noticed ). this brother, mikhail suverov (played in his few aspect by. .. intimately, you roll in the hay ), becomes deeply involved in the russian maffia and the fbi (about the same affair, i guess ), and is killed in france (in the movie, things happen thusly tight that you don ' t have too much time to think about how unearthly this all is ). moreau does what any good surviving twin blood brother would do and goes to new house of york to regain out why mikhail constitute killed, and why everyone in anatole france world health organization knows anything about him is also being killed (we wonder the like affair; i still do ). in little odessa, he meets mikhail ' s girlfriend, alex (natasha henstridge, last seen in species ), who helps him solve the mystery and adds immeasurably to the mise - nut - scene (she has very courteous breast, and we get to seen them briefly in this movie; it was grade r in the us but be pg hither, so they must have seen more of her breasts than we act ). this film lacks the gloss and high production value of such other action flick as broken pointer, the momentary, hard target, or anything starring arnold, but that work to it benefit, ane retrieve. after all, one matter that ' s make up missing from woo ' sulphur hollywood films is that certain hong kong funkiness that we all do it and be intimate (good, some of u do ). movies alike this shouldn ' t be too ostentatious, and that cost part of the problem with some of these early films: they try on to personify too " big " in terms of extra effects and sheer spectacle. maximum risk experience its share of railroad car chase and explosions, but they don ' t overwhelm the movie surgery detract our care from the narrative (not overly much, anyway ). the accent throughout is on the characters and their interactions (even if, at times, they put on ' t do a hell of a set of common sense ). in fact, unmatched of the more interesting view of the film is a minor character, a rather overeager new york cabbie (straight from the shoulder van keeken from television set ' s " thomas kyd in the hall " ), who start as something of a jest but becomes an important part of the story. unfortunately, by the time we hold number to really make interested in him, he. .. intimately, you ' ll see. the movie too features some hardening pieces of the type that we have come in to expect from getaway and his hong kong compatriot. one is a fight in a russian sauna, with lots of sweaty, muscular male person flesh (this one leave appeal to certain part of the hearing more than others ), bullets in read/write head, and vodka. another, my personal favorite, is a engagement in a core packing material house, featuring pig carcass and a chain saw. and even the predictable car chase are more hong kong than hollywood, as they scrap those olde worlde french cafes, vegetable carts, and, well, french masses that, we all know in our spirit, deserve trashing barely for being so damn quaint. of course of action, the movie does have its share of absurdity. for exemplar, while beating the crap out of an obnoxious russian thug world health organization obviously deserves what helium ' s incur, alain stops long enough to look at his own reflection in the cracked mirror with which he has been whacking the cat on the brain. in an unnecessarily striking moment, he plainly follow shocked at what he regard, at what helium has become. but what has he go? a tough bull world health organization beats the hell out of a guy rope who tried to kill him? doesn ' t sound as well undue to me, considering the genre. just let ' s grimace it, any time van damme effort to be dramatic, he search silly. thus maximal risk is a little different from most other action films. while watching it, i embody surprise, and a little disappointed, in the relative deficiency of pyrotechnic. merely view some of these other action cinema be sort of same experience a lettuce rush; after the initial excitement, there ' s non much left. although information technology ' s short on spectacle, getaway ' s film leaves a better and more durable imprint, i cogitate. ace ' m more impressed by it at once than i be while learn it, and to maine, that ' s a good sign. go see maximal peril, simply don ' t expect a typical hollywood action movie; expect a kind of funky hong kong - hollywood natural action movie. the fly inkpot paygrade system: * wait for the tv2 broadcast. * * a little creaky, but however better than stay at home with gotcha! * * * somewhat good, lend a acquaintance. * * * * amazing, virile clobber. * * * * * idol. get word it twice. dr t. white teach film at the english language and literature section of the national university of singapore, just we put on ' t hold this against him. 