note: some may consider destiny of the following text to comprise mollycoddler. comprise forewarned. the vexer laggard for my best champion ' s wedding scarsely gave reason for hope - it looked corresponding the sort of goofy, light - hearted funniness than might put julia roberts back in the limelight, only little more; i ' d frankly rarely seen a trailer place such an emphasis on multitude falling over for laughs so often. it was then to both my surprise and my delectation to find that my best friend ' s wedding party was such a success - a potent, bouyant amorous - comedy with some in spades unconventionally quirky comic aspects, featuring a triumphant performance from ms. roberts. the heroine of my best friend ' s wedding is julianne ceramicist (julia roberts ), a successful new york restaurant critic, and we open the film with a whimsical revelation to her editor george downes (rupert everett) that years ago, she receive made a pact with her dear best friend and ex - lover michael o ' neal (dermot mulroney ), a sports writer, that if they both hadn ' t married by the meter they accomplish 28, they had promised to marry each other. both julianne and michael are both single, of course, and when george iv inquires about michael ' s age, julianne understand that he ' s simple weeks away from his 28th birthday, and is rather distressed when she receive a phone call from michael later that day. however, she finds herself still more distraught when michael ' s call is in wish to his impending marriage to heiress kimmy wallace (cameron diaz ), and when helium asks julianne to fly down to chicago for the wedding, julianne suddenly realizes that she do it michael, and resolves to break up the nuptials and steal the groom by any means necessary. the setup for my best champion ' s wedding, then, is a fairly conventional one, and in many ways the film ' s storyline is formulaic - but only to a certain extent: the film was direct by atomic number 15. j. hogan, whose first feature, muriel ' s wedding, stimulate quite an offbeat tone of voice for a traditional uplifting ugly - duckling story, and the same holds true for my best friend ' s marriage, which confidently combines traditional romantic - comedy elements with a really eccentric sense of humour. the photographic film is innundated with sly devilry which seems clearly the influence of mr. hogan. for example, there ' s a heartfelt, emotional exchange between julianne and michael late in the film - with a trio of stripling, inhale helium and sounding every bit like alvin and the chipmunk, harmonizing in the background. my best friend ' s wedding opens with an inspired opening credit episode which sets the tone for the photographic film, and there are scenes where actors spontaneously burst into sung dynasty to good comic effect - it could almost be argued that this film is well nigh as much of a musical as woody allen ' mho everyone says i love you; i ' d even affirm it ' s a more successful one. my serious friend ' s wedding donjon unwrap conventionality with its characters as well. in a typical romantic - comedy, kimmy would comprise portrayed as a snooty, conniving ice queen, and the audience would be pep up for julianne to rescue michael from her grasps; this moving picture is smarter than that - here, kimmy is gratifying, sincere, and innocent; julianne even admits at one point that had she not resolved to utterly destroy kimmy ' s life, she ' d in reality like her too. the george v character exist almost a staple of recent film - the homosexual male friend of the heroine who acts as a intimate and provides the guiding voice of rationality - but in my best ally ' s wedding, he gets to have a playful, mischievous and charming personality. throughout the motion picture show, the formulaisms i much sees is romantic - funniness are given little twists, and the result be a film which be oblige all the direction to information technology middling unorthodox conclusion. on that point is a lot of bright writing in the wellspring - pace screenplay by ronald bass; we ' re given tetrad interesting, vivid, and likeable characters, with some just dialogue and some genuinely charming and touching instant. my good friend ' s wedding marks a hard career rebound for julia roberts, world health organization turns in a top - notch, confident and reassured performance as julianne. this isn ' t the kind of role one usually associates with ms. roberts - the julianne character ' s neurotic, fumbling characteristic are more in line with a meg ryan role - but ms. roberts works wonderfully in the film and demonstrates her aptitude at comedy here, remaining compelling and empathic to the audience, if not entirely sympathetic, even when her deeds done to destroy the wedding plans of her best admirer are less than honourable. even better than sm. henry martyn robert though is cameron dias, who turns in a shining performance in my good friend ' s weddding. with a smiling which lights up the screen, she effectively convey kimmy ' due south insecurity and staring fragrancy in an endearing manner, and ne'er hits a false note in the film. she even sings - i won ' t before long forget her tempt serenade of " i just preceptor ' metric ton know what to serve with myself ". rupert everett is give a really juicy role as george ii, and atomic number 2 draw the most of it with a hilarious turn which make up his character perhaps the most vivid and most memorable in the film. his george comprise a piece of a devilish rogue, entirely genial, and mr. everett ' s performance be a pleasure to watch; he ' s clear having fun, and his joy represent infectuous. dermot mulroney is adequate in a thankless role - different the other characters in the film, he ' s not given a set to do, but there is a actual onscreen chemistry between ms. roberts and mr. mulroney, and consequently the longstanding friendship between his michael character and the julianne character always seemed completely authentic. when julia roberts ' lustre began to blow over, and she was usurped from her title as " america ' s sweetheart " by sandra bullock, i thought it was a canny career move on her part to require supporting character in prestige projection like michael collins and everyone say i love you to raise her profile. while that didn ' t quite workplace come out, it ' s near - certain that her successful return to the genre which made her a prominent star back in 1990, the romantic - clowning, will in one case again raise her ante in the hollywood game. my safe supporter ' s wedding marks a coming back to take form for meter. oral roberts, and cement p. j. hogan ' s reputation as a skilled director of comedy. 