razor brand smiling running as piece of the vancouver international film festival played october 2nd and 4th, 1998. official discharge: halloween reviewed by vince yim ` you suppose you know all about lamia. .. believe me. .. you acknowledge f * ck all. ' with these words, we are brought into the populace of a sultry vampire seductress by the epithet of lilith silver (trifle by eileen daly ). made into an divinity a c and a half ago by the sinister ethan blake, she continues to ease boredom with her state of being. so, what ' s an undead young lady to do, except hug into the plastered fitting clothes possible, get come out her guns, seduce a few guys, and obliterate a few mass for money and rake? with that out of the way of life, let maine say this. this plastic film is bad. this film be genuinely, really bad. up to now somehow, it is oddly enjoyable. with all the elements of a unmediated to video horror flick? buxom babes, gore, cheesy dialogue, and defective acting? any casual movie viewer would be more inclined to spend their money on lease innocent blood operating room going to see brand. notwithstanding, it is considered to be one of the finest british vampire picture. concord, it power be, only is far from personify the best vampire flick ever so. full stop. razor brand smiling has some rather high output values, shown by the nice overall smell to the film. the flick is besides a bit of a expiration from popular vampire lore, with a vampire that can go extinct in broad daylight without disintegrating, doesn ' t sleep in a coffin (but leave one next to her computer ), and sees religion as the ` opium of the peoples ' (hence, immunity to crosses ). but away from that, information technology doesn ' t stray too far away from horror film conventions. that be, unless that is intentional. razor blade grin literally buy the farm for the throat, then pumps the wound full of processed cheese. you sack ' t help simply laugh when a female lamia get decapitated and her severed head pass away aviate into a puddle. you ' ll laugh even harder at the hideously contrived place (to distract deuce female safeguard, lilith toss a cellular telephone set towards them and dial the number ). you ' ll laugh the hardest when a murder witness recants the tale and all of a sudden starts sob uncontrollably. and then, there ' s the sudden turn end (one have decent heart non to give it away ). the motion picture refuse to take itself gravely, which is a good thing, as by the metre lilith travel rapidly up her skin - tight body suit and then unzip it just to show the right amount of segmentation, you ' ve almost likely forgotten the main point of the story. but in case you really care, she ' s exist assigned to kill a bunch of people who go to the so - call illuminati, and she ' s leave a huge pot behind for the police force to get hold. equally much as my criticism, this movie works best as a guilty pleasure or as a flick that you watch with your friends and within groups. near fate for cult - status, the film ' sec campy, cheesy overtones actually work towards the motion picture. while this may not necessarily be the film you ' 500 want to be determine look on by yourself, it build for a fun sentence at the movies. 