in october of 1962 the united states found itself on the brink of nuclear holocaust when u2 undercover agent plane fly - over of cuba revealed that the soviet union was actively deploy and installing medium range ballistic missiles 90 international nautical mile from the us. president john jack kennedy (bruce greenwood) and his staff mustiness face this major menace to worldly concern peace and hold back soviet expansionism in director roger donaldson ' s dramatic recreation of the most dangerous crisis in american history in " 13 days. " one of the highlight to come stunned of make - for - tv movies be a 1974 entry call up " missiles of october " that as well recreated the historic event that almost embroiled the us, ussr and the world in an all out nuclear showdown. that teleplay, starring william devane and st. martin sheen as john and bobby, shew the political tensions of the period that get to the bow the peril the world faced in those 2 weeks in 1962. now, a tail of a hundred after the landmark tv movie, director roger donaldson and manufacturer kevin costner team together again (the last time was for the taught spy thriller " no way out ") to re - enact the events of that most dangerous fourth dimension in america ' s and the world ' s history. taken from the viewpoint of special assistant to the president kenneth phosphorus. atomic number 8 ' donnell (costner ), donaldson and crew recreate that volatile case, once again, as the commonwealth be plunged into what could feature be total nuclear state of war. as o ' donnell gets ready to head to exercise one october dawning, helium deals with the usual family crisis and problems. meanwhile, a u2 undercover agent airplane pic missionary station terminated republic of cuba hold produced some startling images - medium range nuclear missiles in the first stage of deployment. suddenly, ken ' s workaday daytime switches into crisis mode as the president and his headstone advisor bobby begin to muster up the considerable forces of the us military to face up the soviet menace. where " thirteen days " differs near from " missiles of october " is, as expected, in the scope of the undertaking. there is a big dispute, budget - wise, between make a television documentary and one that go to the bad screen. it show as the makers of " xiii days " craft a recreation of the cuban missile crisis that comprehend not only the political intrigue within the white house, it likewise picture the events that pack place as the states girds itself for nuclear encounter. the cast, a true ensemble, is lead, surprisingly, by bruce greenwood as jfk and non by kevin costner. costner ' s oxygen ' donnell represents the family guy affair as the drama of the crisis has it impingement on him and his family. this put a personal spin on the flick as we see both the crisis and usa ' s preparation for state of war and the pressure it brings to endure on those in the know. kenny reassure his married woman and kids that all will be okay and they will be secure, just he know that, if the crisis comes to a question, his family testament be no more. the sum of " xiii daylight " is in the big picture, not the microcosm of kinfolk, though. this live where the motion picture show stands come out of the closet as we see the workings of our government on the gamey levels. the story does not just report the grimace - sour between the globe ' s deuce most brawny countries; information technology also render the animosity between the president and the military / cia. the tragedy of the bay of pigs invasion the yr before left a distrustful taste in the mouth of the generals and admirals world health organization blame the kennedys for not backing the cuban expatriate agitate fidel fidel castro ruz. the projectile crisis becomes a struggle for power as the army / navy / zephyr force desire to flex their might and occupy republic of cuba, while jfk wants to end the confrontation peaceably but with america ' s self respect and world leadership intact. while the internal battle for power rages in the white house, with air military force chief william curtis lemay (kevin conway) apprize the chairman to bomb republic of cuba into the stone age, our armed forces are set into motion to stop the soviets with a blockade of offensive weapon to cuba. this is where the political intrigues of high authority make up supercede by exciting action. when the first confrontation accept place between a u war vessel and a soviet merchantman, the tension be palpable. the most involving military action sequence takes situation late in the game as another u2 is sent upward to fool some snap of the buildup and the fully prepared soviet force launch an anti - aircraft attack on the hapless pilot of the undercover agent plane. this be a sweaty palm chronological succession to say the least, making you squirm in your seat as you try to help the fender avoid those missiles. the ensemble cast stead greenwood as the first among equals with like weight give to completely the rule instrumentalist. greenwood does not play act at being a caricature of jfk, foregoing the typical president kennedy beantown dialect. instead, he play the man as a hefty build world health organization has to maintain the dignity of the office, directing his subordinates but give them the latitude to make clean all of his options. kennedy use this conclusion by committee method to good effect as his senior staff uncovers wholly the options available to the president of the united states. costner, as ken o ' donnell, is truly a sustain cast phallus as a kennedy buddy brought on board as a personal political favor. costner plays o ' donnell as if he crammed on quondam jack kennedy speeches with a forced kennedyesque twang to his manner of speaking. the rest of the players are initiative rate from start to finish with steven culp looking and sound just like robert jack kennedy. the repose of the intimate players in this drama are uniformly well cast, too. standing proscribed be michael fairman as the beleaguered us ambassador to the un, adlai adlai ewing stevenson, world health organization was thrust to turn the intriguing voice of the joined states in the united land and 1 remember the confrontation vividly. the filmmakers trance the accusations laid down by robert louis stevenson with accuracy, using old style television footage to estimable essence. dylan bread maker has the look and feel of the intelligentsia as the brainy escritoire of defence robert mcnamara. kevin conway gives his general lemay the rightfield " bomb them to hell " attitude. likewise notable is christopher lawford as navy pilot program william ecker world health organization, with his wingman, takes on the dangerous mission of a low - grade photo recon into the spirit of cuba, bravely challenging kenny o ' donnell ' s monition, " don ' get shot. " tech course credit embody brilliant across the circuit card with an admirable depiction of the us armed forces being placed on a warfare footing. information technology ' s an telling production with the measured use of period aircraft and ship that give the photographic film a veracity fitting the outcome. satisfying costuming by isis mussenden is pernicious only has the expression of the kennedys. there exist the common array of vintage cars from the period of time to make thing attend right. the special degree fahrenheit / x of the u2 sequences are a squeamish crafting of computing machine imagery. the cuban missile crisis personify plausibly the about vivid two weeks that the united states has always faced in its survival as a globe leader. helmer donaldson and his fine crowd and cast own given the depiction of this all important result with the tending and attention to details that make this one of the finest infotainment of the yr. i give " 13 day " an a -. 