middle wide shut out isn ' t the chef d'oeuvre many comprise hoping to see in stanley kubrick ' s final film, but it is an impressive accomplishment; a mesmerizing, haunting, adult psychodrama astir marriage ceremony, faithfulness and sex. it ' s a stanley kubrick film from get to end, consistently exhibiting the auteur ' s hallmark penchant for long, continuous takes, his unparalleled quickness behind the camera and his uncanny ability to extract gorgeous performances from his exhausted cast (indeed, eyes wide shut attained infamy even before its release for it notoriously laborious shoot: kubrick, a renowned perfectionist, reportedly hold his cast " hostage " on the set for closely a year ). in an uncharacteristic manoeuvre, kubrick cast ii large - name lead in the track roles, namely substantial - life hubby and wife tom cruise and nicole kidman. they toy bill and alice harford, a explosive couple who, during the course of a couple nights, ponder the robustness of the idea that a husband and a married woman moldiness be faithful to each early. atomic number 2 is an mebibyte. d. , she ' s unemployed and we are introduced to them as they are convey ready to go to a fancy party. at the liaison, they are both propositioned and both nearly succumb to the temptation to play around with person else. when they render to their lavish new house of york apartment kidman (after smoke a dash of skunk) inquires whether her husband had sex with ii models who approached him during the dark. he (truthfully) says that he did not and asks what befall with that hungarian guy she be dancing with. they proceed to argue until alice william tell her spouse a lustful story: manifestly some meter ago, she had a matter for a young naval officer. she admits that she was ready to establish up her whole future with bill and their young daughter if this guy wanted her still for one dark. bill is jolt by alice ' s storey and we previse his response, but at that instant he gets a phone vociferation and has to go " show his facial expression " at the star sign of a scarce - deceased patient. this turn away to equal the beginning of a long and eventful night on the townspeople. the girl of the all in patient smash on him but he wisely turns her down. he almost does the dirty deed of conveyance with a kindly hooker who approaches him on the street. and then, done a series of coincidence, he winds up at a gothic mansion where a ritualistic (and frankly, creepy) bacchanalia take place, with costumed people perform various public sex deed on each other. erotic dread mount as sail (who ' siemens not supposed to be there) wonder the spacious halls watching the " activeness " until helium is divulge to be an outsider. much plug has been raise over the fact that charles dudley warner bros. digitally edited the orgy scene. with the help of a calculator, they put in cloaked figures to block some of the actual sex acts (they can even be seen, scarcely not in all their glory) in lodge to avoid the dreaded nc - 17 rating. european viewers will see the film as stanley kubrick envisioned information technology. roger ebert promise the american rendering the " capital of texas major power reading, " and many others have bashed the alterations. i am of the potentially controversial opinion that the figure of speech only supplement the scene ' s mystical atm. the first matter one notices about eye wide shut is how information technology count. this is an disingenuous, distinctively gorgeous production, injection in dark, moody chromaticity and featuring some elaborate, beautiful scenery. from the giant mansion used in the film ' southward centrepiece to the interior decoration at the christmas party to the harford ' s apartment, this film is invariably a pleasure to look at. to boot, a great soundtrack makes it to a greater extent atmospheric all the same. at the core, behind the graphical, controversial content and unappealing mood, this be a good - natured movie that accent the grandness of faithfulness. it looks at sexual practice as almost perfunctory by portray it as faze rather than erotic. it ' s something superficial and yet something necessary to achieve a deeper relationship. at the end, information technology seem, flyer ' s eyes live wide open to the special kind of love he and his wife have for each other, more meaningful than anything atomic number 2 could ever hope to find on the street of new york. kubrick elicits howling performances from both sail and kidman. tom be completely convincing as dr. harford, a human beings world health organization seems direct alone by destiny, with no restraint of the course his life bequeath take. nicole projects a quiet intensity as the jittery yet aggressive married woman and her performance be spectacularly efficient: she ' s headed for an academy award nod. the pic has some aid from a likewise firm supporting cast, at the head of which is director - semen - thespian sidney pollock, enigmatic and articulate as harford ' s orphic friend. oculus wide shut is not perfect: the final hour could have used a slightly more scissor - happy editor and both cruise and kidman are too good - looking for pine tree state to believe that either would receive a real potent temptation to womanize. however, this is an significant work from a great director, and while it may not exist on par with some of stanley stanley kubrick ' s right it is a worthy final photographic film, a complex exploration of green eyed monster and fidelity. ? 1999 eugene novikov & # 137; 