capsule: this be a torturing looking at at a rarely dramatized chapter of wwii, aliveness in a japanese prison summer camp. to finish all wars is a moving film astir the struggle of prisoners to hold back their humanity and their lordliness. the middling religious rendering may not be to everyone ' s taste. , + ternary (- tetrad to + little joe ) more than any other people the nipponese seem open of dissemble with one end and non letting any other consideration get in their way. this may comprise a holdover from the code of bushido when loyalty to ones skipper be the only law. during world war ii, of course, the one destination was winning the state of war. this led them to get along some very cold blooded things in hobby of that goal. when the nipponese had captured prisoners, they were really much treated in any way would be optimum for achieving the one goal. minimum resource were to be drop in maintaining prisoners in keeping with maximal positive yield. while the germans, not known for their kindness in those daylight, had a 6% fatality rate rate among captured prisoner of war, the fatality rate pace of nipponese prisoner of war be 27%. the best thing for the war effort was working captive most to destruction on the thailand to burma railway. that railroad was need if japan was to set on india as information technology be after to do. the best matter for the cause was not to waste much food on the prisoner and so short and amazingly wretched intellectual nourishment was the order of the day. and just be in the jungle without proper medical economic aid take its toll. in the public mind japan have never been held as accountable for state of war atrocities as was germany. movie maker have be reticent to tell the story, perchance for fear of outrage the japanese. there be comparatively few films astir the japanese pow camps. certainly there be david skimpy ' s the bridge on the river yuan. there were some humiliated - budget british exploitation films and that cost astir it. then there be tv series " a town like alice " and " tenko. " fifty the experience live forgotten we have a new film to end all wars directed by david merce cunningham and written by brian godawa. it is based on the explanation of ernest gordan who survived the horror of that world warfare ii prison camp and choke on to go for 26 years the james byron dean of the chapel service at princeton university. the film while naturalistic appearance the weather in the coterie as being considerably more brutal and sadistic than bridge on the river yuan portrayed them. the story unfold with half dozen or so soldiers live marched into the prison house camp only to be like a shot placed in front of a firing team. information technology turns taboo to be a grim joke, one of many that the sadistic japanese play to amuse themselves. beating and torture exist commonplace consequence. man already imprisoned tell the new arrivals to revel the net of their wellness; it will non last long with parasites and disease almost inevitable. even so, unlike as in kwai, the prisoners want to avoid go to the infirmary, called by the prisoners the death sign of the zodiac. indeed goes a war within a warfare with the prisoners trying to maintain their mankind and with the japanese trying to make them interchangeable and extremely expendable cog in a railing - egg laying political machine. this is more than than simply a battle of world health organization will win the war but a battle of political orientation. the nipponese believe that the someone make up naught, that conformity to grouping ' s norms is all that gives a life meaning. conformity be purpose. before the motion picture show is all over thither bequeath be some surprising revelations astir the character of the prisoners and the character of those running the camp. if this story showed nothing but sadism from the nipponese information technology would exist one kind of chronicle. if the british (with one american, by the fashion) and the nipponese learn to abide by each other it would comprise another kind of story. it be neither. information technology is a stirring and believable account of campy life. the color has be distorted in the film to render a washed away yellowish. this serves a double purpose for merce cunningham. it gives an outcome of technicolor plastic film that has been left in heat. it also create a distancing impression. the only touch that seems a small verboten of lieu is the use of gaelic euphony. this be a powerful and philosophical view of the prison camp experience. i pace information technology a 9 on the cipher to 10 scale and a + 3 on the - quatern to + tetrad scale of measurement. 