one know that " funnest " international relations and security network ' t a discussion. " fun " be a noun, and therefore cannot equal conjugated alike an adjective. only that ' s the word that came to me right after regard " poulet run. " no wonder: this live the kind of movie that reduces you to childish expressions, similar " that was the funnest movie unity ' ve always see! " so to hell with webster ' s - - " chicken outpouring " be one of the funnest motion picture i ' ve look in a while. i nates ' t think back the final clock time i ' ve seen anything funner. the chicken at tweedy ' s farm are up to something. living in a concentration camp - like atmosphere, they are led by one plucky biddy called ginger (voice of julia sawalha) who continually come up with plan for escapism - - and always gets caught, subsequently spending daylight after day in the coal boxwood. unity night, a nervy american rooster flies in all over the fence, calling himself rocky (mel gibson ), famed flying rooster and circus performing artist. rocky promises to teach the chickens how to vanish, and the situation develop more despairing as the nefarious mister. tweedy (miranda richardson) decide to give up the farm ' s egg - selling plan for a pie - selling plan. she order of magnitude a vast pie - making machine, cackling, " gallus gallus go in; pie come out. " what sort of proto indo european? wimp pies, of course. carbon monoxide - conductor nick common and his studio, aardman invigoration, produced three oscar - winning short moving picture show: " creature comforts, " " the faulty trouser, " and " a faithful shave. " the latter two be the second and third installments of a trilogy starring the delightful squad richard horatio edgar wallace & gromit, a man and his dog famed for catch themselves into increasingly singular adventures. office of what made the " wallace " films brilliantly entertaining was parking lot ' s eldritch power to shit an old story seem new. " the wrong trousers, " for example, pulled out a deal of old hitchcockian suspense magic trick, and " a close shaving " owe a enceinte deal of inspiration to classic detective stories. but in the hands of park and his team, the stories find impudent and inspired, and non the least bit contrived. now team with co - director peter lord, park has create a similar creature in " wimp run. " the plot personify largely abstract from " the outstanding outflow " (vigil for a quick reference to the egg - resile scene ), with some spielberg - inspired legal action sequences providing the excitement. matter live, the film doesn ' t feel like it ' s been lifted from somewhere else; " chicken bleed " smell fresh, alive, same null else e'er do. part of information technology is the original approximation: who in the creation fare up with the idea to make a prisoner - of - war film starring chicken? park and lord milk the incongruity for all information technology ' s worth: the character treat their situation as if information technology were dead sober, and to them, it personify. but they ' re * chickens *, so information technology ' s funny story to us. another thing that help " yellow run " (and most of park ' s plastic film) succeed is the animators ' subtle way of give nods to the very films they ' ray cribbing. there are extension to " the big escape, " patently, and " stalag seventeen. " the chase sequence privileged the gallus gallus grinder parodies both " plunderer of the lost ark " and " indiana casey jones and the synagogue of doom. " there ' s even a nod to " the blues brothers, " if you can believe it, and the movie maker yet receive in a petty light - hearted rib at the disbursement of their maven voice actor, involve a couple of very subtle jabs at mel gibson ' s nationality and picture chronicle. the " braveheart " reference be a razzing if you see it. when you consider just how fine a blood occupy between a funny parody and a tautologic one, " chicken run " is absolute brilliant in its execution. consider this: since july of last twelvemonth, ace ' ve see dozens upon dozens of " blair witch project " takeoff, on video, on the radio, and online. proscribed of all those, peradventure unmatched operating theater two were amusing, the rest tiresome. wherefore? because once you got retiring the thought that " they ' re parodying that ' blair beldam ' movie, " most of the parody had nothing to offer - - no insight, no original theme, no greater aim. they be only funny if you possess fancy the moving picture show; otherwise, you father nothing. conversely, " chicken run " doesn ' t lean on its pasquinade - - the film reference be ne'er the solitary focus of any tantrum. if you ' ve never see to it " indiana jones, " the following sequence be however fun. even if you give no melodic theme world health organization mel mel columcille gerard gibson is, rocky remains an interesting character. park, lord, and film writer karey kirkpatrick realize that an audience does non need a parody shoved in their faces before information technology ' s understood, and as a result, " chicken run " is filled with visual and verbal jabbing that are never too obvious, merely not quite vague either. enjoyment of this pic doesn ' t require cognition of film history, just if you ' ve got it, " chicken trial " is that much richer. the voice cast turns in uniformly lively performances, and the characters they act are given so many subtle refinement that information technology ' s hard non to fall in passion with every one of them. ginger is perfect, spunky and opinionated, but with a diffuse substance that prevent her to leave her companions behind, and julia sawalha (known as the cute mousy girl on " absolutely mythologic ") nails it. she has warm, human interpersonal chemistry with gibson, whose bouldery hides his personal doubt under a brash gung - holmium veneer. the characters ' inevitable romance language doesn ' t feel contrived, merely sweet. poor mr. tweedy (tony haygarth) mistrust the chicken are organizing in some way, merely his modified intellect prevents him from see things out, and his overbearing married woman certainly isn ' t any help. jane horrocks delivers a lovely vox characterization as tragically optimistic babs (a hen that runs away with most of the undecomposed one - liners, all while perpetually crocheting a sweater ), and two supply - trading skunk that appear to have walked straight out of a monty python sketch near slip the show during the lively central sweep - dancing sequence. they still come up with an elysian riff on something that ' s baffle scholars and theologians alike for decennium: the poulet quintet. egg dilemma. one might get bear this inevitable joke to come hit as wearisome, but as with most of " chicken run, " it comes as a delightful surprise. the film manages to cross all barrier; it should live accessible to both children and adults, british and yanks, crumb and wimp. the vivification is beginning - rate. call back that this was all coiffure the old - fashioned way of life, with actual humans moving clay figurines around on a petite set bit by painstaking bit, and you check just how truly remarkable " crybaby run " really is. this movie possesses that same quality that pull in pixar studio ' liveliness peachy: precise and unwavering attention to detail. as in such top - notch family fare as " a bug ' s aliveness " operating theater " toy story ii, " " chicken test " have something to offer in nearly every frame. certainly a passive viewer can revel information technology as a square story with a worthwhile moral and some astonishingly touching scenes, but a active, thoughtful tv audience will enjoy information technology even more because they ' ll catch all the details. anyway, the motion picture show ' s just a carload of fun. funnest damn movie iodin ' ve seen all year. 