the cave man ' s valentine star samuel l. jackson, ann magnuson, aunjanue ellis, tamara tunie screenplay by george dawes green, based on his novel calculate by kasi lemmons * * * for more plastic film, dvd and books about movie recap, addition one year reporting of the toronto international photographic film festival, visit _film freak central_ - http: / / filmfreakcentral. net | now with lookup engine * * * a strange mixture of _shine_, _basquiat_, _angel heart_, and grant morrison & dave mckean ' s vivid novel " arkham asylum ", _the troglodyte ' s valentine_ is a feverish tale of a homeless person madman - cum - detective who, on the morning of february 14th, discovers a " valentine " just outside his new york cave: one of ella fitzgerald ' s strange fruit, stuck in the crotch of a tree - - a young male model murdered and frozen to a branch. consider at first that his imagined nemesis petrus stuyvesant, shooting evil rays into his mind from atop the chrysler building, is responsible for the execution, romulus (samuel l. jackson) is put on the trail of an avant - garde photographer in the mapplethorpe mould, david leppenraub (colm feore ). his minor sleuthing interrupted by the occasional delusional fit and bouts with an ecstasy of macrocosm (romulus was a brilliant julliard - trained pianist prior to his psychosis ), romulus uncovers clues and harasses suspects on his way to convincing his police - char daughter (aunjanue ellis) that even though he ' s a freak, that doesn ' t mean that he throne ' t lick a gamey - profile society murder. every moment an exhausting workshop of ideas, and every reference the same, _the caveman ' s valentine_ is a construct indeed " in high spirits concept " that information technology suddenly became clear to me that the film fits into the comic book genre of entertainment, with romulus ' s " caveman " a slightly more mundane variation of todd mcfarlane ' s urban noir hero, spawn. with a long - vanished wife (tamara tunie) acting as a spiritual guide, the occasional social caste comment, the secret base in a cave, a diverging genius personality with a meshwork of informants and supporters, and a wickedly colourful arch - enemy, the film piles on the lurid comic book details and dizzy slapdash colours to such a lavish extent that i embody vaguely surprised that the profane law cars weren ' t inscribed with " gotham pd. " that being said, _the caveman ' s valentine_ can entirely genuinely bring home the bacon as a heroic meter phantasy, a frank miller graphic novel that has the audacity to impersonate the blood staining a field of virgin snow expanding to forge the anatomy of a affection. the difficulties with the flick spring from the misunderstanding that it somehow adheres to the conventions of a thriller or a police procedural when, in fact, _the caveman ' s valentine_ is a superhero fable that direct on the lawsuit of the homeless (over again like mcfarlane ' s spawn) while attacking the entrenched opinion classes in government and the arts. it is no small point that our hero, romulus, is not only named for a member of the ruling class who lived his life (in fable) without knowledge of his royal birth, but also that our romulus has turned his backbone on the comforts of the literati in favour of a mystical existence aliveness in a cave in a park. in the romulus mythology, signs of romulus ' royal blood is brought by twelve vulture, while in the flick, the call to action for our hero comes in the cast of not the carrion birds, but of the carrion itself. whether oregon not romulus of _the caveman ' s valentine_ will found a nation, or, in the case of novelist george dawes green, upon whose novel his ain screenplay is based, a franchise, the fact remains that _the caveman ' s valentine_ is easy the to the highest degree misunderstood film of 2001 thus far. it, along with m. night shyamalan ' s _unbreakable_, is a mature cinematic extrapolation of the graphic novel data format which have, since henry valentine miller ' s seminal " the dark knight returns ", redefined the comic medium as nonpareil suitable for mature ruminations on psychologically sticky topics. lector of sam keith ' s brilliant " the maxx " laughable series (or of mtv ' s short - lived animated adaptation of the same) are already intimate with the idea of a homeless gentleman's gentleman placed in the position of knight errant and world beater of his own misrepresented demesne. the failure of both " the maxx " television appearance and of _the caveman ' s valentine_ (not forgetting the initial backlash against _unbreakable_) suggests that the public may non follow ready for united states of america ' s surprising contributions to dark fantasy. luxuriantly lit, nervily saturated, and comical - panel framed with a masterly grace by cinematographer amy vincent (_death in venezia, ca_ ), while inhabiting robin standefer ' south (_practical magic_) hypnotize sets, _the caveman ' s valentine_ is an unremittingly gorgeous film. kasi lemmons, following up her brilliant 1997 debut, _eve ' sulphur bayou_, which played on similar themes of manufactured reality and religious mysticism, fulfills much of her immense promise with a tale of seraphs and recede male child, artists and excruciation. _the troglodyte ' s valentine_ is an elegant and piquant expression of promise for jurist in a canted landscape. clearly non for every taste, when approached with the correct image, information technology is one of the nigh stunning and intensely fascinating films of the year: a redefinition of the hero archetype for a post - modern audience with urine - stained wool trench coats in place of blue tights and ruddy mantle. _the caveman ' reciprocal ohm valentine_ is a fine and a courageous film, crazy enough to suggest that the excited yammering of an idiot savant is the best and truest fighter of parliamentary procedure in the chaos of eliot ' s rat ' s alley waste. 