elizabeth ii is a strong diachronic drama set in england in the mid - 1500s. information technology personify a time when stately royal ceremonies are equally commonplace as public burnings. internally, the catholic wage war against the protestants. meanwhile, spain, scotland and anatole france strategize their next move in the struggle for superpower. little does england be intimate that a young woman name elizabeth (cate blanchett) will follow their greatest hope for survival. the flick charts elizabeth ' s tumultuous struggle to clear rightful power over her kingdom. as a protestant, she is the last person any of the catholic royalty would need to exist queen. just her half - baby queen mary (kathy edmund burke ), deathly ill and ineffective to conceive a minor, pleas with elizabeth to assume all over the throne. mary give her her grace on only one condition: that elizabeth renounce her organized religion and uphold the teachings of catholicism across the land. in one case declare poove, elizabeth at once find herself under assault, both by her own subjects (including the duke of norfolk, played with steely - eyed grace by christopher eccleston) and by force overseas. lento merely surely, the neophyte ruler take england by its reigns and forges a fresh course for her kingdom. elizabeth be surround by a keenly drawn cadre of subjects and advisers. her confining ally be the mysterious sir francis walsingham (geoffrey benjamin rush, in a perfectly insidious public presentation ). also on her incline is sir william cecil (sir richard attenborough ), her well - meaning merely misadvise boss adviser. with few masses she can trust, elizabeth must prove her self - worth any fashion she can, still if information technology means being the atomic number 26 - fisted ruler she on the q.t. despises. blanchett deserves an oscar for her functioning as elizabeth ii. she present the immature king with just the right balance of gawky self - cognisance and shrewd charisma. though not a graeco roman beauty, blanchett is able to entrance the spectator with just a coy smile operating theater an pixilated smirk. she is at home with her eccentric ' s playful tendencies, particularly in unmatchable scene where elizabeth dances unabashedly with puerility friend and buff god almighty robert dudley (joseph fiennes ). whether fending cancelled unctuous suitors or " playing " the planetary house in court, blanchett ' s elizabeth ii ray a confidence which impossible to dislike. most as interesting as the character of elizabeth are shekhar kapur ' s visual delights. he and cinematographer remi adefarasin throw crafted a flick with a rich people of colour palette that is a feast for the eyes. rove green hills, extravagant ceremonial galas, wickedness and presentiment corridor - - all are depict with a real sense of artistic appreciation. the castles and cathedrals of common market make rarely been doted on so lovingly as they be hither. though writer michael hirst ' s script gets a little murky at times, and his injectant of humor get a little overplayed, elizabeth heart rate with the right amount of spectacular and cinematic verve to make it just deserving of a theatrical viewing. as a unit, the story survive because elizabeth ' s struggle be one which deserves attention. by the time she makes her shocking (only rattling sensible) final declaration, we ' re ready to stoop to elizabeth as our own queen regnant. 