you ' ve got to think twice before you go catch a movie with a title like uttermost risk. the title comprise generic. information technology ' s meaningless. and single can ' t believe it ' s good concern. when you pick up the phone and dial 777 - film, how in the world are you supposed to remember that the new jean - claude van damme movie, the unity that look kind of cool in the trailers and is direct by some chinese raging shot, be called, geez, maximum risk? yuck. the movie itself deserves your attention. for sweet bloody shiver, this unmatched beats the summer megahit competition hands - down. only mission: impossible came close to delivering as skillful a thriller, and i ' ll render maximum risk the edge simply because it ' s not as satiny as the tom sail picture, and consequently more pleasurable in its implementation. much to my surprisal, van damme continues to develop as a pleasant, understated legal action hero. his racetrack book isn ' t equally solid as schwarzenegger ' s, but he ' s a hell of a circle to a greater extent adventurous than arnold. in 1993, van damme worked with hong kong ' s premier hardcore action conductor, john woo, on a fairly lame movie call heavily target. ( if you can come up a corn liquor transcript, woo ' s radically different director ' s cut is much better than what be eventually liberate. ) this follow - up represent direct by ringo lam (urban center on fire, full contact ), whose hong kong motion picture are distinguished action pictures that have consistently played 2d fiddle to woo ' s more operatic offerings. the surprise here is that maximal risk is a more in force hollywood activity picture show than either hard prey operating room woo ' s subsequent broken arrow. here ' s the rundown. van damme play a french cop identify alain moreau who be shaken when a policeman friend (jean - hugues anglade) finds a corpse that ' s alain ' s accurate double. turns out alain was single out at birth from his twin brother, michael, who has equal killed by some russian heavies (and some strangely american looking cops ). alain manage some investigating. he find that michael had book a flight to unexampled york metropolis, and received a content from somebody there named alex bohemia. sham michael ' s identity, alain fly to new york and gets tangled upwards with michael ' s girl (natasha henstridge ), the federal bureau of investigation, and the russian mob in little odessa. that ' s as a great deal as you need to know. the story is fair to middling, but non overly ask - - and the major game points are essentially explicate to you twice, just in case you go out for popcorn at the ill timed consequence. on that point ' s a love story, too, but i didn ' t find it terribly convincing, part because ex - model henstridge be too high - strung in her high - profile introduction (she birth precious few lines as the alien ice fagot in mintage ). she ' s great to look at, and she can certainly record a line, simply what she does hither can ' t really be draw as " behave. " of grade, " act " isn ' t truly what she be lease for (iodine lost cartroad of whether her shirt comes off more ofttimes than van damme ' s ). the movie personify exceptionally violent, bordering on tip. ( keep that in judgement when planning your date. ) the stunts be spectacular, and the fact that you can distinguish van damme ' s endure - in make his work no more less telling. there ' reciprocal ohm only therefore much you can do with a car shipwreck, but this movie prepare chip, effective use of goods and services of pile - ups in a handful of frenzied demolition bowler hat. and getaway has a surprising, innovational sense of incisively where the camera should live on to catch any bit of activity. the main dispute between getaway and woo, i believe, is that while woo relies on sheer spectacle to gas astir his activity show pieces, getaway have figured prohibited more about using cinematic space and double - barrel points of view to make things run. don ' t get me wrong - - when chow yun - fat soars through distance pumping bullet train out of deuce pistols and masticate on a toothpick with meth and confetti littering the air travel around him in woo ' s hard - boiled, it ' s an amazing import. only it ' s a moment that ' s firmly to reproduce in hollywood. ( for unitary affair, hollywood doesn ' t so far get chow yun - adipose tissue! ) while woo ' s hollywood picture show look same the body of work of a talented upstart, maximum risk live a surprisingly sure footed picture. the very first shot of the film is an unenviable overhead view of a pursual through with the streets of a european city, but lam ' s habit of unpaired camera weight becomes more effective later on. the film redaction represent a particularly savvy complement to flail ' s shooting mode, accentuating rather than amplifying the action. the operation could have used some fine tuning (in specific, at that place ' s an annoying, overwritten manhattan hack driver in the early scenes who should have been toned down or jettisoned completely ), and the moving picture show doesn ' mt always get the better of the limitation of its genre. the story equal a niggling mundane, although there make up some effective moments regard caravan damme ' s unrequited feelings toward the chum he never knew he have. but it ' s non much that hollywood cranks out a truly hearty action picture, and it ' s doubly surprising that this one and only should come with a bare whisper of packaging. van damme fans should treat themselves to what whitethorn considerably be the man ' s best flick, and outside activity buffs will no doubt flavor this flavorful hong kong / hollywood hybrid. 