taking a few tips from the pulp fable schooling of filmmaking, give up the ghost equal the new feature from the music director of the cult hit swingers. the story centres around a group of people, world health organization let in brit simon (askew ), and checkout counter girls claire (oliver wendell holmes) and ronna (polley) and the misadventures that they get into, stock split into ternary chapters. everything from sex to drug to violence is pass over in a film with a much blacker bound in comedy than swingers. although qt ' s touch is evident in near every frame, give out is entertaining plenty to forget astir the similarities and hardly enjoy the rollercoaster ride. liman, world health organization as well photographed the film, has a deft speck with the photographic camera, and the film seem adept. the picture show besides seems to give benefit from a budget, with the night - club scenes in special look pretty good. there ' s a twisted sense of humor running throughout which ascertain that even the dark scenes get a smirk. the young dramatis personae are talented and help institute the story to aliveness. holmes, unrivalled of the dawson ' s creek cast (a show i ' m not particularly fond of) displays much endowment here, and despite her for the most part limited cover time do to make a trey dimensional character and never become a caricature. askew is slightly successful, constitute instead obnoxious. no doubt the film maker intended this to establish the interview cheer when what happen to him, but instead of ' peculiar annoying ' atomic number 2 ' second just vex. he drags down slightly nonpareil of the funny chapters, but the talent around him in that particular tale to a greater extent than makes up for it. the real standout be sarah polley as the drug dealing checkout fille: her refreshing and deeply enjoyable public presentation spend a penny the heavy going stories she is affect in much more than entertaining. besides flirt with timothy olyphant as the rather sinister drug monger, who gives an nice malefic carrying out. the book, save john aug, is sharp and witty, with good dialog and some rum jokes. it part off sort of slow however, but in astir twenty min the book has found information technology ' s basis and just keeps getting better. the stories are largely satisfying, although occasionally there ' s too much attending on unrivalled detail but non on another. also, some of the endings seem a little forced and prosperous. still, the cast have a meaty script to have into and apparently enjoy it. it could of adjudicate a little harder in some part however, and these part lag. because this is a gen - xer motion picture, the obligatory rant soundtrack mustiness accompany, and go ' s one equal pretty decent. dissimilar former gen - xers movies, go never give up the medicine to substitute for plot or dialogue, which is a summation. x is a very easy moving picture to occupy into, and the consultation really starts feeling for these characters. gratefully, they never turn two dimensional characters who are crumpled and twisted throughout the movie to fit into the report auto mechanic (like the heroine in 10 things i hate about you. ) they equal who they be and they stay that way. ecstasy is great fun, and a worthy watch up from the director of swinger. brush aside the fact that it steal from pulp fiction and really bad thing, and just sit backward and enjoy the rollercoaster ride. erm, pop off to go, i guessing. 