losing a job live non an all too uncommon affair. reacting to such a personal setback by taking a group of small minor hostage be a bit more rare. while we all might feel the desire to blow soul ' s head off with a shotgun when they assume ' t seem to grok our point of view, actually threaten them with peerless is usually something we annul. this isn ' t the case with sam baily - john travolta ' s somewhat awry average - joe persona in excited metropolis. " i wear ' t think people take heed to guys like pine tree state, " sam laments during an single interview from behind the walls of a museum. just a few twenty four hours ago, sam was a guard at this same museum, only when cutback result to the elimination of his surety position, sam ' s apprehension resulted in a brash decision. in an effort to get his ex - chief, museum director mr.. banks (blythe danner ), to " just listen ", helium barges into the museum unrivalled day equipped with a fully loaded shotgun, taking the uncooperative banks and a group of schooling children surety. sam ' s overall business organisation is valid enough - if helium loses his job, his paycheck, his benefit, etc. , his married woman and two minor gain ' thyroxin be provided for. helium ' s not a lunatic or a hot - tempered madman, he ' s somewhat like a child - panicky, compulsive, and run on emotion - and his naive intentions aren ' t helped any by the fact that banks wasn ' t overly compassionate with the let go. overall, he ' s just like you and maine - except that he stimulate the capacity to catch the line we ' 500 deem " far plenty " as the starting mark of some crazy subspecies. meanwhile, television newsman max brackett (dustin hoffman) represent as well on the scene. covering a " frippery " story for the even news program concerning the museum cutbacks, scoop suddenly finds himself in the center of the large - breaking news story he ever could ' ve hoped for. having been bump from network newsman to smalltime affiliate reporting, grievous bodily harm is nervous to work this into his, and only his, story. max immediately bonds with sam. max even handler sam thru surety negotiations and writes hand for him to use with the police ended the phone. at first, max ' s intentions don ' t reaching beyond high ratings and a good boost to the ole superbia factor, but as atomic number 2 beat to know sam more personally, he begins to sympathize and even become somewhat of an advocate for him. the media, yet, is create a frenzy that leave the mercurial public shifting gears equally often as a diesel truck move downhill. the accidental shot of ex - co - worker drop off (banknote nunn ), a black security guard, become unmatched of the main broker in the controversy all over sam ' s dependable ambition. also involve in this film are robert prosky as lou potts, capitulum of the news section of the station max falls straight under, and alan alda as the nationally famed reporter kevin hollander, who uses his meshing power to try and outshine max. alda and prosky both turn in ok performances that fit comparable gloves on their acting abilities. and then there is mia kirshner, who plays the young boob tube station intern laurie. she falls nether soap ' s wings only to become a student taught excessively well in the means of sensationalistic reporting. kirshner ' s credits exist relatively little for now, including roles in picture show comparable exotica and the forgettable continuation to the crow. nonetheless, kirshner ' s part transformation show that she has shining ability to play both good lady friend and kinda - bitchy - in - a - reserved - way role. i wouldn ' t mind seeing her in some to a greater extent prevalent parts, where perhaps her gift will embody able to blossom to a greater extent full onscreen. while the viewpoint of the sensitive as a greedy, self - righteous monster has indeed be tackle before, brainsick metropolis offer a solid deuce hours of enjoyability. hoffman and travolta are both excellent actors, and seeing them unitedly be a substantial delicacy. they both coif a great job at smoothly and naturally becoming their type, and they provide adequate chemistry for united states to genuinely care for both. on that point is quite a moment of humor in this film, and without it, information technology could ' ve fallen into a drab, cliched societal statement more likely to garner sleep from the hearing than applause. this isn ' t a flick that volition grip at both your good story bone and your heart and soul, but it volition lightly meet both, making for a recommendable movie. if for nothing more than the opportunity to watch both malvina hoffman and travolta at the like time, i recommend you to stop this one out. 