when i ab initio set out to retrospect this film, my tag stemma was proceed to be " you too can believe whales put up fly ". then information technology was going to be " you overly stern believe pastel triangle ass fly ". then, it be going to be " you too can consider sir henry wood sprite can vanish ". finally, i just gave upwards try to come up with a tag line and adjudicate to say. .. there ' s a good deal of flying give out on in this film! as our first host steve dino paul crocetti tells u.s., the original construct behind fantasia was to fetch it out every year with some old segments retain and some new segment added in. well apparently that plan fall by the roadside for a while, because more or less sixty years have passed since the original classic be released. part of this power have something to practice with the inhuman reception the film got when it equal first release in 1940 (grossing someplace nigh to $ 110, 000 in its original month of tone ending ). subsequent re - releases of the film take get up the popularity of the motion picture to the classic status information technology get finally attain (and rightfully merit ). to celebrate the discharge of an updated interlingual rendition of fantasia, walt disney and imax teamed upwards to submit the alive film in a way no one had seen before: six stories in high spirits. in an exclusive quaternary month engagement (from january 1st to april thirtieth, 2000 ), fantasia 2000 can be seen at many imax dramatics across the us. after the engagement is over, the photographic film bequeath be shown at unconstipated theaters. be the format effective for the film? with a few elision, yes. the inaugural segment we are presented with is fix to beethoven ' s fifth symphony orchestra. it ' s hard to depict precisely what this segment be about, only information technology involves a bunch of brightly colored butterfly see triangles flitting about happily. everything seems to be going great for these little things until the priming irrupt with swarms of evil, inglorious chiropteran - like triangles that assault and engulf their lighter twin. finally, shafts of light from above aid repulse away the evil bat - like things and peace payoff to the butterfly thing. though this segment isn ' t very story driven, some of the images are really visually solid, especially the scene in which the dark cloud of bat things (who are all outlined in roue red colors) start to overtake the sky. the adjacent segment is set to ottorino respighi ' s " the pine tree of rome ". in this section, some humpback whale whales float happily through the sea and eventually emerge from the water and fly around the massive icebergs that pepper the oceanscape. a whale calf gets into a scuffle with some nearby birds during the trajectory and end up catch trapped in a giant crisphead lettuce he smashes into while trying to obviate the birds fire. atomic number 2 is finally save (by another liberate shaft of light) and he and his chum take to the skies and fly into the upper atmosphere where they lark about in the " oceans " of clouds. again, visuals are the key with this section, specially where the whales be involved. reportedly the heavyweight, as viewed on an imax screen in sure chronological succession, are express as existent size. the cgi whale search incredibly life - corresponding, except for some googly cartoon oculus suck up onto the images. one peculiarly spectacular image involves the giant phantom of one of the whales being honk through the wall of an iceberg as the whale calf tries to find a way out to information technology parent. absolutely beautiful material. the third segment (and the least of the eight section) be set to george gershwin ' due south " rhapsody in blue ". this segment is design as a testimonial to acclaim caricaturist al hirschfeld, and intertwines four different tale about sad souls living in slump geological era new house of york. there ' s a construction worker who dreams of being a malarky drummer, an out - of - work sad sack that dream of having a job, a young girl that dreams of spending time with her parent instead of cost hustled off by a schoolmarm, and a nebbish who dreams of being free from his overbearing wife. i win ' t go into how everything works out, merely in o.k. disney custom thither is a happy ending. unfortunately, the story trail quite a mo and the seems out of place within the hyper realness of the rest of the segments. segment four represent set to dmitri dmitri dmitrievich shostakovich ' s " pianoforte concerto no. 2 " and comprise an alive version of han christian hans christian andersen ' sulphur " the steadfast sn soldier ". a one legged toy tin soldier falls in love with a lead - astir clock ballerina (whom he assumes is as well one legged because he can ' t see her former leg extended out behind her ), much to the dismay of an evil jack - in - the - box motley fool. the fool knock the soldier out of a window and continues pursuing the danseuse. little exercise the jester make love, the soldier get been deposited in the sewer and has journeyed through with the pipelines only to be swallowed by a fish that has be entrance and sold to the owner of the set of tin soldiers that the one legged one comes from. the soldier eventually save the day and gets the girlfriend. although the ending have been change from the andersen story, " the steadfast tin soldier " be decently tell with in the model of a seven mo unretentive. some children whitethorn find the jester to be a small frightening, only other than the segment be well made. segment five is the funny of the bunch. set to camille holy person - saens " the carnival of the creature ", this section feature a flamingo torturing his fellow flamingos with a yo - yo while they are try to perform a choreographed dancing number. while it equal the shortest cartridge clip of the group and a throwback to the alligator and river horse dancing in the first fantasia, it is even intimately accomplish and a welcome piece of comedy. section six is the lone segment to be recur from the original 1940 fantasia, and it ' s the one that people call back most, " the sorcerer ' s apprentice ". the story is the to the highest degree recognizable, so the draw hither is seeing information technology on the enormous imax concealment in remastered stereophony. alas, the segment wasn ' t create to be present on large format film (view it equal shot full shape) and exhibits large amounts of grain. there were at least two affair where images be rattling grueling to make out due to the excessive caryopsis. similar problem crop up on modern day releases when projected on projection screen too large for the image to cost shown accurately (but no unity seems to observe for some unusual grounds ), an anomaly common to many xviii - plus screen theaters. segment vii is set to sir edward elgar ' s " pomp and circumstance borderland no. 1 " and is the but early fantasia segment to feature a stock disney quality. donald duck's egg " asterisk " as an assistant to noah, whose job be loading all of the beast onto the ark. during the loading, donald and his wife lose sight of each early and both believe that the former one didn ' thyroxin ready information technology on the boat. they be perpetually missing each other due to comic misadventures primarily involving donald comprise crushed by animals in various personal manner. despite the slapstick style of comedy in this piece, information technology displays more than emotion in its final scene than many of the tear - jerker foist on audience these days. sinewy stuff. segment eight bring a whole young significance to the clich? " saving the in force for last ". set to igor stravinsky ' s " the firebird ", an american elk awaken a forest sprite that go to modify the wintery landscape into a beautiful spring landscape painting. trees heyday and flowers flower and everything seems to be going well until the sprite becomes inquisitive astir a big mountain caparison a strange organization. when the sprite examines the organisation, information technology wake up and becomes the titular firebird. in a stunning spectacle, the firebird rears back and unleashes and fervour storm that destroy everything in its way of life, let in everything that the sprite has worked to create. some awful living is present here, and well deserving the ten dollars a ticket solely (although encounter stroke are evident in one shot due to the enlargement of the motion picture show ). the legion segments are for the most part (no pun signify) flyer, although steve dino paul crocetti ' reciprocal ohm clip is pretty funny. be certain to stay done the credits for a petty more humor from martin. penn and teller are usually funny, merely here their muzzle seem routine and therefore uninteresting. the best section comes from, of all multitude, bette midler, world health organization gets to tell us about some of the abandoned segments that never made information technology turned of the pull board. pieces like flight of the humblebee, a take on the four horsemen rig to wagner ' s " drive of the valkyrie ", and a strange segment prepared in the ' 40 by republic of el salvador salvador dali that never was shown be all previewed here and teased that they may appear in future installments. for fans of visual stimulation operating room classic music, fantasia 2000 is a unadulterated room to drop the afternoon. the movie be also decent crime syndicate entertainment and contains little to no exceptionable material. as i mentioned to begin with in the review, if ten dollar seems like too much for you to spend on this film, fear not because after its run in imax theater it is going to embody brought out in regular theaters. i must accentuate that the in force way to see this film is on an imax covert though. then you also can believe that whales / triangle things / faery stool fly. [ constant of gravitation ] 