set in the late 80 ' mho at the height of yuppie overindulgence and based on the book by bret easton ellis (who explored the same themes in another al qur'an which was likewise made into a movie, less than zero ), american psycho puts a new spin on the yuppie " genre " that ellis avail to create. christian basle is perfectly honk as patrick bateman, a high pitched power yuppie world health organization hides a terrible secret from his fianc? e and his fellow. it seems that bateman is a serial killer and, regrettably for his contemporaries, his tenuous grasp on reality is starting to slip. as he judge to balance his meticulous casual bit with massacre co - workers and prostitutes and hiding their body, his genial fabric slowly begins to ravel out. atomic number 53 was first of all introduced to the novel when i was still in mellow school. i translate an associated press article in our local sunday newspaper detailing the problems ellis comprise having pose his novel published due to the controversial violence in it. as usual when anything is controversial i try to seek information technology knocked out, simply i soon forgot astir the novel and didn ' t terminate up thinking astir information technology over again until 1 stumbled across it a couple of years later at a bookstore. i nibble information technology up and read it, but cost ultimately thwarted because information technology entrust more questions than answers. the movie has a alike effect, but at least information technology ' s less kabbalistic than ellis ' novel. for once, a flick has actually turned out to follow good than the novel it was free base on. both the script and the film open with bateman describing his fastidious morning preparations (down to exactly what facial scrubs and exfoliate creams he uses) but the novel seems to condense to a greater extent on these excesses throughout. the movie continues to touch upon these thing merely establish more of a point to immerse us in bateman ' s impending rabies than to detail things equally fastidiously as the novel does. as a resolution, the cinema be immensely more entertaining. lions gate seem to be the studio apartment champion of controversial films (having picked upward kevin adam smith ' s catholic - rattle dogma) and hither with american psychotic there is no conflict. screenwriters mary harron and guinevere joseph mallord william turner had the embarrassing project of try to take a novel about yuppie filled with graphic fury and sex and make a marketable film out of it. some deletion sustain to be made to the fetch up film to keep from flummox an nc - 17, mainly involve a sexual urge scene comprising bateman and deuce women, and initial report said the flick was unwatchable. thankfully, information technology is watchable and harron and turner have make unrivalled of the most scathingly satirical films this english of south parkland: bigger, foresightful & uncut. side note # 1: carbon monoxide gas - author guinevere turner also makes an appearance in the film as an ill - fated acquaintance of bateman ' second who, after bateman propose that she start making out with a distaff prostitute, proclaims that she ' s non a lesbian nor has any interest in it. the wry humor of the aspect staunch from the fact that turner (the writer / director of the film go fish and world health organization also attend kevin smith with parts of his script for track amy) is a lesbian. it ' s a subtle in - gag and it ' s unmatchable i found to be pretty humourous. despite have a kinda high profile keep going cast of young up - and - comers (let in reese witherspoon ), most of the roles are a waste and constitute the equivalent weight of extend billed cameos. the existent draw here is christian bale and his over - the - top carrying out as patrick bateman. whenever i record a novel i always try to imagine what it would be alike as a movie and world health organization would constitute staring to mold as the characters. i always had a hard time trying to decide who i would cast as bateman, but i never thought basle would deliver a performance as perfect as his cease upward exist. to say bale run away with the character be a vast understatement and he proves that he ' siemens as adept at jaw scenery as al pacino or retinal rod steiger. one sequence in particular, involve bateman draw his love for huey lewis and the news ' song " pelvis to be square " right before burying an axe in a co - worker ' s top dog, features one of the most eccentric and energizing performances i have e'er seen on film. side note # 2: despite the fact that huey lewis ' " hip to be straight " and a pair of phil collins vocal appear in the film, father ' metric ton expect to see them on the soundtrack release. huey lewis expressly request that his song, featured in a preferably large determine piece in the film (much akin to the utilization of " dumbfound in the middle with you " in reservoir dogs ), non be included on any soundtrack release. i ' metre feign that wilkie collins requested the same. on a alike note, whitney houston ' s cover of " the greatest love of all " be likewise involved in a scene comparable to the former ii and it is very obvious that it isn ' t the sam houston version at all but merely an instrumental rendering cull from an unknown source. patently, houston wasn ' t as undefendable about the economic consumption of her song as the others be. a bigger tilt than the violence and sex activity has be brewing since the film ' s release: that of whether operating room not patrick has in reality committed the crimes we own catch during the course of study of the flick. don river ' t look to the book for any answers because it testament only answer to confuse you more than. several web sites make been dedicate to the subject just i ' m still undecided. there is evidence both for and against but the most vituperative grounds against comes from a picture near the end of the flick where bateman goes on a sidesplitting fling taking out cops, old lady, and cleaning stave with equal gusto. the scene seemed very dream - like and as ludicrous as the action films it suddenly seems to personify parodying (as an good example, bateman blow up a police car very cinematically after firing several shots from a handgun in the universal direction of the car ). i kept wait for bateman to wake up and for the film to continue on from there, but bateman never does wake up and the hale sequence, though comic, fuddle the film turned - symmetry (which i suppose be the intention ). other than the few flaws atomic number 53 have mention, american psycho make up an incredibly entertaining plastic film (although you crataegus laevigata not leave the movie fully sympathise whether or not what has just transpire actually occurred in bateman ' s reality ). i think this motion picture is destined for greatness as a cultus motion picture show and deserves the slur it will take as such. it may non exchange anyone ' s life, but information technology bequeath for certain have an effect. i know i will certainly hear " articulatio coxae to be straightforward " in a unlike context the next time ane hear information technology. [ universal gas constant ] 