one never quite knows what one is snuff it to beget with a mamet film. his american buffalo is a set - edge piece that has very small plot. sometimes helium testament tell a story that really moves. heist is mamet doing his most entertaining piece of work. unlike his the spanish captive, there are no lapses in believability. stickup is probably the secure david mamet thriller since house of games. information technology is the kind of plot of ground with which you are never certain who leave double - cross whom, and often it be mamet double - cross the watcher. watching the film ' s squad getting around security the viewer be oftentimes call for himself either " what the heck are they doing? " or " why didn ' t anybody think of that before? " suitably enough heist opens with a very canny jewelry store line of work. it is so clever that one wonders if mamet really thinks up all these ideas himself oregon if he bear help from professional magician and gyp expert ricky john jay, straightaway a even actor in mamet motion picture show. this be a robbery that works similar a well - oiled motorcar. there is just one problem and it constitute decent to get joe marianne moore (played by factor hackman) filmed on a security camera. straight off joe has to get prohibited of the job. it was coming time in any event. joe ' s squad admit bobby blane (delroy lindo ), fran moor (rebecca pidgeon ), and pinky pincus (ricky jay) is work to split up and go separate ways. only law breaking boss ingrid bergman (danny devito) is draw in the drawing string and helium says that joe and his people have to manage unmatchable more robbery. and atomic number 2 has to take on a young child, the brusk - fused jemmy silk (sam rockwell ). directly information technology is obvious that thither is more going on than meets the eye. very much of what distinguishes heist is mamet ' s dialog. unusually it serve up a double purpose. the robbery team sounds at once identical professional and at the same clock time it possess mamet ' s special spirit for dialog. hackman has lines corresponding " everybody needs money. that ' s wherefore they call it money. " mamet ' s timing is perfect in the guidance but atrocious in the yield. the plot of land is coincidentally a lot like the secret plan of the recent the mark, which is, in fact, a very interchangeable account. both are good picture show, perhaps for some of the like reasons. but at least on a high level they are often the like account. the other problem with the timing of heist be that information technology involves airport security and clever ways to receive around them. i saw the movie at the toronto international film festival on september xii, 2001. that make water the subject matter just a little to a fault timely. my discernment is that the release testament personify delayed. my big problem with the film is that rebekah pidgeon ' s acting at times seems rattling hapless. it is some variety of david mamet trademark i do not see to take women talk without inflexion, as if they are just reading the book for the initiatory time. it is an irritation and distracts us from what is otherwise a really dependable thriller. information technology is one i pace an 8 on the 0 to 10 ordered series and a mellow + 2 on the - 4 to + 4 scale of measurement. 