errol morris, critically acclaimed theater director of the 1997 documental tight, cheap and out of control, vault to fresh heights with mr.. dying. this film, an examination of the life and workplace of controversial execution equipment designer and revisionist historiographer fred a. leuchter, jr. , be trusted to suck up hearing out of their uneasiness, stunning even the more jaded minds among us. preceptor ' t let the celluloid ' s cheesy dissuade you. survey this sideshow of repulsion - lab special effects we are plunged quickly into a non - stop exploration of the bizarreness that be leuchter ' s life and mind. morris follows the track of leuchter ' s madness with appalling lucidity, revealing in a surprising and frightening fashion what most of us could have estimate to begin with: this leuchter guy live seriously mess up. about raised within the american penal system by a father who worked within prison walls, leuchter seems to have fare somewhat naturally into his professing; plan and maintain execution equipment for country penitentiaries, in spite of his lack of credentials. after a moderately successful vocation pull in galvanic professorship and designing gas chambers and gallows, leuchter came to the aid of neo - nazi and revisionist historian ernst zundel, who was facing criminal charges in germany for publishing his ` theory ' that the final solution never fall out. morris ' s interviews are amazingly congenial, drawing the subjects into a happy go lucky backchat that gives them more than adequate rophy with which to hang up themselves. zundel speaks to the camera as though information technology were his mensch. leuchter seems completely at simpleness, sometimes jovial. function of this effect may be ascribable to morris ' s new interview machine, called the interrotron, which constitute responsible for for create eye contact lens between the subject and the interviewer. this was the first sentence esther hobart mcquigg slack morris had utilize the gimmick, and the outcome are startling. combine the irony of these interviews with leuchter ' s reenactments and reels of creepy stock footage of his trip up to auschwitz and birkenau, not to note a haunting clip of thomas edison electrocute an elephant, and you ' ve got unitary compelling and touch documentary. while this film isn ' t for the feeble - beware beaver state weak - hearted, information technology exist a valuable addition to the cultural landscape painting. aside from a few drag on minutes toward the end of the piece, robert morris has give us a fresh look at a grim subject and unity, for one, spirit bettered by the experience. 