some motion picture show have such an shock that they loaf in your mind long after the credit have rolled, pee you think carefully and think on what you make just seen. i finished mike figgis ' " leave las vega " hour ago, and information technology is still every bit haunting as when atomic number 53 hit rewind on the videocassette recorder. alot of people refer to this movie as " that flick where nick john milton cage jr. plays that alcoholic dude ". " go away las vegas " is not therefore very much a movie about drunkenness as it is a taradiddle astir 2 mass who except each other for what they are: a wino and a whore. ben (nicolas cage in mayhap the best male carrying into action of the past twenty years) make up the sot. his category and friends have long since abandon him, and all helium has left exist his liquor. in a tantrum ahead of time in the film, we see ben lurch into a resteraunt, looking for a " acquaintance " of his to mooch some money off of. helium finds the guy (richard lewis) have dinner with a brother and two chick, trying to crack witty jokes that simply come stunned stupid. when ben near the table, you seat clearly sense that everyone immediatly feels uncomfortable. after lewis gives ben the money, he coldly say " iodin remember it would be well if you didn ' t inter group communication me again. " now yet though done the course of the film, some often more uncheerful thing happen, this comprise when i felt the nearly for ben. at that place was such a look of grief and dispare on his face, (not to vocalize hokey or anything) it almost get a bout to my eye. it bend out that ben was once a semi - successful hollywood player, and manifestly a pretty democratic bozo. now he spends his time generate robbed by hookers and trying desperatly to pick up women, non so much for the sex activity, but for the society; for person to talk to operating theatre spend time with. once he is fired from his job, ben decide to burn down all his property, collect all his cash and relocate to las vega to slow drink himself to death. one nighttime helium operate into a prostitute (a brilliant performance by elizabeth shue - how far she has come since " adventure in babysitting ") discover blood serum. she is involved in an abusive relationship with her pander, a scumbag who fix - off by cutting her. they are both rattling lonely, ego - destructive people. they immediatly hit it hit, both of them realise that they need unrivaled another. and it isn ' t still a sexual family relationship. they don ' t even get sex activity until, similar, the last ten minute of the flick. " leaving las lope de vega " be non a film about plot. with the elision of what single hold already let out (which all happens in the first 30 minutes or so, by the way ), thither isn ' t too much of a story to it. it is more a film astir citizenry and how they react to one and only another. from what one can see, this is basically a perfect film. the direction is nifty (with mike figgis doing a brilliant mix between the glamor of lanthanum vegas and the moody, smokey atmosphere of a motion picture noir) and it turn back ii of the best performances to come out of the 90s, or any former decade for that matter. but don ' t go rushing out to see this flick without get it on what you ' re engender yourself into. first off, if you are easily offended by outspoken sexual dialouge, stick around aside from " leaving las vegas ". it is satiate with drawn out discussions of orgasms, rape and various forms of twisted activities involving burbon (that ' s correctly ). secondly, if you exist non in the mood to escort a very cheerless film, don ' t see it. however, if you are coolheaded with those deuce things, you are in for unitary of the most memorable experience you will e'er have. 