mike myers, you for certain do throw atomic number 92 a? frickin ' ivory here in what you call? the biggest capital of texas powers adventure yet. ' austin powers: the undercover agent world health organization shagged maine is the sequel to the 1997 smash comedy austin great power: international man of enigma. many cost skeptical about sequel, enunciate that the subsequence be never better or every bit good as the original, but austin power: tswsm move beyond the initiatory film. austin world power: the spy who shag me stars mike myers in three dissimilar roles. he reprise his role as the title character, austin ability, the shagadelic spy whose body was block in 1967, and unfrozen in 1997 to stop his long time nemesis dr. evil, also played by microphone myers, from destroying the ground. tswsm leaves sour where the original stopped, with dr. evil ' s? otto robert frisch ' s big male child ' place condensation float through space. dr. evil recall back to earth by ejecting from his capsule, plotting to go rearwards in his time machine to the year 1967, in which he plan to slip austin powers ' " mojo ", what keeps austin go with spy talent. upon his return to his secret lair, which is now a starbucks coffee workshop, dr. evil learns that his malevolent henchman, which includes the returning robert wagner as number 2 and mindy sterling as frau, get created a 1 / 8 size clone of dr. evil, which is by and by named mini maine. the evil miniskirt maine supervene upon scott evil, played by set green, as dr. evil ' s word in the madman ' reciprocal ohm mind, because dr. evil think of scott to make up only " quasi - wickedness. " dr. wickedness give birth always wanted a boy that follow vicious just like him, and now he has one. dr. malefic tells mini maine, " you dispatch me, " in a loving manner. dr. evil loving? thigh slapper! mike myers ' third role represent as fatty bastard, a scottish confederate of dr. evil ' s, who is mail to slip the mojo from austin powers ' frozen body. capital of texas powers learns of dr. evil ' s trip back into the 60s, and use his own time machine to take him back to 1967, to try out to save his mojo before fat shit gets a hold of it. once arrive in the year 1967, austin travels to his " pad ", his blast home / dance club, where he meets felicitousness shagwell, play by heather graham, a cia agent who is unforced to aid him in his journeying to stop dr. evil. as the picture progress, uproarious nonpareil liner are thrown at us, principally by dr. evil, for example, " don river ' metric ton go there, girlfriend! " to the president of the united dos. many witty joke take stead, mention the total tent scene, and scarce plain, funny scenery which are so stupid - they ' re funny come a dozen per fifteen minutes. take for example, scott evil run short on the jerry springer appearance quetch astir how vicious his father of the church is. the way of life austin big businessman: tswsm uses its humor is clever, throwing a uproarious scene at you, followed by five minutes of nonpareil liners, followed by another outrageous scene, so you ne'er arrest laughing. there constitute frankly not one moment in austin powers: tswsm where i wasn ' t laughing. the last film that i express mirth thus hard in, personify well, austin power! it is apparent that mike myers knew how funny this film was while write information technology. the film even makes fun of itself in a agate line, something along the lines of, " it ' s funny how england and southern ca look nothing likewise. " tswsm was filmed in southerly california, but be imagine to take place in england. iodin can tell you one affair - atomic number 2 comprise having a lot of fun with this enormously popular fictitious character, which be all over television, newspapers, mag, and the pic theatre. i think that dr. evil got more attention in the tswsm than austin powers did. dr. evil provided more laughs, more memorable moments, and more interesting dialog than capital of texas did this time around, who seem to pretermit the funny touch that helium had in the beginning film. i felt up that capital of texas really make out have his mojo contain away, but from screenplay writer mike myers, not fat bastard. also making a great addition to the serial publication is mini me, world health organization is played by verne troyer. even though the midget actor live thirty geezerhood old, he is adorable by dr. evil ' s english perpetually. the first austin powers movie had barely any soppy timber, such as want of character development, scarce any detailed plot characteristics, and barely any good performing, just austin powers tswsm actually shows some quality behind the frequent temper. microphone myers, with his trey part, acts as eddie murphy did in the nutty prof, disguising himself completely in one of the roles. ( fat whoreson) all three characters are dissimilar, and mike myers practise do a good job address each i of them. calluna vulgaris graham made a great addition with her talent to tswsm, and does a a great deal better line than elizabeth hurley did, who move over a very flat public presentation in the original, speaking her lines without any feeling or emotion. speaking of hurley, she can be seen in tswsm for a few brief moments. hopefully, whole meal flour tags along for future austin powers adventures. the bottom line - a groovy subsequence that mike myers order all of his mojo into penning. 