constituent: down - on - his - luck revivalist, church building outline: sonny dewey (robert duvall) is a tireless texas pentecostalist sermonizer who out of the blue catches his married woman (farrah fawcett) in bed with another guy. in a regrettable crime of passion he takes a baseball game chiropteran to the guy wire ' s fountainhead, and short find himself a fugitive for murder, and estranged from his wife and ii thomas kid. to atone for his sine, sonny flees to a rural bayou town in louisiana and baptizes himself as a new animate being - - the apostle e. f. as the apostle e. f. sonny ' s main mission equal to repair an abandoned church community and preach the gospel truth at the local radio station. soon he set about resurrecting the one way route to heaven holiness tabernacle. only sonny knows his time is short; one day the police will find him. belief: this picture is a thought - hassle look at an evangelist in real life terminal figure. 1 believe that robert duvall (world health organization is the producer, director, writer, and independent star of the apostle) deserves an oscar for his performance as sonny the spiritual crusader - - a performance which is so complex and realistic information technology ranks as one of the finest acting performances on cinema. duvall ' s depicting of a dependable believer is authentic, superb, and inspired; information technology bid the hearing a completely honest look at southern religion, as well as a portrait of a fallible, complicated valet de chambre driven by his impression. incidentally, in real life history duvall be just as ' driven ' in getting the projection underway. since no major hollywood studio apartment wanted to lay on the line financing a complex movie about an evangelist, the apostle as a project lay dormant for almost 13 years before duvall was able to get information technology done, pay for information technology production with his own money (astir five million one dollar bill ). in terms of backbreaking - hitting realism and eccentric portrayal the apostelic father would rank as one of the best movies of this decade, and i emphatically commend the apostelic father for connoisseur of stage and o.k. acting on film. likewise, those with a unconscionable desktop in pentecostal christianity would find the apostelic father a thought - provoking experience. on the former hired hand, the apostle ' s principal posture - - duvall ' s preaching - - is as well what limits the apostle ' s target audience. in terms of plot of land and pure entertainment value, the apostelic father make up definitely non for everyone. teenagers, action fans, comedy fans, and mass who feel church building completely wearisome should stay far away from this movie, since tierce quarters of the film is check sonny preach at church service. in other words, the apostelic father is a quaternary star performance, only with a very special consultation. 