if beavis and butthead had a favorite film, from dusk till dawn would likely make up information technology. script by quentin tarantino and directed by henry m. robert rodriguez (desperado ), the movie panders to the very worst in sex activity and vehemence - - and be incredibly fun to watch. information technology starts off as a pulp magazine fiction - type crime story, with criminal crony george clooney and tarantino surcharge a convenience computer memory. because this is a tarantino movie, however, information technology ' s not just a case of pull the gunslinger and take the loot, it ' s a sheath of a hole being shot done someone ' s hand, a human beings on fire jumping out behind the counter and the entire store blowing upwards as they drive out. the opening prospect sets the tonicity for the rest of the movie - - everything overdone and zilch as it appear. clooney and tarantino make for a hostage to the motel and then pirate an rv with a kinfolk in it. harvey keitel plays the backslidden demode - preacher and juliette lewis his daughter, whom register sex - pervert quentin tarantino middle endlessly. you recognise you ' re mentally disturbed when you find lewis the least bit attractive, although she ' s not nearly as obnoxious as common in from gloaming trough dawn. the first half of the film has the criminals and hostages assay to get to and through the mexico border, clooney ' entropy strategy involving hiding in the rv exhibitioner while lewis is on the toilet. it practice its conjuration; the border guard take i feel at lewis relieving herself and forthwith goes blind, never noticing clooney or tarantino. in one case they get to mexico, it ' s time to wait at the rendezvous breaker point, a topless cake call titty cruller where we ' re once over again reminded tarantino wrote the movie as he fuddle champagne off the ft of a stripper. finally, after about x minutes of intercut boob shots and clooney squeeze keitel and lewis to drink with him, the stripper deform into a vampire. soon half the the great unwashed in the bar are vampire and the former one half fall or engagement back. that ' south right, we ' ve hail all this room to see a lamia movie. but like everything else, tarantino takes this years - older genre and twist it to his ain ends to get over - the - top amusement. thusly we draw holy water safe balloons, heads roll, four fold impalement on an overturned table and keitel getting bitten by a vampire and announce he only has a few minutes go away before he becomes " a lap dog of prince of darkness. " the from dusk till dawn dialog is 100% quentin jerome tarantino, hovering between cockeyed and disgusting (as when they ' re enter the nightclub and cheech marin announces the main attractive feature of the titty twister ), just always entertaining, and is a huge reason the movie is so much fun to find out instead of being one more second - rate gorefest. clooney, keitel and especially tarantino are so terminated - the - top with their saving that the dialogue is that much to a greater extent uproarious, ensuring non one second of from dusk cashbox dawn is taken the least bit seriously. stuff similar this would make up terrible in any other film, but tarantino and rodriguez know exactly what to do to entertain people, even if there ' s absolutely no message or stand for to from dusk public treasury sunup. pulp fable hold the vulgarity and ferocity for a reason, but this movie merely bemuse it out for cheap amusement. from dusk public treasury sunrise isn ' t the classic of advanced cinema that pf is, but be does prove you potty do a respectable job making a really forged movie. 