are we victims of lot in life time operating theater can we create our own destiny? manager / author brad anderson seems to be say yes to both questions in his witty film " next stop wonderland ". the deuce main type, alan and erin, spend the entire pic in each other ' s scope, catching glimpse of 1 another, yet not quite connecting until the inevitable conclusion. is information technology fate that keep them near each other and at long last puts them in concert? does this predestination carry over to all aspects of liveliness? as the film start, erin castleton (hope miles davis ), a melancholy 29 - class quondam late switching nanny, be ending her hot - in kinship with her boyfriend (hoffman ). rather, he be end it with her. arrive home from work, erin regain her boyfriend park in strawman of their apartment, car packed with his property. in a fumbling, amusing and self deluding ramble, he apprise erin to watch a videotape he ' southward realize detailing wherefore their kinship is doomed to go bad and why he ' s going away. it ' s obvious he lacks the courage to confront her flat as atomic number 2 rail on about accomplish something with his aliveness and taking a stand, all the while backpedaling his way kayoed of their relationship. he and so flees the view with the grace of an inept thief. erin ' s mother (the netherlands taylor, in a surprisingly efficacious, small role ), fearing that her girl will be without a man in her life, takes out a personal advertisement for erin. to erin ' siemens embarrassed revulsion, the advert describes her as a " frisky, cultured, happy go lucky professional with a relish for life ". eventually, erin responds to the tidal wafture of response, which makes for some of the most humorous, telling moment of the flick as she meets prospective suitor and " poseurs ". alan, a plumber and aspiring nautical biologist, first spots erin as atomic number 2 ' s scavenge the inside chalk of a fish armoured combat vehicle at the beantown marine museum. wear out a wet case and goggles, helium observe erin from window to window, separated by the glass as erin, forgetful to his gaze, enjoys the pisces the fishes. later, we see him on a train as she sits on a platform remote, mere feet off. the movie spends information technology ' s entirety receive their paths circle each other without crossing. there be several subplots involving alan. peerless concerns his attempts to get on the job racecourse at the boston fish tank, thereby escaping his unmistakable fate to carry on the family plumbing business. another subplot involve his father god ' s desperate effort to force portion ' s hand by gambling by his life at the dog racetrack. a distracting focus is put on alan ' s debt to a loanword shark and the mode in which helium pays information technology dispatch. the movie tries to a fault hard to realize alan a likable guy. gratefully, his dreaming - guy role is countervail by erin ' s distant, yet fundamentally hopeful, personality. the film moves on at an unhurried tempo, albeit to a fault much so in the latter 3rd, as we wait for the two to meet. co - author anderson and lyn vaus throw a twosome of potential red herrings into the mix as the two line up other possible family relationship. the films duty period into a much slower gear as we wait for these romances to float terminated. when alan and erin eventually do meet, we find out that peradventure they both be destined for each other as they share a lingering, almost subliminally knowing, gaze. information technology ' s a mellisonant, measured moment. the letdown comes in the fact that we ' ve hail to know the pair, yet we get into ' t get to view their impendent love affair. the picture ' s implicit in belief in the subtle persistence of fate and the wonder it hindquarters bring to one ' s life makes " next closure wonderland " a quiet pleasance in a cinematic landscape littered with explosions, shallow persona and overdone special effects. 