this get some major plunderer for the film, thusly be forwarned. the north korean won ' t come out money box later in the article, so you ' re safe for now. eyes wide of the mark scene (1999) running time: 2 hours 39 minutes two. 35: i theatrical aspect starring: tom cruise (dr. bill hardford ), nicole kidman (alice hardford ), sidney pollachius pollachius, leelee sobieski, todd field (nick lady with the lamp) directed, co - written, grow by: stanley kubrick inspire by: " traumnovelle " by: arthur schnitzer this is an interesting pic. unity must first off state, that you musn ' t believe any of the hearsay of the film. sail be not a hybridisation dresser, kidman doesn ' tonne shoot heroin, and in that location ' s not any scene between the two that would suggest that they were aided by a sex therapist. the look of the film is to paint a picture that it follows the translation of the inspired book from the motion picture show be write. the rendering, " dream novel, " makes you matter that the film should have be titled dreaming film. there is a noticable amount of graininess to the flick. rather than plain about information technology as some english hawthorn and already have, see it as a trend of shooting. i would gather that kubrick got on another lighting kick pullulate this and shot with as much natural inner light as he could. this and the film front like information technology was pushed another two stops to summate more grain and light up it slightly. as an auteur and stickler for detail, kubrick seem to be a bit lax on this one. the movie look great, just there are a dependable deal of bloopers / flubs that occur. you view lots of boom shots (in reflection) and you find out the camera at least doubly. xvi months for this? thigh slapper. reflection is the bounteous killer for this plastic film. their flat and almost everything in the film casts reflection and the crowd dismiss be seen in these, some quite an glaringly. unrivaled more theme of heated discussion: i saw the " austin force " version, and to be perfectly frank, unless you know where the overlay be supposed to be, you ' ll probably non see them. two girls standing following to each other front a little suspicious, only i can wait for the unrated interpretation on video to image it the way information technology ' mho supposed to be. raider below: the plastic film itself starts with (cruise) bill and (kidman) alice getting quick for a short x - mas soiree. they go to a quite elegant party in what seems to be a storagehouse for lighting equipment, which is in reality an flat have by sydney pollack. bill run into an old supporter from medical school who equal now the political party ' s entertainment. presently after, bill and alice live flirting with others at the party, thinking that the early has not noticed. bill is called to help with a partygoer who has had a minute excessively much of a good clock time. the next daylight, bill and alice, nonchalantly smoke marijunana in their bedchamber discuss the late nights flirtations. they both discover that they both get it on about the toying. bill starts talking astir what women can provide in a relationship, and get alice extremely angry. in her hazy land, she evidence of an chance she almost acted on to chicane on bill, not worry about the possible aftereffects. notice incur called aside when one of his patient role dies, and pass to console his daughter. when his patient role ' s engaged daughter cause a supplication for his love and warmheartedness, atomic number 2 is struck with images of an affair that never occured between his married woman, alice and a naval officer. he sees " opportunity " as a treason to his married woman, and before they can proceed, they be interrupted. as he strolls home, helium run into a fighting joe hooker. seeing another " opportunity " arise, he follows the richard hooker family. they play around, but before the act ensues, alice hollo his cell phone. he demote the day of the month with the hooker, and capitulum back out into the night. atomic number 2 passes a lounge and notices that his quondam medical school crony is playing, so atomic number 2 heads in. when he get together the friend, the friend reveals that for extra scrape, he act these strange parties, while blindfold. handbill follow intrigued and wants to go to one. nick reluctantly sets him up with directions and a password. what follow this is a short meeting where neb obtains a costume for this party and come across a untried girl, leelee sobieski, and her beginner. the young young lady has drawn his eye, but her young age, and the prescence of her don deter this from bump. he gets to the company, which is to read the least, a strange social function. after partaking in some foreign " religious " right, women and man pair sour for the orgy to terminate all orgies. a woman warn circular in disguise, that he should leave before he is endanger as a humbug at the political party. helium is detained after a second admonition, where atomic number 2 is outed for non be in the group. after getting home plate, helium hides the evidence of his evenings events. unable to carry on in his solar day, atomic number 2 seek piece the consequence of the previous night together. in the physical process, he find that ding has disappeared, his spirit be mayhap in danger, and the woman that warn him have died. single ' m trying to save a bit of the film here, it ' s charles frederick worth sit through with to bewilder to this point. this is only well nigh hundred minutes at this point. this is a unusual film, because despite the event that occur, the film let a strong family subject matter behind it. information technology volition be concentrated to pidgeonhole this film as a certain variety of a film. information technology ' s got sex in information technology, information technology has nudity, drugs, and many more immoralistic values. simply they all serve to evince why they are bad in ane ' s life. i urge this film extremely on many merits. sail and kidman are rarely in concert for longer than 5 minutes after the possibility scene, and the secrecy that shrouded the moving picture should hopefully be seeming as to wherefore it was keep once you visualise it for yourself. 