in " the perfumed hereafter, " writer / film director atom egoyan takes the states beyond the tragedy of death into the calamity of life. atomic number 2 present us how information technology isn ' t dying that hurt, only rather the pain sensation of living in the hereafter of death, and dealing with the going and grief that information technology brings. on a dusty winter day in a belittled, isolated town in british columbia river, a school jalopy full of children slides off the highway and onto a frozen lake, where information technology crack up through the ice and sinks. fourteen nestling dice, and numerous others are hurt. for the residents of this small town, all of whose children were on that bus, it live an earth - shattering outcome that resolutely alters their lives. they deliver always relied on each other in the past to deal with brokenheartedness and pain, but it seems that this tragedy is more than they tin do by. alberta and risa walker, who own a local motel and lose their child in the accident, hire an lawyer named margaret munnerlyn mitchell stephens (ian holm) to bring a causa against someone, anyone for responsibility. the passenger vehicle number one wood, dolores driscoll (gabrielle rise ), is a kindly woman who loved the children and, although she endure with a burden of guilt, comprise non hold responsible for the accident. the autobus seems to have simply slipped on some internal combustion engine, and there be cypher should could do to prevent it. still, according to stephen, there are no " accidents " in sprightliness, and someone will bear for this disaster, whether that follow the manufacturer of the omnibus or the guardrail the bus conk out through with. he goes through with the town, approaching the parent who have lost children, take them to unite the class action wooing and find vent for their anger. and, for his oeuvre, sir leslie stephen leave get one - third of the settlement money. however, it make up immediately patent that stephens receive little or no interest in the money. he is driven by something else, something deeper that he percentage in common with the grieving parents. he deliver lose a child, too, but non in the same fashion. his daughter, zoe (caerthan banks ), world health organization once almost died in his arms as a untested child after a spider bite, has cost in and out of drug re - hab clinic and detox stations for 10 class. she calls him on an irregular foundation, begging him for money, but refuse to enjoin him what she needs information technology for. " i don ' triiodothyronine recognise who i ' m admit to, " he tells her. in his brain, his daughter be dead. the causa is, to stephens, non simply a direction to fix the town ' s pain in the neck, but also his own. nonetheless, not everyone in town wants information technology to happen. billy ansell (bruce greenwood ), who be drive behind the bus when the accident happened and lose two children, wants nothing to do with information technology. he has already lost his married woman, and he inter his grief in an affair with a married adult female. he doesn ' t require to verbalize astir the accident, and helium sees the lawsuit as nothing more than than the unneeded opening night of old wounds. to him, the ithiel town should follow able to take tending of its own pain, and it doesn ' t need foreigner like stephens baffle in the way. cardinal to " the mellisonant hereafter " is the tale of nicole burnell (sarah polley ), a teenage girl world health organization dreams of being a singer before the fortuity turned her into " a wheelchair girl, " as she puts information technology. by from stephens, nicole comprise the most complex role in the film, and it cost she who finally decides the circumstances of the ithiel town and how the lawsuit bequeath turn forbidden. it personify besides her sad, haunted voice that we often hear on the soundtrack, understand henry m. robert browning ' s poem about the pied genus piper, and how when he led all the town ' s children aside, unrivaled was left behind because he was cripple. obviously, nicole follow that child, and she finger somehow bewray that the balance of the town ' s children leave her alone by go in the wreck. her position be further elaborate because she be involved in a loving, but incestuous family relationship with her father (tom mccamus ). there be only unmatchable, fleeting scene that suggests this family relationship, but it be somehow tied into the final act of the cinema. of all the storylines in " the fresh future, " this be the about complicated and unresolved, although its implications stretch out throughout the entirety of the celluloid. egoyan sleep together that the kinds of interrogative he brings up cause no simple answer - - if any at all - - and he doesn ' t condescend to the audience by try to neatly wrap it up. what egoyan has done in " the sweet hereafter " comprise actually naught short of heaven sent. in his adjustment of the novel by bill russell banks, he have made a deeply moving film about a attorney by exceed the pettiness of law and driving rashly into the deeper meaning of what is loss, and how pitiful pecuniary and material possession are when compared to human life. egoyan has always been a gifted, only distant and cerebral filmmaker whose work suffered just in that it felt hence cold. " the sweet hereafter " be quite the opposite; egoyan ' s stylistic and narrative structure work brightly to heighten the shock of the natural emotion, and draw the audience into the cataclysm. " the sweet afterlife " seems to contain the combined emotional impact that altogether his other moving picture show miss. the film is filled with beautiful, subtle performances from totally the actors, peculiarly ian holm as the lawyer and sarah polley as the sad fry who embody left behind. the beautiful, roving camerawork by paul sarossy and the haunting, melodic melodious score by mychael danna (both old egoyan collaborators) give the film a visual and aural cohesiveness with the thematic element. like his earlier films, egoyan weave together multiple plot line that form a blanketing unit. he cultivate with time as a fluid meat, shifting back and forth between the past, the aloof past times, and the present with casual ease. the real passenger vehicle wreck itself doesn ' t happen until midway through the film, but by that time the event has built up so much emotion that egoyan can film it from a distance with no graphic item, and still have it carry great, lay waste to exercising weight. because human spirit has become such a cheap commodity in movie, it is astound that egoyan can convey so much brokenheartedness in such bare, direct full term. for certain one of the best film of 1997, " the sweet hereafter " be a deeply rewarding, mystifying, and ultimately human pic. 