iodine moldiness say from the outset that i have never be practically of a kurt russell lover. i ' ve realize some of his films (silkwood, backdraft, unlawful incoming) and while helium gave fair to middling performance, 1 have never been impressed with his work. breakdown, then, is something of a surprisal. russell devote a fine carrying out, as do most of the cast, ane that be non upstage by the action orchestrated in the second one half of the film. to state that helium holds the film together would not be completely true, but atomic number 2 does information technology no harm. russell plays jeff, one half of a married couple travelling with his wife amy (kathleen quinlan) interbreeding country to san diego to set out a novel job and a new liveliness. while journeying through the desert their car interruption down and, leave helpless and stranded, jeff wave devour a passing truck driver (joule. t. walsh) world health organization offer to take them to a nearby dining car to name for a tow truck. because of a awful incident in the beginning with a brace of ruffians, jeff decides to stay with the car while amy gets help. that, information technology seem, personify the utmost sentence jeff (or anyone else) sees her. breakdown has been compare to several motion picture: george iii sluizer ' s the vanishing (the master, hopefully, not his appalling hollywood remake ), steven steven spielberg ' s affaire d'honneur and any number of hitchcock films. as with these, breakdown does not, for the most part, divagate down the conventional path of the american activeness - thriller. jeff does not become a gun - toting vigilance man on the hunt for his wife, but instead becomes a scared, disordered everyman who has no idea what the nether region be going on. when we get along find out what has happened to amy, it does come as a slight disappointment, if only because information technology ' s too early in the film; i for one could make done with an extra twenty dollar bill minutes oregon so of mystery and bafflement, but this affects the film little. bertrand russell, as mentioned earlier, is very good in his role, and kathleen quinlan is nowhere near every bit irritate as she was in apollo 13. j. thyroxin. walsh, as the possibly malefic truck driver, is terrific; he is one of the best of the fine batch of fibre role player hollywood doesn ' t seem to roll in the hay what to do with, only director jonathan mostow is on the right track hither. the reason atomic number 2 makes such a majuscule villain be that he actually looks like a real person, matchless anyone would be able to trust, which get to the secret plan that much more believable. breakdown is what hollywood doesn ' t make sufficiency of, a great thriller with credible characters and scenes that do, indeed, bear viewers on the edge of their seat. one of the most genuinely exciting film i ' ve seen in a prospicient time. 