abridgment: the best place to start if you ' re a jackie chan newcomer. roars along, ne'er stops for breath, and frequently hilarious. to spill about jackie chan as a " stuntman " constitute to miss a million things. jackie equal not only one of the most accomplished and fearsomely unafraid physical adepts on the sieve today, but also a rattling mirthful guy. he remind pine tree state of the means arnold schwartzenegger * used * to make pine tree state laugh - - he ' s funny story just tolerate there, copping a look. supercop make jackie have us laugh, scream, duck's egg, root, and gasp for breathing space, often all in the like setting. it ' s actually the 3rd in a broadly speaking related series of movies, each with jackie play kevin chan, a hong kong policeman who has a knack for receive neck - deep into worry and and then karate - kicking his way out of it. ( the others equal also worth seeing. ) information technology ' s a piddling irksome to start, but once it gets move, it ' s a field day. the flick has a fairly advanced plot of ground for movies of this kind. kevin is tapped for a dangerous dea grant to be achieve in mainland china, which requires him to collaborate with the attractive (and ass - kick) chief fo chinese security (played here by the e'er - enjoyable michelle yeoh ). there ' s a fun chemistry between the two of them, peculiarly in an early tantrum where she try out to brief him and he keeps shit wondering comments about how gravid she looks in that uniform. kevin is assigned to facilitate rebound a known mobster from jail - - all underground, of trend - - and have him lead the 2 of them to a noted drug political boss. the drug bos, however, has problems of his own: his wife ' s on tribulation for many of his own crime, and she ' s got the cay to an history with all of his drug funds. this means, of course, eternal trouble - - not the least of which exist that kevin swelling into his girlfriend while he ' s out in the field, and she see him with this other fair sex, and. .. but that ' s one of the movie ' s unique pleasures: the way it crosses from action to comedy effortlessly. action. there be, of course, non - stop action in this motion picture - - everything from one - on - unitary kung fu to all - out gun struggle to a sppedboat with octonary engines (! ) outrunning the hong kong coast guard duty. at that place is also a wizard climax, which feature, among other thing, jackie danging from a ladder tied to a eggbeater, a wrong - way freeway chase (which requires michelle to do an awesomely difficult handstand stunt ), a fight on top of a moving gearing that also regard the ' copter as well as a motorcycle. you get the idea. this is to action picture show what a burger with everything on information technology is to fast food: quick, enjoyable, filling. watch information technology with friends. when they block making movies like this, the world bequeath personify a tad greyer. 