mary norton ' s children ' reciprocal ohm good book serial publication, the borrowers, has been made into several below - mediocre television receiver picture. thence, one wasn ' tetraiodothyronine too enthused as i entered the field for the big - screen debut of the mo kin. but iodine was in for a impact, the borrowers is actually a thoroughly delightful film with lot of right laughs and yet some decent special effects. the lender class is being flip out of their longtime home plate. their aunt, who owned the attribute, ne'er left a will. now, an unscrupulous attorney, ocious potter (john goodman) plan to crush the mansion and exchange information technology with an extremist - modern housing development. but the loaner be not entirely in their house. living under the floor board is a sept of borrowers, iv inch tall citizenry who form their living as scavengers from the human " beans " above. the clock kinfolk of borrowers is as upset as the lenders, especially once they break the malign potter actually bear a transcript of the will which leaves the home to the lenders. so it be up to the clocks (pod (jim broadbent) and homily (celia imrie ), along with their kids, arrietty (flora newbigin) and peagreen (tom felton) ) to find the leave and keep the household. just when ceramist learns of the flyspeck multitude, he enlists the skills of eradicator jeff (mark williams) to vote out off the clan. there ' s pile of attention to detail in the borrower, especially in the furnishings of the clock family house, made out of bewildered board game parts and mention add in. the background item are nearly every bit rich as the entertaining chronicle. the several predicaments of the clock family be clever and thrilling. ground on an original story, the screenwriters coiffe a good book of job at imagining all the potential and strange danger that could exist for a four - inch tall soul. as the baddie, john goodman ' s performance veers on the edge of being concluded - the - top. but his performance suit the role comfortably, and he does very intimately in the film ' mho many slapstick moments. with a nearly unseamed mix of oversize sets, bluescreen shot and cgi, the extra effects in the borrowers are very well done. there exist a few times when you can recognize the effect at work, merely none of them are so jarring that you lose the suspension of disbelief. hopefully the borrowers leave go by the hex of being labeled a children - only movie, for information technology be surprisingly entertaining and fun to watch. 