the soldiers of three kings own aim their cue from movies about socialist republic of vietnam. ( try on, since the culture medium - saturated gulf war became a pop music amusement. ) while take through a long, flat iraki desert (in a humvee with a baronet simpson hood ornament ), one of the man under special forces sgt. maj. archie gate ' (world health organization ' s steering) bid requests a beach boys tune. these men need their apocalypse now minute, only alternatively of surfing, they bop to the medicine and skeet shoot out the back of the vehicle, arm with automatonlike rifles. our three kings (okay, four) be good hero, but they wear ' t necessarily take operation desert violent storm seriously - it ' s a reprieve from their hellish 24 hour interval jobs. they are gates, modern father of the church sgt. ilium barlow (wahlberg ), sgt. chief elgin (cube ), and pvt. joseph conrad vig (music picture director jonze ). at story ' s start, president bush make declared a ceasefire, and american military personnel are draw up loose goal. barlow, elgin, and vig discover during a round up of iraqi captives an " ass - function " that place to a sand trap fulfill with gold bullion. gates leaves his legal power to pirate the berth; atomic number 2 propose - requirement - that barlow, elgin, and vig join him on a gem hunt. ditching his date, a relentless newsperson named adriana cruz (nora dunn ), be easy. and so is receive the treasure, until the four manpower earn the magnitude of discord still breathing in iraq: saddam ' s men exist imperil the dictator ' s knocker (citizens of his own land) with violence. when gates and company arrive at the sand trap with a stolen motortruck, ready to plunder, the unarmed rebels want help. ( bush advance them to rise upwards against the governance, but bring home the bacon no military support for such cause. ) gates convinces the hurdle ' randomness guards that this be a position - war mission, and still take their assistance in loading the truck. the situation could go murder without a tour of duty: the old opposition bear no grudges. but the money hungry gates has a sense of right and wrong, and when one female bystander be shot by a sadistic grunt before these american english have left the scene, he monastic order barlow, elgin and vig to unfold fire on the surrounding arab forces. the solution: barlow is kidnapped, and the filmmakers imply that these would - make up kings personify seeing more action than they of all time did during wartime. barlow be eventually lock in a dank room and wired up to a shocking device. his interrogator lost his family unit to the bombs, and he want barlow to imagine the demise of his ain wife and child. ( he make, in chilling, long lived images. ) i like these scenes better, because the political become personal. it ' s nonpareil affair to defend the plight of g; it ' s another to check a ceiling cave in atop a baby in a trot. william felton russell has shock america before: his first photographic film, spanking the monkey, represent about a young military personnel ' s affair with his bedridden mother. ( it ' s big. ) his 2d, flirting with disaster, have a character who have an armpit fetish. one could contend that information technology ' s easier to take a leak an audience react to such intimate deviation than explosions, though; russell disturbs us in three kings by being no - nonsense astir the violence. when barlow conjures the detonation of his suburban home plate, russell muffle the sound - we ' re paying attention to the debris instead of thx blah. three kings is russell ' mho first visually stunning picture. stylistically, information technology stands apart from other warfare play. newton seth thomas sigel ' s cinematography of the exteriors is overexposed and passing coarse grained, which is, of course, alone appropriate. unitary practically breaks out in sweat staring at the projection screen. ( a friend sky high total, " it ' s same bear sand in your eyes. " ) this also help to blur the fact that the real locations cost far removed from the persian disconnect frontal. ( tierce big businessman was shot in arizona, california, and mexico. ) russell throws lot at sigel ' s camera for it to observe - as constitute the case with william felton russell ' s previous try, the to the highest degree absurd here and now be also the plastic film ' sec most realistic, even the most poignant. ( we look on a bullet puncture an organ from the inside. ) if anything, three tycoon settle down and stops surprising us. it climax be pure hollywood, no question the reply to why a major studio felt well fixed getting into bed with the indie - minded bertrand arthur william russell. afterwards, the characters become more cartoonish - barlow ' s post - torture revel felt phoney, and chief, a strong presence in the first third, fails to turn tail the god - fearing - ultra - serious - anti - racist - fateful - man - of - power clich? - so much for cube avoiding token condition. ( the arabian thespian, on the early deal, duck stereotype. ) clooney, too, transforms into a blandly grand protestor - march with the rebels, single waited for him to shout, " permit my mass run! " hayseed vig notwithstanding, the protagonists be very intelligent, and self - serving, also; i had a glimmer of bob hope, free base on russell ' s filmography, that our antiheroes would revert to their greedy selves at some juncture. ( it ' s non spoiling much to write that. ) then again, what historical importance would such nastiness service? ( there ' second already enough cynicism in the film ' sulfur mentioning of kuwait ' s oil - infested waters. ) russell offer the mass a primer on the oft - give the axe gulf conflict, and pulled off a straight trick: a state of war tale replete of battles that takes position after a truce has been declared. if atomic number 2 set out to make something socially / culturally / politically / globally significant, he deliver the goods. with flair. 