in the company of human beings made a splash at the sundance film festival because, in a class plagued by brothers mcmullen - style, in earnest shallow gen - x angst delineation, it seem to be actually about something. it anger masses, start arguments outside the theater, riled thing up. information technology ignited a discharge of excitement in what otherwise has be a disappointing yr for independent film. having endured my share of the ballyhoo, i waited calmly for man to reach the backwoods wherein i reside, and then checked in to see what all the fuss be around. serve men subsist up to its press? well, yes it perform. and it may construct you think double before you consider dating anyone your office. for the uninitiated, newcomers aaron eckhart and mat malloy sport chad and howard, deuce collective drones who are dispatched by their nameless company to a remote branch office for a six week assignment. chad and catherine howard be archetypes, model of which you can no doubt ascertain in your own place of business. chad follow the blond golden boy, genetically mastermind for achiever, the natural beguiler who seems to glide effortlessly up the collective ladder. howard be chad ' s party boss, only atomic number 2 is weaker of will, the unwieldy practician of office political sympathies who has achieved his position through dogged persistence rather than peeled talent. we first meet them look their flight in a drab airport lounge. there chad suggests a scheme worthy of a shakespearian villain: he and howard will receive a vulnerable single fair sex at the branch berth, woo her simultaneously, gain her honey, and and so underprice her. the intellect? both men get lately been dumped themselves, and chad see an easy route to avenge against the fairer sex. " information technology ' ll restore a piddling self respect to our lives, " he says. howard, helpless against the force of chadic ' s testament, fit to the plan. they apace spot their prey in the form of christine (stacy edwards ), a slight deaf cleaning woman work as a temp. chad move in for the putting to death, flashing his golden boy smile, provide christine with lunch, and so flower, so dinner. howard follow wooing, though his effort are in contrast ham - handed and desperate. flattered to birth the aid of ii eligible men, christine dates them both. you lav guess which one she falls for. soon a tragical lovers ' triangle develops: christine loves chad, chad loves himself, and howard loves christine on the grounds that, since she ' s disable and shy, she just power personify wretched and lonely enough to settle for him. adult social fundamental interaction never rattling progresses beyond the level of junior high pitched, does it? in chad, writer / director labute and actor johannes eckhart have create unrivaled of the most chilling monsters ever committed to moving picture - hannibal lector may eat human flesh, but chad be an eater of individual. his evil is every bit subtle as a viper ' reciprocal ohm, and as loose as his smile. we watch in kayoed skepticism as atomic number 2 back - stabs coworkers, mortify his subordinates, and works his deadly venom into christine ' s nerve. his character would be a prank if he wasn ' t so chillingly veridical - all of uranium have worked with a republic of chad, and some of america english hawthorn be him. atomic number 2 ' s the guy who have your task and then express mirth at you for your helplessness. if i of his co - worker should happen to go postal and walk into the office with a bag full of handgun, helium have best get his escape route clearly in mind. politics be his game, and the modern carrell - filled position is his playground. men wear the guise of a black drollery, but it functions best as allegory. the most controversial moment in the pic happens when chad humiliates a black temporary by asking him how badly he wants to come through in the company, then force him to prove it in a manner i gain ground ' t describe. the aspect is charged with racism and fraught with peril. could it go on in the real world? credibly not. fill as allegory, nonetheless, it be representative of the intervention of the meek by the powerful in all facet of society. maybe it ' s just the english major in me, but chad, in his motiveless cruelty towards christine and his careful manipulation of howard, can equal view as a symbolization of uncurbed capitalism, of greed without conscience. the entire film is a metaphor for social darwinism - only the firm will live. the marvel of labute ' s multi - superimposed playscript is that information technology can disturb each member of its audience in an entirely unlike way. but exercise the film work as entertainment? its darned funny in spots, peculiarly in the men ' s room vista, which certify the lengths to which guys will blend in to hold a conversation while engaged in the about canonic of bodily subroutine. it puzzle out less well as drama, since by essential the character in an allegory tend to be flat ciphers. stacy edwards gives a measured dignity to christine, and succeeds in make uranium fear for her, but by the close of the celluloid we still know nil about her. likewise, chad and leslie howard be simply the sum of their actions. by the ending of the motion picture you ' ll tone as if you ' ve meet a genuine monster in chadic; possibly we can too classify men as a horror film. for sure those expecting a formal hollywood resolution to the story volition take the air away disappointed. merely the movie is often spellbinding, and the script is a oeuvre of fine workmanship, which make it well worth your time. like all good photographic film, it offer a myriad of parallels to the away world. while observe chadic in his moment of victory, i couldn ' t aid but think that measure gate must have felt the like sort of frigidness, merciless satisfaction when he at long last stuck it to steve jobs. there may be a trivial flake of chadic in all of us, but some of us have take away republic of chad - ness to the level of art. 