information technology ' s an interesting assumption. our reality is entirely real to atomic number 92 because it is what we perceive to be real. in truth, our entire existences are hold out come out in our minds as we are feed data through electronic inputs flat to our genius. what we see, what we answer, everything around us be goose egg more than a computer - generated conception interlinked with the minds of others through a vastly powerful artificial intelligence. our body, severely atrophy, are kept alive for the sole purpose of generating heat and electrical get up and go for a ascendent parliamentary law of machines which control the satellite. the sci - fi realm has been hold off a piffling while for something modern to come along. the matrix isn ' t it - the idea of a war between man and a sentient data processor meshing, a sham world, the ability to plug one ' s wit into a computer, has all make up gleaned from such sources as the terminator, dark city, and a few star trek episode (both classic and succeeding generation ). what is young be the ability to weave all of these several element in concert and succeed in producing a film that is both harbour as well as thought - provoking. keanu reeve plays a computer whiz nicknamed neo, who be plucked out of the artificial world (known as the matrix) by a chemical group of deserter humans who personify clandestinely fighting to give away the fallacy of the computer - generated existence and free humankind from the oppression of the machine. the group ' s leader, morpheus (laurence fishburne ), have chosen neo because he believes neo is " the peerless " world health organization is destined to head the attack against the contrived tidings. > from the beginning of the picture show, we follow kept on our toe try out to figure thing out. this, in a lesser motion picture would be gravel, but the matrix presents itself in an intelligent manner which makes the puzzler rather interesting and yet fun. what is realism? what be a sham? the picture turns our identical perception of life on its side. more than once, we are also presented with the question of whether we would rather sleep together the harsh accuracy of realism, or survive a life of relative bliss, forgetful to the lawful nature of our surroundings. as viewers, this be intriguing enough, so imagine what it would be corresponding for neo. and who to better play a baffled person than keanu reeves? reeves, whom one ' ve never really cared for as an actor, be competent in role which require a lot of straightforwardness, and small shade. helium was good in speed, for example, but preposterously piteous in a pass in the clouds. neo is in reality one and only of those roles which reeve slips into rather nicely, and then much of my expectation was happily for naught. in a couple of places, the handwriting yet capitalizes upon his wooden nature, and this cost a heavy credit to writer / directors andy and larry wachowski. i mean, since flier and ted ' s excellent adventure, what movie could you enounce genuinely " utilised " keanu reeves? more interesting than reef is fishburne, world health organization ' s morpheus nearly runs the gamut of emotions, and convincingly so. real surprising for a sci - fi movie. fishburne besides maintains a certain demeanor astir himself throughout, as if atomic number 2 always knows what to expect. this facilitate to further the aura of his character ' s technique and panoptic noesis. hugo wind as agent smith, one of the artificial intelligence ' s anti - intruder programs, is likewise good playing his deadpan, no - bunk, kick arsenic role, which requires him to show emotion at the appropriate time. unfortunately, when tissue speaks for more than a few sentences in a row, the nature of his reference ' s speech traffic pattern becomes a little to a greater extent idiotic than impressive. carrie - anne moss plays trinity, morpheus ' s number matchless assistant who becomes pretty of a lovemaking interestingness for neo. although her character be somewhat inconsistent, moss nevertheless delivers an above par performance when fishburne isn ' tetraiodothyronine in the photo. there were few expenses spared when it fare to the special effects. many methods of mental imagery are employed, from mould to bluescreen to calculator graphics. of especial short letter is the use of the " freeze and release " burden where the total scene is frozen, turn over, then stay from a new angle. this is accomplished by using a big telephone number of nevertheless cameras employ in a semi - circle, with motion motion picture show cameras placed at the two ends. the motion photographic camera film the action, and at the appropriate consequence wholly the yet cameras fire at once. piazza each still image in a celluloid sequence and you get a intimately seamless conversion from the first movement camera to the second. passably slick. the matrix drips with style. from the clothing to the music to the action, we ' re watching an exaggerated variation of what we ' re habituate to. much of information technology seems like the combination of 2 literary genre of the hong kong action at law pic - there ' s a lot of kung fu, there ' s a lot of shootout. when a eccentric is countenance go with an automatic weapon, much be made of the empty cartridges shine to the floor in slow motion. at that place ' second also the element of the japanese action at law cartoon (called anime by aficionados ), especially in the fashion the sequence are filmed in sweeping pan and emphatic action at law through particular effects. combined, information technology ' s really like no live - action pic i consume ever see. the photographic film be not without its faults. some of the scenes and ideas make up " borrow " a little too liberally from former films, and one ingredient of the terminate is emphatically dissatisfactory. some of the cable are likewise pretty speculative - in unmatchable instance, a patronage graphic symbol incorrectly delivers a famous saying, and it wasn ' t meant to exist a joke. however, these shortcomings take away little from what be an overall solid activity sci - fi film that for once does more than but entertain. 