though it is a ok piece of filmmaking, there ' reciprocal ohm something about elizabeth. .. that left me a snatch insensate, and i think it be something that bugs me quite often in films, particularly these day; i just didn ' thyroxine give care astir the characters. to me, the initiatory and foremost job of a film maker is to produce character reference (be they imagined or historical as the case may cost) that the audience gives a hoot about. and though elizabeth works advantageously on many spirit level, information technology return short of excellence because of that real reason. elizabeth have place in england in 1554, as queen blessed virgin, half sister of elizabeth i and a sovereign on the side of catholicism is go. before she dies, though, she cannot bear to sign a papers which would condemn her half sister to death because of her heterodox protestant church belief. as a result, amidst much ire within the council, elizabeth becomes the faggot of england. the film chronicles her rise to power as she fights for a unified church of england and endeavour to make for order to her personal and political life. much of the film bargain with elizabeth ' s love for lord henry martyn robert, a mysterious isle of man who thrusts his lordship onto many a char as he continue to glorify his love for the queen regnant. there is much stir about her lack of a married man, and political pressures from spain and france enter into the equation. the problem with the cinema lies with this as information technology centerpiece, as dearest interest embody such a character driven component. i didn ' t much care astir the character (perhaps aside for elizabeth world health organization make up played quite comfortably by blanchett) and so i didn ' t have much interest in who would join her in her nuptials. the mold is rounded out easily with the marvelous rush who plays the fairy ' s most loyal advisor, sir francis, and attenborough as a well - meaning simply old - forge lead council. why then, you must exist asking, do i commend elizabeth? simply because it is the resultant of a everlasting pairing of director and cameraman. kapur and his cinematographer remi adefarasin (neither of whom ace have find out) create a attractively realized objet d'art of filmmkaing from the proficient side. the light streams through each frame as in any painting from the period and beautifully capture the naturalistic light sources that would have be retrieve in churches, cellars and castles in 16th hundred common market. each frame is racy with color contrasted with black or brag - out white light from windows. the costumes by alexandra byrne deserve a quotation as they be such an inportant aspect of each blastoff. indeed, elizabeth ii is one of the nearly visually beautiful films of the decade, range with kundun and braveheart. vigil as well for the improbably " godfather - esque " mass murder vista. it made me intend in retrospect of the similarities between the deuce films. 