i constitute start to write this review before going to see strawberry and chocolate, cuba ' s oscar candidate for best foreign motion picture show, directed by tomas gutierrez alea (who also send the sometimes and in some circles critically acclaimed memorias del subdesarrollo - - " memories of underdevelopment ". i saw memorias as part of a cuban cinema class rearwards in the late ' 70; it merged the political relation of the cuban gyration with mundane elements of the human condition. i knew then that memorias be believably a state - sanctioned political letter, and now bear strawberry bequeath follow suit. fellow internetters, mainly in the newsgroup dedicated to cuba (soc. culture. republic of cuba ), have cite that strawberry is a harsh criticism of the gyration and information technology current state of affairs. one have jumped to the conclusion that strawberry is zip more than a veiled attempt at espousing the party channel - - it probably look like political criticism, but information technology ain ' t thus. having some first hand and extensive anecdotal knowledge of castro ' s repressiveness, unity can ' t conceive of his tolerating honest and adversarial criticism of the gyration, and i can ' t conceive of his let anyone yet advise his failure as a leader of a failed movement. as tike say these days, duh! , the revolution ' s current state needs no critique; information technology physical and spiritual crumbling is self discernible. the right questions to arrange relate to castro ' s legitimacy. i bet the movie takes fidel castro ' s power for granted, and that this or any other movie, produced under republic of cuba ' s state control, cannot question his rightfulness to persist cuba ' s political display (ongoing now for more than 36 years ). that ' s why i just can ' t trust strawberry be an honest literary criticism of the regime. let ' s see what happens after the room travel glum and the blind illume up. i ensure the celluloid - - twice. i was correctly; castro remained entire. hemangioma simplex negotiate the relationship between a young " dialectic materialist, " as he describes himself, and a homosexual photographer (diego) in 1979 republic of cuba. the youthful world (david) is the boy of goth; a symbol of the revolution ' s reason for being. grateful to the revolution for the chance to receive a university education, he study political skill alternatively of lit, his avocation, because he perceives it is his responsibility. therein lies a likely unintended satire, since cuba has no need for political theorist. republic of cuba ' s government activity is castro. diego ' s lifestyle is the antithesis of revolutionary life. he enjoys the finer matter - - camellia sinensis, opera, art. he does not fare " voluntary workplace " for the revolution. his small flat is a carnal oasis. the moniker " businessperson " figuratively hangs over his promontory during the early division of the movie. however, he is a " revolucionario " in his ain way. the supporting roles are filled by: an get on nosy parker with a heart of gold and a troubled psyche; david ' s roommate, world health organization rally takes the communist party line to its expected extreme; david ' s ex - girlfriend, who dumped him for another guy, yet want to bed him before she leaves for italy with her husband; german, a gay sculptor whose oeuvre diego is attempting to exhibit, and who strikes a faustian pact with the government. gutierrez alea and co - conductor juan ilich sanchez tabio serve a fine book of job at almost showing that homosexuals can be revolutionaries too. heck, towards the ending of the motion picture you begin to think the guy cable deserves a medal for his patriotic fervor. he really sleep with the gyration (as supposedly does everybody else in cuba) and desire to make it better by exposing and correcting some of information technology flaws. real criticism constitute missing though. this moving picture embody political window dressing. luis aguilar leon ' randomness op. erectile dysfunction. piece on fresa in the miami precursor (10 march 1995, at 21a) did not color my legal opinion; it portend my suspicion. aguilar leon express my sentiment about this picture show ' s political angle best: similar many artistic manifestations in cuba, strawberry and chocolate sprang from a entirely manipulated surroundings. as art critic ivan de atomic number 57 nuez good states in the latest issue of the magazine postmodern notes, the silenced artists be those who refuse to accept " the charade in which creative person tin provoke upwards to a point, while the origination legitimize themselves by forbidding them to go beyond that point. " although terrible propaganda, this is differently a ok photographic film. 