there ' s some pic i enjoy even though i know i in all probability shouldn ' t and get a hard time trying to explain wherefore i did. " favourable numbers " be a perfect example of this because information technology ' s such a blatant snag - off of " fargo " and every movie based on an elmore leonard novel and yet it somehow still works for me. single know i ' m in the nonage here only let maine explain. the moving picture show takes place in harrisburg, pa in 1988 during an unseasonably warm winter. john the evangelist travolta plays the local big - shot tv weatherman who is idolized by the townspeople as if he be john travolta himself and non the bumbling rus i. a. richards. russ be married to crystal (lisa kudrow ), a blonde bimbo if e'er there was unity in the story of picture palace. she ' s a selfish, smutty bitch full of lust and desire but somehow she catch the job of the drawing ball fille - not exactly the near intellectually tax problem on the marketplace. crystal ' s cheating on russ with their corporate hirer putz (ed o ' neil ), the tv station managing director. she doesn ' t appear to genuinely comparable either of them, but it ' s all she can behave in this matchless - horse town. much like " fargo, " this moving picture show tells the report of a man world health organization ' s sound broke and receive to pull off a huge cozenage to stupefy rich quick. he enlists the service of his english admirer gig (tim philip milton roth ), the local stripclub proprietor who tells him how to fix the lottery. along the way a subplot involve a 2 - bit punk named, accurately, " dale the thug " (michael rappaport) arrive mixed improving in the process. in that respect ' s besides a bookie that somehow gets thrown in the commixture once the deal fit down. i ' m not go to expound a good deal further on the plot and report because information technology continues to loosen up and take twists and turns you ' re non expecting. this is a farce, which is basically a straightforward, grownup - orientated drollery merely doesn ' t go every bit far as a definitive black drollery should. where as " fargo " was sometimes offend and shake up while being funny, " lucky identification number " be just now funny because you tin ' t take these character in these outrageous office seriously. it ' s totally a big cartoon basically, simply it ' s funny and single behind honor that. travolta be not bad in his role and still though he ' s not a really likeable character, he ' s trying to make up a nice guy despite the fact he ' s a creep. helium ' s same a gangster with morals who genuinely feel sorry for the guys he has to kill. crystal is but the opposition, she ' s constantly argue and using any brain cellular phone she has left to look out for herself. kudrow is perfect in this persona since she ' s spend 8 years on tv as the dim - witted phoebe on " friends. " here is fibre is basically a very malevolent incarnation of phoebe. unity have to admit i was honestly surprised and pleased by how the plot unraveled and the methods each of the chief characters use to essay to start their share of the money. similar " jackie brown, " (an elmore leonard adaptation ), the tarradiddle personify astir a circle of ten characters all after the lottery money that has equal won illegally. the screenplay answer a fine job in balancing the graphic symbol and slowly divulge their motivations and hidden agendas while at the like time prevent rus richards the main focus. more and more character are introduced and since the film has such an iconic, cartoony atmosphere you tin take on trust just what make the nonaged characters coiffe what they do. the terminate itself is great. it ' s surprising and suspicious and makes you feel good. you realize this flick has packed in about 10 dissimilar movies ' worth of story into two time of day ' fourth dimension and didn ' t fall apart (although many other critic might tap to differ ). i like it, and iodin could see it again - international relations and security network ' tetraiodothyronine that what makes a movie good? 