an up and coming, visually stunning, simply intellectually empty recreation of the orphic life of jeanne d ' arc. in history jeanne five hundred ' arc is turn a loss in an ocean of mystery and controversy, which creates the perfect introduction stamp pad for talented and originative directors, world health organization can basically castrate the story as they like. she occur in a time where people desperately needed a holy man. a hero that could rescue them for misery and pitch peace and felicity. film director / writer luc besson (' nikita ', ' leon ') portrays his version of the peasant female child world health organization commanded the armies of french republic and be burned at the stake for witchcraft. besson tries to recreate the someone behind the legend. he tries non to show her as a saint or a baddie. he present her as a human being. in a time where blood be nearly pouring from the sky, and the air smack of crappy flesh, it is hard to continue your sanity. the only livelihood and hope is in god. at the old age of 13, jeanne (milla jovovich) watches her own sister murdered and raped by the english soldiers. this dreadful event make a lasting impact on jeanne ' s mind. god follow no longer her livelihood. he throw become her obsession. she starts seeing imagination and signs that require her to advance an army and spare anatole france from the siege of the english tyranny. with the aid of the wise yolande five hundred ' aragon (faye dunaway) and charles vii (john malcovich ), whose rarified royal ambitiousness and living are at stake, jeanne raises an u. s. army and borderland towards the english walls. after this the picture show stays by and large on the battlefield, where besson demonstrates his ability to direct amazing action sequences, only from time to time resort to a calmer pacing. the movie is fill with dreamy, symbolic images of sodding artistic craftsmanship, that create a phantasmagorical and now and then paranoiac atmosphere. the film comprise lost in time and blank, hysterically jumping back and forth in jeanne ' s cerebration, imagination and sense of right and wrong. besson ' s visual style permits the audience to enter the medieval old age, feel the smell of fresh line and the epinephrin pumping in your organic structure in the rut of battle. just the film is far from being flawless. the script call for a heap of polishing. except for jeanne, there constitute no real characters. and although a imposing star cast is tack together, their characters are nothing more than than props, non to a greater extent alive than the costumes that they are wearing. as for the maiden over of lorraine herself, she is portray as a simple girl, too small for her maker task. in the latter role of the celluloid, we see her as hysteric, confused and on the threshold of madness, with her past purity and innocence for ever lose. jovovich handle the part with more panache than one mightiness expect. but though her screen time be unbelievable undue, both malcovich (' cost john malcovich ') and dunaway (' titus ') outstrip her preferably overacted and simply unprofessional public presentation. and even hoffman manages to breathe some life into his dreadfully small persona. besides casting jovovich, besson ' s only mistake is his extreme sense of patriotism that in the death ruin his so gloriously crafted painting. there be some viscously malefic englishmen that murder, pillage and betray with a grinning on their faces. and some incredibly weather and noble frenchmen, represented by the " three musketeers " of this write up - - the brave gilles de rais (vincent cassel ), the wise aulon (desmond harrington) and the strong atomic number 57 hire (richard horseback riding ). though all those actor perform well, their character are nothing more than symbols - - banner that proclaim the resplendency of french republic. and thus, there is no signified of realism in this film. ' the courier ' has muscles or else of brains. there live some relief in the remainder, where besson lays down his armour and starts thinking. dustin hoffman ' s appearance service and the movie ends elegantly and surprisingly effective with a climax worthy of praise. jeanne ' s character is unlatched, but whether god make up in the icon or non, is never quite explained. be she a confused peasant missy driven by her own hunger for revenge? beaver state was she truly a messenger of god? the motion picture poses as many questions as answer and nothing cost completely obvious. bess o messenger ' is zilch more than than a fairly good picture. it is not much that you commemorate of it after you leave the dramatics. perhaps the sound, the dreamy sequences, simply certainly not the dialog. it is an elegant and adrenaline pumping account deterrent example for the mtv - generation, that although presents some interesting material, works better when it ' sulphur on the battlefield. 