any movie about the hush hush music fit is a difficult animal to overlord. any signification found in the underground be usually lose by the dumbing - down of the experience to make it " more accessible " to the universal world. or the film be create and direct by people that have about decent understanding of the subject matter that they ought to work as production assistants for vh1. human traffic, a modern flick explore the british underground party / rave scene and the people immersed in the world of bludgeon, pubbing, drug, sex, and the beautiful, beautiful medicine, is an example of how it really ought to be done. the film follow five brits in their young twenties during a wild weekend of parties, drug, dancing, sex, popular culture word, relationships, and wank off in front of a mirror while silent interrupts. the form of character consists of jip (john simm ), our narrator, who give birth a bit of a problem with his willy, known as mr.. floppy. koop (shaun parkes ), our shameful dj maestro, who hold insecurity issues, afraid his girlfriend nina (nicola sir joshua reynolds) is shagging early men. nina herself can ' t stand her mcjob and longs for the freedom of the weekend. lulu (lorraine pilkington ), jip ' s good mate, comprise tired of her cheating boyfriends. and moff (danny dyer) canful ' t look to get out the black hole of his awful life. the film follow these five individuals during peerless weekend as each of them discovers sleep together, friendship, and self - fulfillment, all against the taunt political party setting. human dealings is proof that cinema can still distinguish uracil deep stories while be visually alive, as director justin kerrigan ' s subtle use of the photographic camera rent the audience become part of the action. the use of direct communication to the interview by the aggregation of fibre works well, making the viewer the subconscious intellect for the character. dialogue is crisp and moves with an even pace, and the playacting be surefooted. withal, the ii female person leads run to promote their relationships and dialogue with a bit of unneeded urgency that demonstrate through when poignancy equal involve. human traffic get along not try to explain the rave shot. rather, information technology gives the audience the ability to listen to the people inside information technology, let you choose your own convictions about this powerful musical apparent motion that brings in concert strangers, friends, and lover for one blissful night of music and peace. 