jerry impost have got zip on " wild things. " john mcnaughton ' s new thriller tackles more tawdry themes in less than two hours than springer ' s notoriously sleazy talk show broadcasts in two weeks - - hermaphroditism, threesomes, poolside catfights, slutty rich bimbos, yet redneck gator - wrestling, they ' re all office of the movie ' s raucous, complex storyline. but still trash tv topicality can ' t drag " wild things " down - - this crazy campfest plays like something you ' d find tardy - night on the usa meshing, but immeasurably more palatable and with a strong ensemble cast. despite a smattering of needless vista (most of them sexual in nature ), at that place ' s wicked fun to be have hither. " wild things " would personify a guilty delight, only in that respect ' s no guilty feeling involve in accept a unspoiled time with it. high shoal guidance counselor surface to air missile lombardo (matt dillon) be comfortably - liked in the town of blue bay, peculiarly by pretty, democratic kelly van ryan (denise richards ), whose phratry public figure is among the florida yachting enclave ' atomic number 16 most financially prominent. hoping to adopt her crush to a physical tier, kelly temptingly slinks into lombardo ' s house after washing his jeep for a fundraiser, but, the very next daytime, tearfully admits to her trollop female parent (theresa russell) that she was raped. before long, blue bay detectives radiate duquette (kevin bacon) and gloria perez (daphne rubin - vega) be listening to similar allegations from kelly ' s insurrectionist classmate suzie bell ringer (neve campbell ). lombardo, who maintain his innocence, hires neck span - sporting, opportunist lawyer ken bowden (neb george gilbert aime murphy) to guard him in motor lodge. the previews give away the undermentioned revelations, and then if you haven ' t take care any of the movie ' s spots on the television or in the field, you might want to hop skip to the next paragraph. while cross - examining suzie on the witness stand, bowden gets her to break depressed and admit that the alleged rapes never took place - - that kelly had think of this entire scheme because she be angry that lombardo was catch some z's with her mother and not with her. to pay lombardo for the harm, kelly ' s female parent breaks her daughter ' s trust fund and gives him $ octad. 5 million. but lombardo, kelly and suzie make up in reality all working together, and plan to take the money and run equally fast as they can. duquette and perez, however, begin to suspect that on that point ' s to a greater extent afoot to the case than just assumed accusations. if there ' s a major drawback to " wild things, " it ' s that information technology ' s oversexed to a error. the much - speak - astir hotel room menage - a - trois between dillon, campbell and richards be a turn - off. it ' sec also trim down short (sorry, guy ), and should take in be slew shorter - - the movie grinds to a halt for virtuous titillation once too often. what we don ' t see is far more effective than what we coif. another example of this make up kevin bacon needlessly give up the ghost the wide monty in a shower scene. atomic number 68, no thanks. too, bacon ' s duquette feels simultaneously developing and overwritten. daphne rubin - vega, from broadway ' s " rip, " attempt to compensate for a superfluous eccentric. theresa russell is just unornamented wooden. and when, in the end, all is out in the open, ask yourself if certain aspect involving these trey were really necessary. but what keeps the motion picture show from being thrown away debris constitute an engaging chain of surprisal (some predictable, some non) that never seems to end. " wild thing " feature more than twist than a crate full of corkscrews, and most are so gleefully, over - the - top nasty that you can ' t help simply be charmed by their absurd showmanship. a dandy deal of amusement also comes from watching bill murray in a supporting division that look to have been written for his sly comedic talent; murray ' s a stitch, especially when pulling up beside the van ryan limousine after winning lombardo ' s slip and flipping them off. and father ' mt leave when the closing credits hit the screen door, or you ' ll miss the motion picture show ' s best part - - four bonus flashbacks that smooth concluded plot holes while offer a few more tiny turns, plus a final scene that caps everything off with a great stunner of a thunderclap. speaking of bombshells, denise richards, world health organization plays most every scene in a spicy bikini top, does the teen tease matter with a malicious allure that she be never allowed to flaunt in " starship cavalryman. " matt dillon flexes his sleepy eyed - voiced sex appeal, and extract off personality change with chameleonic precision. neve campbell, lovely as ever except when sporting a blond wig, gives suzie a vengeful exposure that make her the most interesting member of the conspiring trio. ra - edited and toned down a spot, the moral force between these iii actors could have hold the photographic film to greater lengths. but what we ' re given works easily plenty. " wild things " be extremely entertaining and, so, very wild. 