director dominic sena (who made the highly underrated kalifornia) and manufacturer jerry bruckheimer (the rock, armageddon) bring us a slipperiness and entertaining remaking of the 1974 film of the like figure that absolutely no one has ever seen. nicolas cage plays memphis, a retired car thief who ' s " overstretch back in " to the business by an evil car stealer master (christopher eccleston) determined to kill memphis ' kid buddy (giovanni ribisi ). memphis is ordered to steal 50 railcar in four day time or his brother leave take on an inauspicious death, all while having to elude the detectives hot on his trail and a rival car stealer who feels the job should have been given to him and his gang. memphis set come out to redact his old crew back together, but discovers that most of them stimulate retired as well. rifle in sixty second do things right from the opening credits. in that succession, we stimulate a rockin ' little tune from moby, along with some dewy eyed backwards report told only with pic and assorted object. filmmakers can sometimes relieve oneself operating theater break a film simply from its opening form of address sequence, and this one well gets you in the mindset for an entertaining drive. and what follow doesn ' t disappoint. .. batting cage turn in one of his good carrying into action here (he can easily go either mode. .. good or speculative. .. i don ' t know how helium exercise that ), and his foible and dialogue obstetrical delivery extend the film along nicely. of the supporting cast phallus, angelina jolie as memphis ' quondam love embody in the film just now to provide eye candy (she ' southward emphatically the hottest looking grunge monkey i ' ve ever seen) and robert duvall as memphis ' former wise man personify simply around to lend the film some class. likewise, i ' m a bad fan of will patton (armageddon, the postman) and would enjoy to witness him dumbfound a huge role someday. none of these three performers be give much to do unfortunately. some underrated performing artist nonetheless equal given meaty supporting roles. delroy lindo (mother shorty) shines as the exasperated detective in pursuit of memphis, as does timothy olyphant (go) as lindo ' s pardner. unity just wish some of the other characters could have cost as important. the alone real bitch i have about the moving picture show though is its conclusion. .. primarily because you know how it will end before the initiative credits even roll. there ' s no dubiousness in anyone ' s mind that the 50 cars volition be successfully stolen, and the filmmakers bodge a dead good chance to add some suspense to the picture by using the " rival car stealer " plot origin. as it stand, that report line be wrapped up astir halfway done the film in a tidy little package. but if iodin be making this picture, i ' d have get the rival mob trying to get to the cars before memphis and his crew, thereby making memphis make to improvise. .. thereby adding some meat to the plot of land. the finale is fundamentally just a big car salmon p. chase, and there precisely aren ' t way to draw car chase interesting anymore. it ' s all be done. the following is besides shot and edit out in that " jerry bruckheimer action episode " variety of way that exit the audience wondering what specifically is hold out on in the scenery. sure information technology ' s a railcar chase, but what exactly are the particulars of information technology? it ' s very punishing to tell. finally, there ' s a stunt during this scene that fare near to challenging the " bus leap the ramp " episode from amphetamine in the " oh, i don ' t call up indeed. .. " section. despite those minor complaints, decease in threescore seconds is pure summer motion picture entertainment. it ' s not think provoking, but it ' s shiny, gimcrack and play. .. scarcely what a summertime flick should be. [ pg - 13 ] 