most sequels don ' deoxythymidine monophosphate do what they ' re supposed to dress like " toy chronicle 2 " does. far as well many of them end upward re - hash the original and adding rattling little. is it any inquire that most sequels fail to live upward to their predecessors? thankfully, " toy account 2 " equal a wonderful exclusion. i can ' t remember the lowest metre i saw a sequel as consistently fun and imaginative as this one. information technology ' s yet another sign that pixar, the acclaimed vivification studio apartment behind " toy story " and " a germ ' s life, " is notwithstanding at the top of information technology game. woody and bombilation are back in the subsequence to the 1995 smasher " toy chronicle, " and things have change a fleck since the last one ended. woody (voiced by tom hanks) is preparing to pass on with his proprietor andy for cowboy refugee camp. in his absence, helium has assign bombilation lightyear (tim woody allen ), now comfortable in his function as a plaything, to take billing. unluckily, woody ' s trip up is ruined when helium is unintentionally couch into the family garage sales event, and is stolen by an over - avid miniature collector (wayne horse ). off to save him be buzz and members of the old " toy dog gang, " including mr. potato head (don rickles ), rex the nervous dinosaur (wallace shawn ), hamm the swinish bank (john ratzenberger ), and slinky dog (jim varney ). while in captivity, woody makes a startling find: he is actually part of a collection of toys based on a 1950 ' s nipper ' atomic number 16 display entitle " woody ' s roundup. " he meet the show ' s early characters, which admit jesse (joan cusack ), his cowgirl sidekick, the wise old prospector (kelsey grammer ), and bullseye, his trustworthy horse. they have all personify anxiously wait woody ' s arriver, as once their set is completed, they volition be trade to a nipponese toy museum, and finally escape reposition forever. this means woody immediately faces a difficult selection. with his friends coming to rescue him, does he go with them and pass a few more than yr with andy, or suffice he live to japan and make up commemorate forever? as in the original plastic film, " toy story 2 " contains first - rate animation, and pixar studio apartment possess done a remarkable job meliorate on the impressive body of work they did there. reportedly, the plastic film be originally slated for a verbatim - to - video discharge, only after seeing the improvements that had been made, disney justifiedly decided to release it into theatre. the film be well deserving see on the big screen. the colors be smart, the texture incisive, and even the human characters appear more " human. " the animation is systematically seamless, with the natural action tight and enraged and the facial expressions believable. on that point are so many impressive chronological sequence that i ' d find it insufferable to list them hither, merely i was particularly wowed by a scene where buzz and his cohorts must get across a busy intersection to get to al ' s toy barn, the store owned by woody ' s capturer. pixar ' s interpreting of the family dog constitute likewise nicely done, with fur so realistic you almost find you could reach out and affect it. the voice work be also perfectly complementary, and as with the foremost movie, does much to help farther character maturation. tom hanks and tim allen again disappear into their persona as woody and buzz, making you draw a blank who is doing the spokesperson. it was woody and hum upward in that respect, not tom and tim. totally the cast member from the original reprise their roles, and each is excellent. various fresh voices have make up tot up, with joan cusack, kelsey grammer, and wayne knight serve ok work. " toy story 2 " is unassailable in characterization, and represent able to expand on what we run into in the first film. woody faces difficult choices, while buzz be confronted with a unexampled bombilation who hasn ' tonne yet realized his position as a toy, thrust him to see what he used to live similar. the new character are also developed quite a considerably, especially jesse, world health organization tell a sarah mclachlan - aided flashback illustrating how she was loved, then forgotten by her owner. it may be estimator - animated, and it english hawthorn have goofy music, only it ' s downright rival. the script, despite having a narration and screenplay each credit to four different writers, be incessantly cunning and inventive, especially considering that information technology ' s a subsequence. the reason " toy story ii " plant where other movie sequels fail is that it refuses to just capitalise on the original ' siemens success by re - doing the same story and use the same character. non this one. we get character variety, new characters, and new issue brought upward. " toy story 2 " be also remarkable for the agency in which it keeps reinvent itself. there is always another clever idea waiting just now around the niche here. the humor is sharp and witty, with something to amuse both tyke and adults. there are funny asides to films such as " star war " and " jurassic park, " among others, new require on classic toy like barbie and rock ' em sock ' em robots, and appearances from early pixar efforts " a bug ' s life " and the 1997 myopic " geri ' s plot. " ( geri himself make an show as a toy repairman who fixes woody ' s broken arm. ) the action is tight and wild, and the chases (in the street, in a toy dog store, in an lift, on a luggage carousel, and in an airplane) keep getting bigger and well. " toy floor two " ne'er grow stagnant, because there is always something new to prevail your interest. the more than you pay care to information technology, the more rewarding it represent. information technology ' s rare to see a film like " toy dog story ii " come along, because it ' s the variety of picture that ' s almost impossible to dislike. it ' s created strictly to hold, and though one enjoy a thought - harry drama as much as the succeeding someone, information technology ' s nice to see that plastic film are still trying to do exactly what movies first tried to do: send us out with a smile. information technology ' s a fair bet that the whole family will have smiling on their collective faces after seeing " toy story 2. " it ' s the rarified sequel that manages to amplify on, and live upwards to, the original. 