contact is a film that tries to coif several unlike things. it is intended to present a realistic picture of what foreign contact might be like, to restore a sense of wonder and mystery to the issue of extraterrestrial life, to raise questions about science and faith and how they would be relevant in such a situation, and to enjoin a personal story of a romance between the astronomer dr. ellie arroway (jodie stephen collins foster) and the religious spokesman palmer joss (matthew mcconaughey ). the film succeeds wonderfully at its beginning two destination. the portrayal of the communicating from an alien world is lots more reasonable (albeit less immediately engaging) than, say, the cold - blood destructiveness of the encroacher in independence daylight or even the complex process of abductions and genetic crossbreeding that forms the ongoing plot communication channel of tv ' s the 10 - files. the aliens in contact seem to be like u - they constitute more singular than anything else. they know we exist, they want u to know that they exist, and they would like to cook the next step and communicate in somebody. the film wisely refrains from showing us the extraterrestrial directly, and between the characters ' ongoing speculation about the alien and the outstanding visuals in the climactic yet enigmatic scene when arroway arrives on the alien world, that common sense of wonder and closed book comes through with a force rarely seen since john rowlands kubrick ' s 2001: a space odyssey. most of the picture, notwithstanding, takes topographic point on earth, where there is an extended public argument on how to respond to these extraterrestrial. scientists are enthusiastic, ultraconservative spiritual loss leader are wary, and government official are caught someplace in between. the debate is fire largely by dr. arroway ' s godlessness; she seems the obvious option to fly the space vehicle for which the aliens have provided blueprints, but many are leery of sending an atheist as humankind ' s example to another species. the film is partly successful in upgrade and exploring these questions, especially when it hit a conclusion that suggests that the ii approaches - science and religion - could be take in as complementary rather than diametrically oppose. yet, the film falls a small inadequate in its representation of this difference as information technology exist in american society. the ii " sides " cost symbolize primarily by arroway and by far - right fundamentalists, only in reality probably 80% of americans be neither atheist nor far - right fundamentalists. palmer joss occupy something of a middle ground, just he ultimately turn distracted by personal motives and comes across as a less - than - ideal spokesman for any political theory. and then again, the film do concentrate mostly on public disputation, which does, after all, tend to embody eclipse by extremist, rather than on dinner party - board beaver state college - dormitory discussions. contact lens is accurate in information technology portrayal of these proceeds, and so, but entirely within the narrow scope to which it confine itself. the picture show ' s peerless clear failure is in the portrayal of the romance between arroway and joss. for one thing, it resorts to the tired motion picture clich * that two attractive people will immediately come down in love as soon as they seem on the sieve in concert, as in that respect does non appear to be any other reason for their instant mutual attraction. the romance seldom, if always, throw away any light on the case, although it occasionally tries and fails - joss ' s explanation that he quit the priesthood because of the sexual abstention requirement (" i guess you could say i ' m a man of the cloth, but without the cloth " ), for example, be to a greater extent like a punchline to a joke than lineament development. instead, the latinian language mostly appear to exist for the sake of later plot of ground development. granted, this is a plot of land - and idea - driven film and the character are petty, but this just seem corresponding sloth on the writer ' part to a greater extent than anything else. the winner of inter group communication, however, far outweigh its failures. even if the societal comment had fizzled whole (which it didn ' t ), the bare still mysterious story of alien communication nonetheless would have made information technology a memorable motion picture show. physical contact doesn ' t quite cross all the bases, only it covers about every bit much as i could go for for in a two - minute film, and its rejection of big - budget theatrics for a more realistic story is certainly admirable. and i would not be surprised if, x class from now, liaison is mentioned in the same breath as 2001 and blade caranx crysos as one of the hunky dory examples of advanced and intellectually relevant science fiction. 