a grouping of high school kids mix up with a mathematical group of hip - hops artists as a documentarian strives to discover why today ' s youthfulness look attracted to black finish. the reassessment if black & whitened, the new film from author / director james toback, is eventually remember for simply one thing, information technology will constitute the revelation that brooke shields, claudia schiffer, marla maples and mike tyson can act. however, this partly ad lib treasure will comprise remembered for more than than that. black & lily white is a absorbing film; it makes a statement astir america ' s young and rose hip - hops culture without getting intemperate - handed overly serious. feature a cast of known commodities (ben stiller, robert downey jr.) and blistering neophyte (singers bijou phillips ), toback ' s is a complex film worth run across. ignominious & livid has multiple storylines that are all related to each other, a pelican state robert altman. there be dean the hoops player (allan houston) world health organization is asked to manipulate games for money by mark clear (stiller) in exchange for l grand a game. this finally shed over into the biography of dean ' s long - time acquaintance rich (tycoon ), a gangsta who control 20 city blocks of harlem. rich have to cope with the imminent opening of a white - possess club on his sward. meanwhile, the young white girls who like to give ear more or less with plenteous and his homies get verbalize into being in a documentary by sam donager (shield) and her gay husband terry (downey junior. ). others world health organization pee appearances are william lee robert falcon scott as the young lily white toughie will, joe pantoliano as his district attorney father, jared leto as a high school teacher, marla maple as the mother of unmatchable of hip - hop crazed teens, claudia schiffer as dean ' s girlfriend, and mike tyson as. .. mike mike tyson. the stories ebb and flow through the film, losing and gaining prominence all over fourth dimension. friendly relationship embody lost, lovers are acquire, and there is an occasional burst of violence. originally rated nc - 17 in the joined states, black & white sport a mass of sex between contraband gangsta and young whitened girls. while the film be trimmed downwards to a tamer universal gas constant evaluation, viewers will enquire what could be more than explicit than what they are seeing. the three - way sexual beginning of the film nicely warn viewing audience of what they constitute in for, and several audience members got upwards and left at that point. the frequent sexuality is one of the cinema ' s few flaws as the tickling is overdone and at times completely unrelated to anything else going on in the film. to toback ' s credit, the storey of violence in black & white hot is almost nil. these gangsta and hip - record hop artist are collapse material problem and concerns, and only become gun - tally crazies when it benefit them to appear that way. whenever a character finds himself on donager ' s hand held digital camera, he pop spout off righteous philippic on america and proclaims his independency, merely not everyone receive fully bought into the idea. charlie (phillips) is full of bluster astir why she do it hip - hops, merely admits that " in ten year time, iodine ' ll be way complete this. " these young know they are going done a stage, and are simply savour it. toback fills the infinite between these tirades with scenes that follow lightweight and funny. most of the humour comes from mike tyson, who provides the pic ' s comic backup without really try. he is devote big words like vernacular to say, and as rich try to discuss a particular street problem with tyson, atomic number 2 frequently hold to ask him to employ small words and explain himself better, playing on tyson ' s image as a dimwit. only tyson also gets the plastic film ' s scariest consequence. as helium is pitilessly hit upon by the really gay terrycloth, tyson embody a marvel to watch as he fights to remain calm. the view is entirely extemporise, with downey jr. constitute told to just keep at tyson until he gets a chemical reaction. the reaction he gets, being slap and so choked is astonishing, as downey jnr ' s face turn a frightening tincture of purpleness. pitch dark & white is a flick about hip - record hop finish, and the film ' s omnipresent hip - hop soundtrack powerfully supports this. just toback support thing from becoming too serious; by moving from story to story as quickly as helium does, toback keep us from becoming attach to any one fictional character ' s struggle. thus black & white ' s message astir rose hip - hop become secondary to the moving picture itself. toback but wants us to have fun and perhaps learn a little astir hip joint - hops along the way. and we do. 