alchemy follow steeped in shades of amytal. krzysztof kieslowski ' s blueing, that is. with information technology examination of death, isolation, character restoration, and recuperation from loss, suzanne myers ' novel independent film echoes the polish director ' sulfur internationally - acclaimed 1993 release. spoken communication aside, the main difference between the movie is that, while kieslowski took peachy pain to get us into the principal character ' s world, alchemy keep its viewers at arm ' s length. as a consequence, while we ' re able to revalue the moving picture ' sulphur intellectual tapestry, it is emotionally distant. interpersonal chemistry is separate into three chapter: " charity ", " religious belief ", and " trust ". while there be common motif and write up elements hunt through all three, the single invariable is the principal character, a carver / russian translator named louisa (rya kihlstedt ). when the film opens, she ' s aliveness with her painter fellow, whom she believes to be rip off on her. following his sudden death in an automobile stroke, louisa ' s animation is bemuse into turmoil. event swirls around her, and she can ' t find a origin of stableness. in her pursuance to make sense knocked out of her loss, she befriends her tardy boyfriend ' s kept woman, visits her sick sister, and, eventually, abandons her old life by get together a " back - to - nature " cult. alchemy successfully explore a variety of obligate issues. in addition to asking the basic interrogation of how a person should cope with the unexpected death of a loved one, it probes beneath the surface of construct like the importance of faith in the healing process, the meaning of erotic love, and the nature of fine art. does personality restoration come done interacting with others oregon escaping from the intimate? are aesthetic epiphanies the result of focused solitude or of surviving living, with all of its respective distractions, to the full? myers ' challenge is to puddle these subjects, fine art film staples, engross in a new context. through louisa ' s struggle, she succeeds. while alchemy isn ' t e'er emotionally appealing, it ne'er loses information technology enchantment. still when we ' re non colligate with louisa, world health organization is often more of a locus for mind than a fully - developed personality, thither ' s enough textile on - projection screen to hold our attention. the cinematography is stupefy. urban center prospect are tinted with sorry, adding a cold, raw dimension to the film ' mho early portions. after, when louisa reaches the " wilderness ", we ' re treated to a dazzling array of autumnal lustre - - bright - color leave in the tree and on the ground. it ' s a startling - but - efficacious visual contrast that emphasise the modification take seat in louisa ' s life as she journey the road back to emotional stability. the claim refers to the drill of a chemical group of mysterious faith - healers who use " alchemy " to provide for the needs of the body and soul. and, although louisa partakes of their peculiar steel of medicine, information technology ' s ultimately love and society, non alchemy, that brings comfort. her pain is gentle only if when she lets go of the impression that the inherent prophylactic of being alone is life ' s ultimate goal. even though louisa ' s last transmutation lacks the impact it could have own had she been a to a greater extent critical character, information technology ' s notwithstanding an intriguing and enlightening process to watch. alchemy isn ' t pure magic, merely, especially during it best moments, information technology ' s closely. 