let pine tree state maiden read that the conditions that i was forced to watch the ground substance under equal less than ideal. so i have hear to be equally fair as possible considering that my viewing experience be importantly less than ideal. i watched the matrix in a theater of operations that be in dangerous need of upgrades at the in force of times. nether no circumstances, should it possess ever been allowed to depict a heavy budget particular effects laden flick like the matrix. this theater, possess by the parent society of unrivaled of hollywood ' s biggest studio, hasn ' thymine even graduated into stereophonic system sound yet. the mono strait that the audience be subjected to sounded as if it was coming away of a speaker that be many years past compulsory retreat age. in early watchword, the sound sucked. as someone used to digital sound in a movie theatre, bad sound doesn ' t do anything to sum to a film. i ' m not even going to go into the frightful splicing job that the projectionist did arrange this film in concert. in that respect, 1 ' ve had my rant, now on with the on a regular basis schedule review. which sadly win ' t include commentary on the film ' s sound which iodine ' m assuming was spectacular, but i ' g merely guess. my guess on the sound seem like a pretty solid one look at the optical quality of the matrix. it be nothing short of stunning visually. sadly, the rest of the moving picture show, while fairly good, doesn ' t quite an measure up to the obvious effort that was expend on making this flick expression so darn just. the matrix get at it ' s core a serious concept, although it stray into the confusing side of meat to a greater extent oftentimes than i would have like. keanu reeves plays a estimator cyberpunk world health organization is drawn into the dread realization that reality is just a hoax. information technology turns out that that many year agone the world was devastated by some sorting of disaster. nowadays machine run the satellite and human race spend their lives in a sort of brooder, secure into a computer network. the computers be generating a practical reality world which be a representation of the earth before it be destroyed. the population of the major planet never take in that their intact life constitute a hoax and that they really spend their entire life as comatose. that be except a small band who have discovered this atrocious secret and experience escaped their practical prison house. they today spend their life combating the computers in an sweat to expose this trygve lie. reeve ' s character, neo, be recruited by this band of rebels conduct by morpheus (laurence fishburne ). newcomer carrie - anne moss and single of hollywood ' s nearly underrated actor, joe pantoliano, join fishburne in the band of freedom - fighters. the action sequences be nothing short of outstanding. this can equal attributed as much to the amazing special effect as to many of the actor ' s all encompassing pre - production training in martial arts. this bestow itself to some of the best warriorlike arts sequences that you are ever so likely to control in a movie. when you append this to some of the idle effect in the computer bring forth earth, it all adds up to an eyeful. as i already said, the visuals far outpace the rest of the film. acting in the matrix embody not bad, but information technology certainly isn ' t real near either. keanu reeves devote his usual fairly passionless performances. although to his quotation, it is matchless of his better performances. laurence fishburne on the early hired man often seemed to forget that he follow in a sci - fi action film. more than a few times atomic number 2 delivered his demarcation as if he thought helium was performing in some sort of shakespearean dramatic play. joe pantoliano was a small under use in this film but he made the most with what helium had. carrie - anne moss turn prohibited a astonishingly good performance for this her first feature film role. it ' s nice to run into that she be cast as much for her talent as for her breathtaking looks. you have to yield all of the primary actors a healthy dosage of credit for the workplace that they obviously frame into the physical training for their theatrical role in this moving picture. it was light that no pocket size effort go into get the moves down perfectly for the fighting sequences. i also set often of the rap for the passably laboured performances in the ground substance on the dialogue, which was terrible at times. in more than than a few places information technology got way too existential for my liking and at other sentence it be just plain weird. information technology almost seems as though the writer make up having a difficult time trying to figure verboten how to explain the concept for the movie. so they decided to earn the dialogue equally obtuse as potential so that no i could figure out what the heck they were talking astir. thereby covering improving any saltation of faith that they may have had to make in the section of logical system and believability. my former major ailment with the ground substance was with the very unsatisfying ending. the setup for information technology was hokey and frankly used in many a spoiled film before. the ending itself embody just plain unknown. the independent reasons to recommend the ground substance are the visual consequence and computer animation which form this a real kickshaw to watch. while the residue of the picture (acting, dialogue and to a degree plot) detract from the high production values, they don ' t detract adequate to prevent me from recommending the matrix as a fun means to drop an even. 