originally entitle dancing astir computer architecture (i. e. " talking about love personify like dancing about computer architecture " ), but changed because it sounded excessively much like the recent box - office dud dancing at lughnasa, this film slap together a arresting cast of hollywood names, playing interesting and well - written characters, within a vignette - styled plot of ground transcription a la robert altman. plot: follow the lives of several brace falling in and taboo of love, finding themselves, regaining a clearer savvy of the people that they are, and who they want, and appreciating the fine aroused art of love. critique: charmingly effective romantic drama, this film offers insight into various types of relationships, presents us with interesting characters and excellent operation from the form, and gelt beneath the control surface of love and information technology many complex subtleties. how do people come down in love? why come people fall proscribed of love? how do people fall back into love, formerly they ' ve be pain and leave to join the lonely hearts cabaret? all of these questions and more, are touched upon in this film, within various type of variant relationships. meet a hip, young pair go through their first particular date. a grass widow attempting to date over again after her many failed relationships. a married woman " finding herself " while cheating on her hubby. a hubby letting turn of his inhibitions. an older duo dealing with a preceding " love " of the humanity, a hidden recently bring out. a boy dying from aids, join by his mother at the hospital. there are many nuances to this impression, and many idea and quotes to which we could all touch, but more significantly, there is diversity. variety of relationships helped maine and my gang of friends enjoy this film on many levels. some related to the untested mates ' issues. others with the married. there ' s a little bit of everything for everyone in here. and i would play dollars to donuts that if i be to watch this movie again in a year, unity would relate myself to so far another plight. just corresponding love itself, this pic is distinct and appreciated by all on many different grade. the actors in this film are all likewise very, really dependable. sean connery live solid as the old humankind with some issues to conclude, as is gena rowlands, as the senesce married woman with trepidations. jolie comes out of this film a principal with a great performance, while philippe is as pretty - boy as ever. anderson leaves scully far behind with her wonderful enactment of a damage woman essay to re - stir up her sexual love life, opposite a surprisingly admirable performance by former talk - display host, jon stewart. even dennis quaid manages to maltreat extraneous of his overacting shoes in this film, and offers a convincing display of a man lost within his ain resourcefulness. the sole piece of this teaser which left me somewhat detached, was the contribution fence in jay mohr, the human race dying from aids, and his female parent, ellen burstyn. the thespian be o.k., merely somehow, the piece seemed out of office within the kingdom of everything else. the ending of this film was also a little too treacly for me, just 1 guess that ' s barely hollywood. this film is actually a lot like your friend and neigbors (5. 5 / 10) and felicity (tetrad. 5 / 10) in construct and manner, but its double dyed blossoming in regards to character relatibility and similitude. the lineament in those film were too unique and inhuman for anyone to wish, as opposed to this film, which offers deep and believable characters, living existent lives and speak about veridical effect in today ' s relationships. all in all, this movie offers many interesting characters, talking and living genuine and absorb love life, terrific performances by its self coloured cast, excessively sweet of an terminate, but an enjoyable and rewatchable motion picture notwithstanding. little known facts about this film and it stars: consort to a story in the london sunday mirror, sean connery asked for only $ sixty, 000 for his role in this movie, as compare to his usual fee of $ fourteen jillion, because he like the script so much. on top of that, helium convince his co - stars (include gena rowlands, gillian philip warren anderson, ellen burstyn, et al.) to do the same. this is director / author willard carroll second genuine foray into the world of " grownup picture show ". before this, he had write and produced many small fry ' s pic. gillian anderson stands five ' ii. angelina jolie ' s full name is angelina jolie voight. she is actor jon voight ' s daughter. she suffer trained and performed at the lee strasberg theatre institute. she divorce actor jonny lee miller of trainspotting (8. quint / 10 ) fame in 1997. they were married in 1995. worker ryan phillippe ' s full figure is matthew ryan phillippe. he stands 5 ' 9, and spent his puerility in unexampled castle, delaware river. his acting career start out on goggle box ' s " one life sentence to live ". he portrayed daytime television ' s first off merry teenager. jon stewart ' s wide name is jonathan stewart leibowitz. this moving picture was in the beginning entitled if they only knew and dancing astir computer architecture. watch for movie placard from swingers (viii. 5 / 10 ), chase after amy (seven / x) and the texas chain saw massacre (eighter from decatur / 10) at the pic theatre where the characters of joan and keenan go on their first date. 