for the first virginia reel of girls town, you just tail ' t get over lili taylor. is it potential to stay unperturbed that a woman of this age constitute playing a high school bookman? harder all the same, stool you avoid astonishment at how perfect she is in the part? with the sure, gaudy expertness of a de niro, taylor imbues unwed mother patti with all the simulated have it off - you confidence she seat muster. it ' s a deeply felt, stagnant - on performance, and by the halfway point you ' ve forgiven taylor her ain due date. for all its verite pretenses, girls town is less about a bunch of high - schoolers than it be about a movie film director and a cadre of writer - performers examining their own tactile sensation astir rape, relationships, and american woman. the moving picture ' s opening scene sketch an easy friendship between a grouping of four smart / sassy high school outsider on the verge of graduation exercise: patti, angela (bruklin harris ), emma (anna grace ), and nikki (aunjanue ellis ). only astir 10 moment into the film, we get word that nikki has swallowed a fistful of pills and bowed out of living. the remaining girl manage to smug nikki ' s diary out of her sorrow mother ' s menage, and sir frederick handley page through information technology at patti ' s office, investigating the root of nikki ' s despair. what they find is cruel and galvanize - - nikki get been raped by an editor at a newspaper where she interned, and was privately questioning the saneness and economic value of a man where such a affair could happen. eggshell - floor by the truth of the matter, the iii girls begin to talk among themselves and hail to a realisation about their ain lives. emma says she be raped last yr on a date with a football role player. patti ' due south hardly sympathetic, wondering what the hell emma thought she be do with her shirt off in a jock ' s car. and anyways, patti ' south had her own share of bozo who wouldn ' t convey no for an answer. pained, acrimonious debate ensues as the trio grow more than and more tempestuous - - angry about the impossibility of saying no, and angry with themselves for embody weakly, for being naive, for putting up with information technology. " wherefore do we place up with it? " emma finally asks, erst the argument have strain a fever pitch. " we try to talk astir it, and look what bechance. we press for xx minutes. " in that location ' s the admirable crux of this picture. girl town is a political plastic film, in that it calls for action. but it ' s incomplete - information technology ' s never rather sure how to justify that activity, oregon what form it should take. the trio become crusaders for their right to lordliness, and it ' s surely unitary of this year ' reciprocal ohm most rousing movie moments when emma lobs a concrete block through the rider - slope window of that damn jock ' s car (doing the right matter? ). they hang come out of the closet in the bathroom, chatting endlessly and scrawling slogans and naming names on the door to a throne stall. " subvert the patriarchy, " emma writes, and then starts a granville stanley hall of shame list underneath that early student get to contribute to. the girls silence their hecklers, ingest revenge on the defaulter don of patti ' s child, and finally come face - to - face with nikki ' s tormentor. still, the movie has a desperately bare lineament, and none of these subsequent exploit is particularly satisfying. ( you preserve hold off for someone to call the fuzz on these bodacious girls, but nobody thinks of it. ) perhaps searching for a resolution miss from the material at hired hand, the film take up information technology epigraph from audre lorde and queen latifah (" world health organization you callin ' a bitch? " ). the points are considerably take, but they should birth been unnecessary. long on personation simply a little short on story, girls town is less than it could take in been, and too self - congratulatory for my ain gustatory modality. theater director jim mckay is well known as a consort of r. vitamin e. m. ' s michael stipe (he directed the nearly unwatchable tourfilm for that band ), and young lady town be his first maraud into feature filmmaking. the movie was create and script by commission, but mckay and his lead performing artist had to shoot on a shoe string when, predictably, the group couldn ' t secure funding. then again, girls townspeople on a budget would just be the like film. the movie ' s slapdash quality be key to it significance. truth be told, all three of the leads look too wise for high school, but that ' s ok - - there ' s a once - removed caliber to their fine, ad lib performances, as the women take a very nice look back at the girls they once were, the girls they wish well they had been, operating theater some combining. for all its flaws, this one get extra points for having its unsealed top dog and heart in the same noble place. 