" the faculty, " the heavily - hyped and advertised sci - fi / horror film that have got teamed upwardly director henry martyn robert rodriguez (1995 ' s " desperado " and 1996 ' s " from dusk till dawn ") and screenwriter kevin williamson (1996 ' s " scream " and 1997 ' s " scream 2 " ), is being called a cross between " invasion of the body snatchers " and " the breakfast club, " and i don ' t think i could depict information technology any better than that. the motion picture sets up the half dozen central teenage character reference who do non seem to have much in common, and then the science - fiction aspect constitute added, involving the fear that the staff at herrington high school are actually aliens who are apace transform everyone in the town. the six characters, as in " the breakfast club, " can be easily label as a stereotype, but as they are developed, they get far more complex: casey (elijah wood ), the much picked upon nerd; stokely (clea duvall ), a goth outcast who hides behind the false facade of being a lesbian so everyone will avoid her; zeke (josh hartnett ), a drug dealer who turns out to be a science whiz; stan (shawn hatosy ), the star football quarterback who is considering quitting the team to concentrate more on academician; delilah (jordanna brewster ), the popular cheerleader and paper journalist; and marybeth (laura joel harris ), the sweet ' n southern new girl in town. although the fiber live only slightly relate (i. e. casey is delilah ' s photojournalist assistant; marybeth tries to become buddies with stokely, since they both assume ' t have friends, etc. ), when they all start to mistrust the teacher ascribable to some grotesque and unknown occurrences, the only people they can count on for assist is each other, even though they aren ' t really even indisputable if they can trust one another. " the faculty " is another smarting and pop - culturally hip film from williamson, although information technology perform not equal up to his good film, the original " scream, " and rodriguez, whose " from dusk till dawn " is still one of the more original genre films of the 90 ' s. williamson and rodriguez be then assured at their profession, respectively, that the approximation of teaming upwardly unitedly is pretty much a no - brainer. the plotline of " the faculty, " involving aliens taking over other people ' s bodies, has be done quite a lot before, from " invasion of the body kidnaper, " to " the creature masters, " to " invaders from mars, " so one of the obstacle that williamson and rodriguez had to overcome personify to somehow make up the idea seem fresh, and by setting the going - on at a high school and having the protagonists be a group of adolescent, they were mostly successful. certainly, the conventions of the story be even so the same, and the climax was inevitable, but at that place were a few surprises along the room, include the question of world health organization make up the aliens, and who weren ' t. the epilogue was besides a refreshing modification - of - pace as it did not prepare up a sequel but ended on a note that probably could non deliver constitute any respectable. the performances in " the module " be a treat throughout, since there were so many recognizable actors in use that were the polar opposite of what they unremarkably do. one exception follow the teenager, who, aside from elijah wood, make up not very good - known, but they all aquit themselves nicely, particularly woodwind instrument (the seasoned pro ), clea duvall, and jordanna brewster. as members of the staff, robert st. patrick (" t2: judgement day ") was creepy as the gym private instructor; piper laurie was amusing and threatening as the drama instructor; bebe neuwirth actually was somehow able to front like an alien; and salma friedrich august von hayek, as the school nursemaid with a bad fount of the frigidness, was very funny in a small role. the standout, in my public opinion, of the unanimous cast was famke janssen who wrench in an funnily touching performance as the shy and meek english instructor who, after turning into an stranger, becomes the sex bombshell. if there was any problem i had with the faculty, it be that some of them be given no substantial proceeds in the climactic chronological succession. since the teenagers substantiate that in order to save everyone they mustiness kill the " queen " alien, many of the faculty members vanish. it might receive follow more fun if they have to confront every one of the teachers, although the finale is still pretty impressive, and includes some showstopping beast effects, especially for a relatively depleted 15 - million - dollar budget. although non one of the best revulsion or science - fiction films i have seen, " the faculty " equal yet an exciting and worthy film that dimension films was smart to release about the holiday season when this type of genre offer is ordinarily non released. while the story exist as one time as the hills, it is as well, in a way, timeless, because everyone, i mean, has suspected at one fourth dimension or another that a certain person simply did not act right, as if they really weren ' t human being. and by put this idea in the context of a belittled - town eminent school, it perfectly contrasts with the alienation that most teenagers usually go through with when relating to adults and other match. + note of hand: the advertisement and poster campaign for this celluloid is hugely deceptive, as information technology features r & atomic number 5 artist usher raymond as one of the main role. in actuality, he exclusively take in a little function as one of stan ' s buddies who become quarterback after stan resigns from the team. if i were unity of the head from dimension, i would change this advertising at erstwhile, since information technology is unnecessary and rather deceiving. 