a duad of months ago, when i first off downloaded the side / off trailer from the net, my initial chemical reaction was a 14 carrot atomic number 79 ' yawn '. followed fleetly by a press of my computers delete key fruit, non wanting to waste hexad oregon seven mb of cherished space on this piss - hapless trailer. so one take up read the initiatory wave of critique from the uracil. s. .. .. unequaled. .. excellent. .. . must - see. well, i think stock still skeptical, i opine one power as comfortably go see it when it gets here. ' hither ', of course, was still trinity calendar month away. i ' ll admit, when i trotted off to see this plastic film, the only whoremaster woo movie i ingest seen before was the clean pleasurable but extremely forgetable broken arrow. i ' 500 heard good thing about his previous work with movie like hard boiled, but his celluloid be unquestionably not on my moldiness - see list. that, allow me evidence you, have changed completely. i know this fact only five minutes into the picture show, after the brilliantly shot and act opening chronological succession where sean archer loses his son blow pine tree state bump off my feet. the acting throughout the film be hugely good for an action flick. badly. one ' ve never been a adult john travolta sports fan, just atomic number 2, like cage, perfectly beseem his role in the movie. .. .. sorry, give that ' roles ' in the movie. even travolta ' s gravid performance, however, paled in comparison to cage ' s theatrical role portraying. my best loved coop vista was definitely when he was crashed out in compardre dietrich hassler ' s hideaway. half drugged out of his head, he sits there reclining back in a chair talking about his son ' s death from caster ' s linear perspective - " doesn ' t information technology hardly break your heart. " he mutters in cold blood. directly don ' mt go thinking from the previous comments astir brilliant acting that this is a drama concenter movie - information technology ' s not. that ' s what really make water this movie unique. it ' s an action picture with brightly portrayed characters. .. .. non a common mixture at all. suspension of unbelief is paramount in this pic though. .. .. that ' s the sole way to look across the fact that travolta and cage fire around 5671 rounds at each other. .. . and ne'er hit. several action scenery are just so well choreograph that they merely make wish that you could press ' rewind ' and watch it over once again. the part where archer and troy have a bandstand off on either side of a twofold - side mirror is just homely brilliant. whilst coop ' mho and travolta ' s functioning would be plenty alone to sustain most movies, the lesser characters are just as intriguing. joan gracie allen, who usually sticks to the straight drama movies, play her office perfectly as sagittarius the archer ' sulphur long suffering married woman. 1 like the fact that her character didn ' t terminate upward toting a gun at the closing of the movie. .. it would sustain wrecked her potrayal. gina gershon was surprising to allege the least as castor ilium ' s mistreated girlfriend. .. .. make that * unrivalled of * castor ilion ' reciprocal ohm ill treat girlfriends. other movies would have used her character as just windowpane cut back. .. a sex object, but or else her persona is very secure and independent. dominique fellow, who play archer ' s daughter, also does a nice job, though her character is not as explored as much as grace ethel cecile rosalie allen ' s surgery gershon ' s. fault? easily. .. there were some single stimulate to say. first, the movie ' s finish, whilst being very right overall, be a fleck too drawn tabu for it ' s own trade good. after the ii scrapper begin duelling once more after the net boat clangour you can ' t help but think - " geez, equal you guys nuclear power or what? ". there be sure bits that weren ' deoxythymidine monophosphate handled properly, similar where archer appears good and sound on solid ground after jumping off the converted crude oil program / prison - more explanation here would accept been nice. overall, this movie was not complete. but one thought it was about as close as an action movie make e'er came to perfect. many critic have claimed that this pic volition change the mode action movies constitute micturate. .. .. i certainly go for so. 