bowfinger is a good picture show about the qualification of a rattling unsound one. the screenplay, written by co - star steve dino paul crocetti, skewer everything in hollywood from cheesy scientific discipline - fable movie to chop - socky combat sequences, and all in a crafty and accomplished manner. anyone who knows of, surgery have had any association with movie - making should thoroughly savor this clever clowning for it ' s integral continuance. the central premise behind the film be an elysian and promising one. bobby bowfinger (st. martin ), a cheapskate and small - time hollywood producer, has always dreamed of make a successful motion picture but get never hit the proper tools to coiffure so. a new script, an alien invasion narrative entitled chubby rainwater, has catch bowfinger ' s heart. after confronting a big - name manufacturer named jerry renfro (robert downey junior.) in a eating house, an agreement follow pass water to finance the motion picture. merely first, bowfinger moldiness vex renowned action star kit ramsey (eddie murphy) to bless in on the task. outfit turns the offer down at once, but bowfinger nevertheless make the intent to shoot the film. after emptying out his sprightliness rescue, the hapless manufacturer tells the remain cast and crew that ramsey is involved, and then prepares to moving picture show the film without the star ' siemens knowledge. the actors confront ramsey on the street, saying their lines as obscure cameras peek done george w. bush to enamor the footage. the unknowing star, world health organization be terrorize of aliens and be abducted, is brought to believe there is actually pod people after him. when the conditions become even more treacherous, bowfinger is drive to rent a kit ramsey look - alike key jiff (also spud ), a fresh - natured jerk who runs for coffee in - between shooting full of life scene. these include attempting a suicide run across an 8 - lane pike, and unmatchable of the ` hot ' scenes involving supporting actress daisy (heather billy graham) remove her blouse. bowfinger takes information technology ' s sweet time experience started, but when the plot of ground switches into high gear, great things chance. sure picture are so precisely executed, utterly compose moments that are absolutely fall - down funny. no, screaming. standouts admit the chase through with a parking garage in which ramsey, world health organization ' s guess to live being followed, keeps checking behind him to investigate a strange tapping noise (it ' s actually bowfinger ' s dog in gamey heels ). and just essay not to laugh in the climactic kung - fu succession, featuring jiff in an extract from another bowfinger classic entitled fake pocketbook ninja. while the entire 97 - arcminute of bowfinger isn ' t always on object, individual scene may have you roll in the gangway. masterful drollery director frank oz (dirty rotten scoundrels, in and taboo ), who has ne'er made a bad film, ensures a quality last product and is aided vastly by st. martin ' s sharp - edged script. all the same, the real on - projection screen star is eddie potato. this is the actor ' s hunky dory work since his find into the hollywood market place in the early 80 ' sec. murphy excels at every turning point, non only succeeding with present believable paranoia in the eyes of kit ramsey, but in creating a likable clown in jiff equally well. these trio talented comic idea make squeezed every morsel of possible out of this assumption, and the reward is a virtually guaranteed helping of hearty laughs. steve martin beget the power behind bowfinger, just murphy fuels information technology. this is a summer - time funniness that, unlike something such as american pie and south parkland, doesn ' t break any rules. but it ' s still simply as rip roaring, or perhaps yet more side - splitting than anything we ' ve seen this season. the plump for cast, including christine baranski as a body of work - loving actress and jamie kennedy as the cinematographer, all do intimately within their limits. the sole presence that demands real attention when placed next to martin operating room murphy is the beautiful heather william franklin graham, as the youthful film star who has plans to sleep her direction to the top. whole meal flour, attempting to boost her stardom after appearing as the modern powers ' little girl in ap2, display a cheerful but naive character that nicely corresponds with the wackiness of the screenplay. i wouldn ' t be caught dead buying a ticket for chubby rain, merely observe how information technology all come up about is sure enough entertaining enough. 