" you ' ve got post " be the very definition of a " cute " movie. it ' s mother precious headliner, a cute story - agate line, and yet cute pets. despite this concluded - whelming prettiness (or perchance because of information technology ), i do it " you ' ve make ring armour ". i know, i experience. i ' mib supposed to be a cinema critic. i ' molar concentration not guess to love transparent and normal pictures like this. but darn it, someplace along the style, " you ' ve got mail " careen pine tree state in, hook, assembly line, and sinker. the movie stars tom hanks and meg ryan as two somewhat unhappy new yorkers who see in an aol online confab way and quickly turn close friends, without ever cognize each others identity. as the movie progresses, though, they begin to discover that they have a lot in coarse with each other. meantime, in " actual - living ", they comprise bitter competitors. she owns a quaint little children ' sec bookshop, he own one of those gigantic super - bookshop that offer impersonal armed service and discount prices. while his depot threatens to run her store out of business, their online relationship develop stronger. " you ' ve drive mail service " be equally artificial as movies come. everything be overnice and well chosen and by the end, all the characters have gotten exactly what they wanted out of animation. thither be no existent conflicts, no major disappointments, no unresolved outlet. nevertheless, i quite love information technology. in fact, single can ' t remember the last place time i had such a good time at the moving picture. i think sometimes you have to be capable to watch a movie and merely get drawn into information technology. the fact that stars hank and ryan are at the top of their game do non hurt either. in finicky, hanks be at his best hither, turning his " charm - meter " astir to 11. everytime helium was on covert, he get my full attention. and despite the fact that atomic number 2 was driving little bookstores proscribed of business organization, ace was rout for him. it was good to view hanks back doing what atomic number 2 does well: playing the amiable everyman. " you ' ve get ring armour " for sure win ' t personify winning any award, but as an exercise in pure entertainment, it ' s as good as information technology set out. 