" when information technology ' s cold, molecules aren ' t moving. everything be clean. " these be the essential words of mikey carver (elijah woodwind ), a unseasoned teenage boy living in 1973 unexampled canaan, ct in the icing storm. when mikey rescue these words to a bored skill class, it is unlikely that anyone realizes how much they parallel mikey ' s biography and the lives that surround him. his father jim (jamey sheridan) is rarely seen and his mother janey (sigourney weaver) is having an intimacy with matrimonial neighbor ben cowl (kevin franz joseph kline ). ben ' s wife elena (joan allen) surmise the thing, simply doesn ' metric ton say anything. meanwhile, ben ' south 14 - class - old daughter wendy (christina ricci) endlessly tempt mikey and his younger brother sandy (adam hann - byrd) into sexual explorations. mark tobey maguire plays paul thug, the sixteen - year - old teller of the story world health organization also happens to be the least prevalent character reference. we begin the film with an interesting expectation on family from saul. he compares family to the fantastic four comical book, and yet go so far as to state that family is everybody ' s own anti - affair; something everybody testament yield to eventually, and the farther you go, the deeper you ' ll return. the ice storm is a role piece that explore a dismal time both in united states of america, and in the private lives present in the movie. everything parallels everything else. the young adolescent trying to light upon who they are thru drugs, sex, and alcohol represent truly almost identical to the parents trying to figure out the purpose in their ain lives use the same methods. " when it ' s inhuman outside, the molecules aren ' t moving. everything is neat. " everything make up clean because nobody will admit what ' atomic number 16 going on. still the chairperson is on tv denying his amiss - doings. how force out you expect anything more out of a span of suburban syndicate ride the coattail of sexual revolution? wholly the sex and drugs is so plain empty, and i believe that ' s the power point of the motion picture. at first viewing, the integral motion picture might seem empty, but then wherefore shouldn ' mt information technology parallel itself? you put on ' t get to know the lineament very profoundly, just i think that ' s because nobody in the movie knows each former either. we deplorably watch ii families go about their lives nearly oblivious to one another. at first glance, you might think emotion is fall behind in the ending scenes because you haven ' t gotten to bed the characters intimately plenty to sympathize - then you realize that hardly might be the point, and then you do feel the pain. the performing by all is quite beneficial, only i particularly care elijah wood. he doesn ' t look to be find as much recognition as the others, but i still found him to possess quite a tangible sense of being. christina ricci is being applaud for her part as the misguided teenage temptress who appear for something more to her life in the pant of every available boy. still, i enounce hat away remain to wood, joan allen ' s subtle simply credible performance as a lonely, unappreciated wife, and the always excellent kevin kline. mark tobey maguire did a fine job, merely his character which, peradventure, was the to the highest degree intact, sensible soul in the account, seemed a little doomed. helium was needed, but perhaps he should ' ve be used to a greater extent. the ice violent storm is being herald by many as one of the best films of the year. 1 hate to allege that i don ' t agree, but ane don ' tonne. in fact, i toilet think of many other plastic film that i would rank high than this one. still so, information technology be a very good film. information technology takes a stack of retrospect to fully treasure it ' s artistic creation, but when you finally start seeing thing in it that you didn ' t before, you start to grow still fonder of the characters and the write up. peradventure this be matchless to see, mull, and then watch again with unlike eyes. 