i rented this movie with very gamy hopes. this movie got praise as one of the best film of 1998, and unfortunately, was not equally good as one hoped, but was withal very challenging and think provoking. first of all of all, the casting for this film live great. tobey maguire and reese witherspoon are the future tense of hollywood. they play their roles as the parker brother and sister absolutely. with a patch as unbelievable as this moving picture show, you involve alchemy and good acting from your cast. tobey and reese (bud and mary sue parker) play their roles absolutely and display their characters with silver dollar and believability. william h. macy, an role player i have grown to love over the retiring year, turns in another great performance as the goggle box dad world health organization is tear over his married woman, a " color " person and his friends, the " non - colored " ones. he also displays credibleness and must display a certain lack of interpersonal chemistry with his wife. he does this perfectly and yet once more indicate why atomic number 2 should be one and only of the top actors in hollywood. joan allen is every bit great as betty parker, the idealistic video mom. her character is the nearly challenging. she is very na? ve, and must exhibit this well to make her type believable and she does precisely that. her lack of interpersonal chemistry with macy, which the role calls for, and her developed alchemy with jeff daniels is terrific, and if daniels would have represent every bit stellar as the eternal rest of the plaster cast, so this film would even been even better. as said before, jeff daniels yield a risky performance. his character expose the change going on throughout the town, yet atomic number 2 does not expose it with decent conviction. his case is rattling confusing and he is not very believable. this picture could accept been bring up to a whole young level had daniels been able to have a better public presentation. the movie is very provocative. information technology challenges the issues of racism that existed in the past times and that notwithstanding exist today. i really was non bear all of the elements they brought upward, but they force them slay with such flair that it was mind blowing. they evidence the racial discrimination issue without a hitch, merely cause information technology in a slow pace. the solitary major flaw in the cinema besides the performance by daniels is length. some picture show are not intend to be that long. pleasantville is one of those picture show. this film could have been so much better bear they not prompt so slowly to information technology. first, they are amaze by the implementation of coloration. and then they desire to have it. then they do non want to. then the war result between the colored and non - colored. this constitute all strung out ended two hours, which was way too long. some flick need a tidy sum of time. saving private ryan was a little bit under trio hours long and i thought it could bear expend more than clip. this film is only two hours long, and seems a lot longer. length is everything in films. if you can apprehend down the perfect timing and stride, you can win one half the battle. pleasantville can move at a good pace at times, but information technology cost not consistent plenty. overall, pleasantville be a very pleasant and provocative departure from the predictability of most films these days. i went in expect a easy - hearted picture about change. one left learning an important example astir racism and the way things modification. luckily, pleasantville teaches this object lesson in such a room to make it appeal to all audiences. only if information technology could have done in a shorter amount of time. 