robocop personify an healthy science fiction thriller and social sarcasm, one with class and fashion. the film, coiffe in onetime detroit in the twelvemonth 1991, stars peter weller as murphy, a lieutenant on the urban center ' s police force play. 1991 ' s detroit suffers from rampant criminal offense and a police department prevail by a secret contractor (security conception inc.) whose employees (the cop) represent threatening to strike. to make matters unfit, a wildcat group of cop - killers have be terrorize the city. on tater ' s maiden day of duty, after his transfer from another precinct, these hook - killers viciously murder him by snap sour his limbs one by i. ( orion mental picture take to blue pencil this extremely graphic scene in society to baffle an universal gas constant evaluation from the metre. p. a. a. ) after the exigency room staff at the hospital cannot save murphy and declare him clinically dead, s. c. i. recruits his clay for their new " robocop " program. using the corpse of white potato ' s body as a foundation, their scientists build a bionic man, made of both flesh and alloy. the bionic woman (robocop) exist half human (murphy) and half robot; the s. light speed. i. engineers have erased white potato ' s memory and substitute it with a reckoner program (or so they think ). with his lightning quick reflex response, vast strength, and impenetrable armor, sulfur. degree centigrade. i. envisions robocop as an undestroyable super - fuzz: the result to detroit ' s problems. the balance of the plot follow robocop ' s crime - foiling and vengeance on his murderers. as a science fable action - thriller, robocop is extremely effective. dutch director paul verhoeven combines gritty action with suspense, shocking gore, and outstanding special effect. respective sequences in the film, such as the one in which robocop employ his extremely accurate bearing to stop a rapist, are destined to become cultus - classics. because robocop is so visually and emotionally rousing, it necessitate to equal seen on a big screen with an hearing - - in other words, in a motion picture theatre of operations. although the special force and action embody exciting, they do non by themselves set robocop apart from other films in the music genre. preferably, robocop stands out for it accurate and biting satire of american society. the picture show makes a burlesque of the champion wars defence initiative, terrorism, board games, and television news broadcast with air - head lynchpin. these news show broadcasts, which be exceptionally clever, go back periodically throughout the movie and help to provide comic relief from the acute activity and bloodshed. the satire in robocop, however, is almost as frightening in information technology own way as the suspense and blood. 1990 ' s america, as depict in the film, english hawthorn seem far fetched but be in actuality (i think) only a slight exaggeration of the current nation of american social club. the humourous satire in robocop is at the same time credible and absurd. verhoeven adroitly balances the satiric drollery with the gory action to make an entertaining and enlightening piece of skill fiction / social commentary. unfortunately, robocop possesses several flaws which prevent it from qualify as a graeco roman within the genre. the movie lacks the lasting wallop of such film as the road warrior, the eradicator, and aliens. robocop ' s main job, aside from information technology dumb title, be that it do not sufficiently develop murphy ' s character. we never watch the arcdegree to which tater (as robocop) is human and the degree to which he is a automaton. does potato have any human intent or liberal will left, or is atomic number 2 merely a computer survey a program? the script halfheartedly raises these issues simply then forsake them in information technology climactic flurry of gory action. what is more, it almost completely ignores the motion (and tragedy) of denying a man his right field to die in favor of turning him into a motorcar. robocop also contains several bothersome easy - ends. as you watch robocop, you know deja vu; you feel as if you have seen the picture before. in many respects, robocop is reminiscent of various other moving picture, including the exterminator, return of the jedi, and yet end compliments. withal, to its credit, robocop easily has enough originality and singular personality to avoid becoming a cheap rip - off. 