curdled is a deliciously gloomy and witty dark drollery, only its humour come through ' t charm to everyone. to be specific, let pine tree state give you an example. do you jazz in pulp fabrication where jules and vincent go on brain contingent after marvin and his head accidentally get separated? if you intend that was all tasteless and unfunny, don river ' t see curdled. on the other paw, if you regain that succession to be pretty funny, you take the sense of humor that curdled is aimed at. our celluloid ' s heroine, gabriela, played by angela jones, is a woman obssessively peculiar astir murder and in series killers; she even keeps a scrapbook of news articles. fortuitously for her, miami be being plagued by a serial killer rampage - her scrapbook is getting pretty big. the killer ' s cognomen in the press is the blue blood killer, because he preys on quondam rich socialite women, and he ' s work by william james arthur baldwin (this is non a spoiler ). one particularly spectacular 1000. o. on the blue blood killer whale equal his aptness to decapitate his victims. gabriela is watch tv one day when she spots an advertisement for a firm whose line of work is dead attuned to her interests. she immediately quits her chore, and signs on with pfcs, which stands for post - forensic cleansing service. no points for guessing what they do. her workmate are confused by gabriela ' s enchantment with murder; to them, information technology ' s just now a day line of work. in that location ' s a hilarious locker way view where they debate whether decapitated heads can mouth, and what they would say. gabriela ' s partner, elena, spiel by mel gorham, represent particularly distract by gabriela ' s wide - eyed fascination, and becomes really upset when gabriela volunteers them to clean upward the blue blood killer ' s modish picture - they ' re the messiest, you see. unbeknownst to them, the last victim left something on the scene which would id the blue bloodline killer whale, so he ' s also heading concluded in that respect.. the equivalence to pulp fable in the first place on was non accidental - quentin tarantino administrator - produce this flick, which began life as a short film he saw at a film festival. apparently tarantino was and so impressed that he helped braddock exchange this into a feature - length picture. there are other parallels - the star of clabber is angela jones (the superlative billing goes to william baldwin, simply really, jones is the central character ), who ' second likely adept bang for her role as esmerelda villalobos, the death - obssessed taxi driver in pulp fiction. that office was written specifically for jones based upon her similar character in the aforesaid short celluloid, curdled jnr. jones represent peachy in coagulate - she ' s wonderfully shady and maintains an amusing broad - eyed naive curiousity about slaying without compromising her graphic symbol ' s innocence or likeability. she can express thusly much with one lift of her eyebrow. it ' s a expectant performance. reb braddock ' s focusing is extremely sharp and clever, toeing the assembly line between black humour and unsound taste. the best setting in the film is an atrociously suspect succession involves jones and dancing - any more than than that would embody a mollycoddler. the opening night credit rating sequence equal also inventive and amusing. of course, it ' s impossible to really take this hooey seriously, only then over again you ' re non rattling supposed to - braddock knows the hearing is in on the joke, and pass water information technology a fun little romp as a result. the ace drawback of curdled is that it equal based on a curt film, and it feel like information technology; the fabric is just extend too flimsy in order to fulfill a feature length running time, and some parts just look to embroil. while it running time comprise already a short 94 mo, it could really stand to mislay twenty minute operating room so to give information technology better pacing. curdled seems destined to constitute a skillful cult motion picture for miramax. it ' ll be interesting to control if it will appeal to mainstream audiences equally well. 