adult male in black be an explosive commixture of science fiction, action, and funniness that hit the target in every possible fashion. although another alien movie, human in black market succeeds in every way that independence day didn ' t, and towers above many other motion picture of its type. the brilliant playacting, especially by tommy robert edward lee jones as agent kay, is as well as good as information technology gets. theater director barry sonnenfeld, who was behind the camera for the addams family movies and get shorty, has craft a chef d'oeuvre. the story behind men in black is scarce equally interesting as you would want it to follow. the humanity in black, or mib, follow a top - hush hush governmental bureau that is not known to survive. the mib be responsible for " save the creation from the trash of the universe ". a though occupation, indeed. the film spread with a truckload of illegal alien (the man kind) being transported across the mexico border and into the united states. presumptively, these " unknown " are all migratory workers. that is, until the mb show up and start interrogate them. agent kay selects a particular untrusting worker and takes him aside from the former local say so to disclose that he be not an illegal human alien, but a real surplus - terrestrial alien. when the alien piss a run for it, agent kay cost force to eliminate the alien with one of the mib ' s very unique weapons, and after one of the local law enforcement officer witnesses this bizarre occurrent, agent kay is storm to use another real unique device on them. the gimmick, distinguish as " out of state ", eliminates the memory of anyone information technology be used on. > from hither, we are inaugurate to james edwards, played real well by will smith. edwards, a constabulary ship's officer, is chasing a fleeing criminal. the criminal gives a really good pursuit, and at one point when edward face him, the criminal pulls verboten a very different looking weapon that disintegrated when information technology hit the dry land. edwards continues to chase the very athletic felon to the top of a edifice, where the criminal informs edward that helium must let him give up the ghost, because someone equal after him. edwards doesn ' t take this badly, but when the malefactor show real non - human characteristic and jump off the building, he begins to wonder. back at the constabulary station, factor kay shows up to call for edwards a few questions. atomic number 2 inform edwards that is be, in fact, a non - homo that he be chasing, and that the gun he pulled out was definitely not piece - micturate. he has edwards discover the gun, and require edwards to amount to the mebibyte headquarter the undermentioned day. edwards arrives and finds that atomic number 2 is need in a recruiting process, along with versatile other men who seem a bit to a greater extent restricted than helium. after goofing up for half of the time, edward put on a display at the firing range, and agent kay notes the reason why he feels edwards should personify the man to join the mib: atomic number 2 chase down the " criminal " on metrical unit, which is something that no one is supposed to be able to do. in the meantime, an upstate fresh york farm has a very unaired encounter. edgar (vincent viosterol ' onofrio ), proprietor of the farm, investigates a strange crash landing place and be attacked by the indweller of the flying object, which presumes to jump inside edgar and employ his body as a human exaltation. the " microbe ", as he comprise called, is an intergalactic terrorist world health organization has come up to earth to attempt to kill two ambassador. and information technology upward to the megabyte, with new recruited agent john jay (formerly james edwards) to exterminate the bug and save the planet from intergalactic war. men in black delightfully combines tight - pace action with ofttimes hilarious clowning, which is usually from will smith, although tommy lee jones open up his comedic personality in this film. the special essence are too very advantageously done and are non the entire source of the plot, as in another big alien plastic film from the retiring summer. screenwriter ed solomon, author of super mario bros. and the forthcoming adam - humankind film, has surely collide with gold with this story. all ages will enjoy homo in black. it is an passing sport film that you will want to examine again. although it runs a real agile and rapid 96 minutes, the intact film from beginning to end is a non - stop adventure. the terminate of the film, which link up up a few loose closing for one of the main characters, personify besides very well done. a subsequence personify already being planned, so there is more to look onward to! 