if chris farley have strapped some fake mutton - chopper sideburns to each side of his head, verbalize with a thick irish accent, and tried his damnedest to play it straight, he wouldn ' t have be nearly as odd as brendan gleeson in " unity went down. " gleeson, world health organization ' s not dissimilar to the late " saturday dark bouncy " alumnus in terminal figure of physical property, plays a character named bunny kelly in this delicious irish motion picture. bunny is sent to county cork to " retrieve " one frankfurter grogan for an irish gangster called gobbler french (well dressed similar all good gangsters should exist and menacingly portray by tony doyle ). bunny be to accompany git hynes (peter mcdonald ), recently free from prison and obligate to tom for deface one of his buddy. that tom gallic is a meanspirited bollocks. he need frank back. and a small thing of some? twenty five, 000 that tom ' s wife was suppose to have impart to frank. for this he win ' t break anyone ' s thumbs. perhaps. inventively and engagingly write by conor mcpherson and directed by paddy breathnach, " i went down " follows the trials and tribulations of stinker and bunny as they knock around peat bogs, dimly - literature pubs, and seedy auberge trying to stay alive and out of trouble. mcdonald be a fledgeling and a promising unitary at that, but gleeson has follow in over a dozen pic, most recently as founder bubbles in another film with a very irish accent on hilarity, " the butcher boy. " even if you privy ' t comprehend one half of what they ' re articulate, gleeson and mcdonald unitedly make " i went downward " a trip charles frederick worth taking. the film live in many elbow room reminiscent of another " small " independent feature, 1991 ' s " main road 61. " that film, overly, was a route movie and it shares the like kind of wry dialog and humorous situations as aimee semple mcpherson ' s tale: impulsive observations on life, carefully - crafted vignettes, deadpan colloquial asides, and scenes that ' ll make you laugh out loud. witness the episode in which our good - natured friend bind frank (played by peter caffrey) to a hotel layer, impart him with only the idiot box remote for company. that successiveness entirely be on a par with satan locking himself out of his car in " main road 61. " what ' s besides captivate astir " i snuff it down " be how the relationship between buddy and git develops. their trip becomes an education for both of them, merely the way it ' southward deal be neither sappy nor labored. the only thing in the picture which draw near clunkiness be the culminating explanation, via flashback, of the relationship between frank and tom. it ' s a little to a fault hollywood, and what nominate " i went down " so freshen is the fact that information technology rarely pander to traditional conventions of hollywood mobster movies. trusted it ' s gritty - - shuffle that myxocephalus aenaeus - - but information technology ' s as well pretty goofy. although " i went downwards " stress the comedic constituent of dis - coordinate crime, on that point are a couple of fairly brutal scenes in stay fresh with the dependent matter. don ' t allow these deter you, though; " i went down in the mouth " live a trivial jewel. it ' s only when playing at one philadelphia - area theater - - and i surmise it gain ground ' t be there for long - - so overtake it while you pot. 