fritz lang ' s first american film since lead nazi germany, be an eye - opener astir a lynch mob in a small town. joe wilson (spencer tracy) is a unconstipated joe, a hard - working cadaver, a decent guy, world health organization be live with his 2 brothers, tom turkey (walcott) and charlie (albertson ), in chicago. he is engaged to katherine grant (sylvia sidney ), but can ' thymine save up adequate money to espouse her. she takes the train west for a dependable devote job as a instructor. before she departs, she gives him the wedding party skirt her father give to her mother, sews up his ripped trench pelage, corrects him when he mistakingly says the wrong word for memento, and kisses him auf wiedersehen. a year blend in by and joe buys a cable car and tells katherine that he will gather her to buzz off hook up with in capitol city, that atomic number 2 has quit his job and hopes to open a gas station. drive through the rural backroads and camping tabu at night while move to cope with her, he arrives at a near - by town call strand. but the deputy sheriff sheriff " buggs " meyers (walter brennan) comes upon him waving a scattergun and catch him. he accuses him of the snatch of a footling female child. the sheriff (ellis) finds salted peanuts on him just like the abductor had in his pocket, he also has a five dollar bill on him that match unmatchable of the turn of the ransom money, and he fits the general verbal description of the defendant. locked in pokey, he hold off for the dominion attorney to look at his claim of innocence. in the local bar, the town citizens go into a rage when learning that an halt have been make in the snatch. fuel by angry talk about getting back at the kidnaper and of get the deputy unwittingly severalise them of the ransom money found on the suspect, a crime syndicate storms the jail, burns information technology kill and dynamites it when they can ' t get through to the prisoner ' s jail cell. the sheriff call the governor for the national guard, but one of his political advisers countermand that request, saying it wouldn ' t look right for the governor in an election twelvemonth to call extinct troop for those he want to vote for him. somehow joe escapes, merely his dog rainbow dies. katherine hears what has happened on the tuner and rushes to the neighboring townspeople of string only to see him engulfed by flames in his cellular telephone, and becomes convinced that helium died. the next day the newspapers announce that the guilty snatcher confesses. joe makes his fashion backwards to chicago and tells his brother, who are startled to see him alive, that atomic number 2 wants revenge. he thereby supplies his chum with the name of the 22 leaders in the lynch mob. an challenging district attorney (walter abel) prosecutes the xxii for murder. katherine, not knowing helium ' s alert, remains in a state of shock, simply be asked to be a witness that she saw joe burning to death. the defense claims that information technology can ' t personify a charge of murder without a cadaver. the trial run demonstrate to be interesting, as the citizens in this close - knitwork, goodish community, lie nether oath, providing alibis for each early to prove they couldn ' t accept been at the jail. the sheriff likewise lie, pronounce he can ' t identify anyone in the mob. but proof come by way of a newsreel cameraman who catch the whole incident on film. as for trial impression of the corpse, an anon. letter be direct to the judge wrap with the wedding ring katherine give joe. in the note, memento follow misspelled, which piss katherine actualise that joe is alive. when the conviction is announced, xx of the accused be found guilty of slaying, but joe marches into the courtroom and give a pious speech about what happened. katherine forgives him, and this very strong photographic film ends on a weaker note than i opine it should have. but don river ' t blame lang for whole the changes in the film, of try to hire the town turned the hook by introducing this crazy revenge need. mgm couldn ' t bear to have it made the way lang wanted information technology, that is, by have got spencer tracy die in the lynching. instead they wanted to discontinue short of condemning so many small american towns where lynchings really do occur, and they thereby meddle throughout the entire handwriting. to lang ' s course credit, yet if this film failed to be a masterpiece because of the interference, it nevertheless do not permit the beneficial citizens turned the moral hook. his portrayal of the attempted lynching was strongly done and was non compromised. you couldn ' liothyronine help get the feeling that the citizen didn ' liothyronine care that much that they almost lynched an innocent man, but cared more than about protecting the report of their town and would do anything to keep their xxii vigilance man from going to jail, even perjuring themselves. their reaction to seeing joe alive was satisfy only in that information technology meant they weren ' thymine going to embody convicted. lang by no substance implies that the town cause learned it lesson from this incident. he does entail that a dark side to joe wilson experience been unwrap, and the inexperienced person, jovial adept - guy, seen in the beginning of the film, make been mostly altered forever by this traumatic experience. 