my filmcritic. com colleague average schrager nailed session ix, brad anderson ' s reversion to spooky horror motion picture from the 70 ' s. it worked as an eerie homage without being ego - referential operating theatre smugly postmodern. genre aficionados will acknowledge the similarities in look to stanley kubrick ' s the polishing and george romero ' s dawn of the dead without being strike out of the engrossing narrative (i. e. , a psychologically addle waste management squad clears out an abandoned lunatic asylum; unspeakable apprehensiveness ensues ). in a dual - jinx for 2001, anderson shoots and (mostly) scores again with his eclectic riffian on time - travel episodes from the twilight zone, appropriately style happy accidents. much corresponding session 9, the cards are played rattling near to the vest here. is schoolboyish, eccentric " sam deed from dubuque, iowa " a futuristic voyager from the class 2470 beaver state just your run - of - the - mill psychologically disturbed nutcase let loose on the present - twenty four hour period street of nyc? as played by terrific fictional character player vincent d ' onofrio (full metal crown ), it ' s up in the air whether or not we should accept his detailed monologues about life after the polar ice caps have melted. the interrogation raise to be moot, at least for a time. still if the whole thing proves to be a creative psychotic belief, 1 agrees with the reference judgment passed down on him by his new girlfriend, ruby (marisa tomei ): " he ' s a monstrosity, but helium sure tells a good story! " neurotic ruby thinks she may have found true love after a series of nightmarish date disasters (the junkie, the fetishist, the artist, the french person, etc. ), but isn ' t quite sure how to handle " sam deed " when he starts explaining the barcode on his arm, his elaborately construct fake identity, his pathological fear of dogs, his power to speak five different languages, and his commission to change a crucial moment in time that may induce ramifications on time ' s alternate reality. ( don ' t ask. ) it ' s all a bit much to select in. ruby ' s close friend gretchen (cuz ya can ' t have a love story without the token friend, though nadia dajani endow the thankless role with warmth) chalks it upward as a sexy role - playing game, but her cautious healer (holland taylor) warns her that cobalt - dependence is rearing it ugly head once again and she ' s in over her headway with yet another doomed relationship. world health organization ya gonna believe? despite her come through an academy award, marisa tomei has ever struck me as an annoying and unwished for screen comportment, one that undermines the pleasance of watching happy stroke. her brassy new yawk attitude ne'er really meshes with her desperate desire to appear " cunning " to her adoring fan. personify loud and flash a (artful) smile does not of necessity equal " substantial and aphrodisiac. " it takes more than a crack squad of hair and press masses to imbue her with personality. then there ' sulfur that curse voice, which strains to be oh - indeed - adorable. look, this stuff exist strictly subjective. some people feel this way about richard gere, others cannot endure to catch robin roger williams ' hyperactive shtik. for my money, information technology ' s m. tomei with a heater. felicitous accidents is a romantic comedy filter out through dozen scalawag (or, more appropriately, chris marker ' s la jetee, especially with those still framed " memory " picture sherwood anderson hire as a stylistic twist throughout ). advanced manhattan is film with an otherworldly, vaguely alien center with a color scheme oddly reminiscent of logan ' s rivulet. as the unknown in a strange solid ground, d ' onofrio walk slimly out - of - step, marvelously affable but oft inscrutable with his wayward expressions and bemused detachment. this is science fable order mainly via the power of suggestion (though information technology often fall into the sci - fi trap of have entirely too much forced expo - - we want deeds, non words! ) at least twenty minutes too long, well chosen accident finally gets around to a subspecies - against - time scenario that place " surface to air missile deed " to the ultimate test. no movie can live in ambiguity everlastingly, just anderson seems terminally ineffective to render acceptable conclusions to his otherwise well structured recent narratives. ( let ' s pretend the loathsome and predictable next stop wonderland ne'er materialise, shall we? ) there be too some tedious, repetitive stretching as ruby and sam go ended the like arguments again and again complete whether or not he ' s crazy. the premise is potent plenty to keep up pastime, but it ' s enough to throw a nod in the cosmopolitan counsel of rod serling for wrapping up his estimate in half - hour time slots, commercials included. 