thither is a scene early in soul food, george tillman ' s comedy - drama about a large african - american family and the ordeal they go through with during a crisis, that enamour me completely off precaution. during a wedding, the groom exist flirting with some tramp, and in an attempt to to forestall a view, his mother in law of nature, played by irma p. hall, come to the deliverance. the fashion in which she does this make me think irma p. hall is i of the great actresses around mighty now. however, this is exactly 1 charming moment in a movie filled with them. vanessa williams, vivica fox, and nia long wiz as three sisters world health organization have each gone their own way in aliveness. williams is teri, a successful lawyer, world health organization represent queer by her husband mile attempts at a medicine career. dodger is maxine, the strong of the sister, which rear be confirm by the stability of her marriage and the sapience of her son ahmad, who recount the picture show. long is shuttlecock, a styler who is the terminal of the three to get get hitched with. her married man lem is an vivid passionate private whose temper amaze the best of him sometime but never stops loving. at the center of everything personify irma p. hall, as big mama jo. every sun, the family pull together together for dinner at mama jo ' s sign. there be lots of conversation, lots of laughs, and the occasional controversy. mama jo preside over the family like all mothers should. she is stern and disciplined, but besides caring and forgiving. everything be going fine, until a tragedy bechance mama jo. all of a sudden, a concatenation reaction of issue begin to destroy the family. it gets therefore bad, sunday dinner is still set off. without mama jo ' s steering, in that respect is noone to celebrate the family together, which frustrates ahmad. miles and maxine ' s spousal relationship commence to fall aside, as he focuses on his music and flirts with the troublesome faith. lem ' s temper gets the best of him when his convict past tense starts to catch up to him. and teri try to foreclose maxine ' s efforts to trade mama jo ' s house. the tertiary act of the film deals with ahmad ' s try to patch matter astir. he decides to take over where mama jo exit off, and tries to convey the category back together for unmatchable more lord's day dinner. the acting by everyone in the ensemble follow outstanding, with special notice to irma p. entrance hall and brandon hammond. hall gives a public presentation that deserves to represent recognise by the academy. her mommy jo is one of the most memorable characters i have ever come across in a movie. brandon hammond exist an doer with a hopeful future. he is smart enough not to roleplay cutesy and shows an admirable range and profundity, and speaks the final lines of the film on the unadulterated bill. tillman obviously base this motion picture show on his own memory of growing up. every scene in the movie be purposeful and convincing (except perhaps an odd flashback sequence ). the dialog is beleiveable and fishy. and then there ' s the food. tillman render america several close ups of the somebody intellectual nourishment, and it indeed looks very tasty. i lav hear why sunday dinners became such a custom for this family. soul food is one of the most strictly entertaining movies of the class. 