those of you who frequently read my reviews be non likely to be surprised by the fact that single have not read victor victor marie hugo ' s novel les miserables. i father ' t know if a circle of people make, though 1 imagine many are familiar with the democratic musical based on the novel. i haven ' t even seen that. going into this picture, i have most no noesis of the story operating room its characters (i even expected the picture to equal a melodic ). walk away from information technology, i ' m form of glad atomic number 53 had no prior experience with the material. author / director bille august ' entropy plastic film version be a straightforward, beautifully told film. liam neeson stars as the miserable jean valjean; in the origin, he has simply been free from a nineteen - year prison sentence. atomic number 2 is allow to stay in a convent by a kindly priest despite his rude and destructive behavior. the priest ' s words of wisdom influence him, and he makes a vow to change himself. nine years later, we are inform that atomic number 2 be now the mayor of a town called vigo; nonentity knows his real name, and that he is want for hop his parole ix years ago. engagement uprise when inspector javert (geoffrey rush) is assigned to vigo. valjean remembers javert as one of the prison house guards who perpetually tick him, and javert remembers jean to be a inmate. javert is hell - bent on bear on the law, and he behave everything in his power to bring blue jean to justice. along the way, valjean meets and fall in honey with a peasant woman, fantine (uma thurman ), and vows to choose tutelage of her girl, cosette (diddle later by claire danes ). les miserables be visually a solid and often striking motion picture show. the production design by anna vipera aspis is authentic and vast, and the sets don ' t look like sets (they expect like genuine ithiel town and villages ); gabriella pescucci ' s costumes be noticeably spectacular. sweet basil poledouris ' soundtrack be thick and usually good - placed (though it does get a bit heavy at clip ). many scenes in the picture induce a memorable photographic caliber, such as the climax, which drive place next to a dark river in the grey obscurity of early even. augusts keeps the story simple (which i hear is a undecomposed thing, since the novel personify therefore complex) and promiscuous to follow. he manages to recrudesce the main quality and most of the subplots adequately. i was also impressed that he didn ' thyroxine go overboard with flash and style, which be something so many director seem to live doing to classic stories these days (such as baz luhrmann ' s vicious tragedy william shakespeare ' s romeo + juliet ). this film feel solid and unharmed, and each scene has a sure amount of grandness and vigour that keeps the audience concerned. liam neeson exist terrific in the independent role; neeson embody the kind of actor who does solemn desperation passing well, and valjean is certainly a mankind who clearly fits that adjective. thurman, in her little function, represent really unspoiled, and rise that she has a lot of range and can perform in a very non - glamorous function such as this one. thrill be absolutely incredible as javert; ane don ' t remember ever feeling so powerfully about a villain as i do here; he adds depth and complexness with subtle glances and nuances, and effortlessly clear each of his scenes intense. i can ' t exist as kindly for dane, notwithstanding; though i know she is a gifted actress, here she tends to overact when information technology mightiness have be better to underplay the character a bit. les miserables be, as i ' ve aver, a square, intelligent movement picture. my only ill equal that it palpate a bit too easy, and maybe too staged. each scene is grand and vast, and explode with poledouris ' grade, merely i didn ' t always want them to comprise. for the most contribution, les miserables is non a subtle operating theatre deep picture. it ' s a upright movie, and recite information technology story well, merely august tends to hand - feed u themes and scene that would have work better get they been to a greater extent pernicious. however, in a picture this exciting and well - produced, a few modest flaws are easily overleap. 