true religion and its expression through organized religion be a difficult subject for a motion picture to undertake point - on, which comprise plausibly wherefore so few of them do it. even the almost religious directors - like martin scorsese or ingmar bergman - commonly address issues of religion in implicit rather than explicit religious terms. so it ' s not hard to see why information technology took henry martyn robert duvall xv years to get " the apostle " onto the big - screen door. as a matter of fact, even after fifteen years he still never managed to fuck off fiscal backing, and atomic number 2 ended up paying for it with $ 5 meg of his own money. helium also wrote the handwriting, orchestrate the film, and starred as the central character, a fiery texas preacher name euliss " lad " admiral dewey. few movie maker have the courage and sheer audaciousness to take on that form of financial, technical, and creative province single - handedly, and it ' s will to what an intensely personal project this was for duvall. and, gratefully, every turn of that personal investing translates on - screen door into business leader and honest emotion. lad is an industrious, pentecostal preacher who has be speaking (actually shouting) from behind the podium since he be twelve. he spends a good deal of his time locomote about the country, evangelise with other preacher man at tent revivals. unlike most hollywood characterizations of vivid sermoniser, laddie is non a phony or a swindler, and the film ' mho intent is not to unearth hypocrisy and sinning in either sonny or the church. duvall makes it abundantly clear that sonny truly believes in what helium says, although like all humans, atomic number 2 give birth weakness. one of his helplessness turn apparent when he finds out that, not only does his long - suffering wife, jessie (farrah fawcett ), want to leave him for another man in the congregation, only the two of them have on the qt plotted to move out him as preacher man. faced with the red ink of ii things he loves passionately - his church and his family - that same sensitive power that allows sonny to draw total congregations rocking and sway transforms into a violent temper. at his son ' s baseball game secret plan, sonny snaps and smash his wife ' s lover in the face with a baseball game bat, bring down a injury that may be fateful. not knowing what else to make, sonny disappears. he throw off aside his identification, drives his auto into a lake, and takes a omnibus to louisiana, hoping to lead off over over again. in the tiny, mostly miserable coastal town of bayou boutte, sonny once once again finds his calling. after befriending a simple auto grease monkey (walt goggins) and tracking low the town ' s x - minister (john beasley ), sonny sets up his own church, the unmatched way to heaven tabernacle. rhenium - baptise himself as " the apostle es. atomic number 9. , " he quickly draws in concert an eager congregation, and unitedly they pull in real change in each other ' s lives. but, always, sonny ' reciprocal ohm past is lurking a whole step behind him, waiting to withdraw his progression. duvall has made his intent in make " the apostle " open. in a recent article in " newsweek, " he wrote: " movie maker scarcely ever depict spirituality with such a strong stress on the holy spirit, and when they perform, it lean to personify patronizing - full of charlatans and snake handlers. .. but what i really wanted to act live try to understand what these preacher go through and what they believe, and to portray it in an accurate room. " the strength of duvall ' s convictions turn out to live the strength of his film - " the apostle " always rings true, yet in the most painful moments, because we know atomic number 2 ' s be sincere with the subject affair. after fifteen years of traveling the country, listening to all shapes and size of ministers and taking bookish notes on what they said, duvall has capture the energy and vitality of what information technology mean to be truly spiritual. his sonny is a man who address directly to god and await to be spoken right backwards to. " i ' ve always called you jesus and you ' ve forever called pine tree state sonny, " he says. when neighbors call and complain that he is being too loud one night in one his rant with the man upstairs, sonny boy ' s female parent (june carter cash) just hangs up on them because she know there ' s no sense try out to interrupt him. the main topic to emerge from " the apostle " equal the fact that good can come from any position. sonny ' s turn of violence toward another human being is inarguably a frightening matter, and duvall never head shrinker from that fact. however, that very same act of ferocity is what lend sonny to bayou boutte, where atomic number 2 encounter people whom he desperately needs and who desperately call for him. in his short fourth dimension in louisiana, he arrange a reality of good, and when the police in the end show upwards to take him away, he goes softly, knowing that he deserves the penalization that is awaiting him. and, as a scene during the net credits display, helium even turns his penalization into a positive chance for change and betterment. it be that strength in sonny ' s character reference that makes him hence appeal and magnetic to others - he equal flawed, but he equal powerful enough to overcome those flaw. weak men are the one world health organization simply accept their weaknesses and miss the desire to full themselves. watching duvall on - screen, information technology ' s non concentrated to think that he would have been a glorious preacher if he had choose that vocation over acting. as lad, he entirely inhabit the character, and his performance exist certainly the full of the twelvemonth. because helium spent so much meter absorbing the traits, method acting, quirks, and personalities of real preachers, duvall personify capable to create a arrant character world health organization always feel indelibly human. as a director, duvall flavor that less be more. his camera simply takes in what goes on in front of it, with very minuscule invasion. there be no fancy crane shots or extended dollies or overweening cheeseparing - ups. duvall hump that the power of the film ' s characters (heighten by the fact that he cast mostly non - professional churchgoers and genuine parson) didn ' mt need to be by artificial means enhanced. in this way, " the apostelic father " almost plays out like a documentary, non only if in it technical simplicity, but more significantly, in information technology sense of realness. 