devotees of robert a. robert a. heinlein, cost forewarned: paul verhoeven ' s starship troopers is less an adaptation of heinlein ' atomic number 16 novel than it is a literary satire. the generator ' sulfur jingo - all - the - way militarism and his tendency to make plastic role with pliant conflicts have maine expecting a soulless, faceless parade of carnage from the film version. and i suppose that ' s exactly what verhoeven delivers, with sometimes hilarious outcome. heinlein ' s basic motifs are so faithfully show that their flaw become a source of amusement, while their strength become the clobber of high pitched - energy entertainment. sketch the game of starship troopers be a fair goofy endeavor, since it ' s essentially a big bug hunt. .. aliens in broad daylight. sometime in the time to come, humanity is imperil by hulk, malevolent insect which have evolved into twenty - foot - marvelous action figures (arachnoid with super - impaling spikes, beetles that spew forth river lava, dragonflies with guillotine stage ). among those world health organization sign on to economize the earth are a group of high school classmates from buenos aires: conflicted rich kid johnny rico (casper van dien ); his math whiz girlfriend carmen (denise richards ); dizzy (dina meyer ), who secretly carries a torch for johnny; and carl (neil patrick " doogie howser " bomber harris ), who non - so - secretly carry a torch for dizzy, and also has a talent for speaking telepathically to ferret. while carmen heads for flight of stairs school and carl joins military news, johnny and empty headed become mobile foot, their assorted battles intertwining with romantic sub - plot out of a third season episode from " beverly hills 90210. " so if starship trooper is another movie where one - dimensional characters wade through banal situations on their room to killing a clustering of unknown, what makes it any better than, say, independence day, a movie where ane - dimensional characters waded through banal position on their way to killing a bunch of slightly different aliens? for peerless thing, you sense that the movie - makers are aware of the flesh trumpery they take as source material. the very absence of major superstar in the cast of characters tactile property thematically appropriate, not just in fiscal matters prudent. if starship troopers had been turned into a tv - motion picture, henry louis aaron spelling would have produced information technology. it ' s a story which requires emoting, not move; it ' s a prize time soap opera house with braggart gun, played for wholly the dopey melodrama it ' s worth. the no - public figure cast also toy into verhoeven ' s discussion of heinlein ' s about controversial conceit. in this society, we get word, one and only sack but be a replete citizen after completing some sort of federal service, military for most. verhoeven pays the notion plentifulness of lip service, then move to spit it with brilliant mock recruitment ads (distinguish after the domain war ii - era " why we fight " series) in which youngsters personify indoctrinated into the joys of firearms, or the pleasures of stamp cockroaches. these quality truly are just now " fresh meat for the grinder, " as one character put it, which makes their lack of familiarity totally the to a greater extent fitting. information technology ' s not that spaceship trooper be anti - military, because it never treats the true horror of war as anything just a not bad big, wild video game. in fact, the characters are live the propaganda (peculiarly johnny, who receive and then many field furtherance atomic number 2 whitethorn non remember his own rank by the clip the plastic film ends ). verhoeven is in reality having it both ways - - atomic number 2 ' s make playfulness of gung - ho boosterism even as atomic number 2 fires his fresh - faced military recruit into battle on a gung - ho takeoff booster rocket of visual effect. if that make spaceship troopers hypocritical, at least it ' s sky high staged lip service. there whitethorn not be a person worth deal about in the whole film, but information technology incite like nonentity ' s line of work. verhoeven stages some thrilling action mechanism sequences, sending swarms of hemipterous insect after the anon. oink then having versatile organic structure parts strewn astir the screen same landscaping. it comprise that uncommon especial effects blockbuster which demonstrates a sense of pacing to match its budget; i was catch up in the action sufficiency of the time that one wasn ' t perpetually groaning over the absence of real human beings. i wish atomic number 53 could find information technology in myself to mould upward more indignation over the callous way humans are dispatched in starship troopers, but information technology didn ' t work knocked out that way. that would be punishing verhoeven for start out to the pith of his material. 