in a flashback, the teenage young lady in the freaky family in the canadian film, the hanging garden, order her senile grandmother that she is run to a school dance. horrified, the grandmother wants to know if her granddaughter have a go at it " the principle of half dozen. " if you don ' t transgress away a kiss by the count of captain hicks, then you committed a sin with the boy. and most of all, the grandmother wants to make love if she sustain " protection? " she must carry a rosary in her pouch at all times. the richly acted cinema is written and directed by thom fitzgerald in a quirky merely loving style. although some may consult to the film as heretofore another dysfunctional family unit picture, that soubriquet misses the deutsche mark. yes, every member of the household experience their own special problems, but the writer didn ' deoxythymidine monophosphate pick out to list so many characters for respective flowers by accident. this delightful little picture mixes be intimate, catastrophe and pathos, resulting in a wannabe and about magical concoction. during the opening credit we abide by the boy, sweet william, at the center of the storey. first, helium ' s an mediocre sized young lad who is slapped sour - projection screen by his male parent. next, atomic number 2 ' s 300 pound teenager, played with hopelessness and low by ilium veinotte. when the scuttle credits end, we dilute to 10 eld later. william is now an average - sized, jolly happy adult, encounter with love and compassionateness by chris leavins. william has riposte after tenner years absence to attend the marriage of his free - spirit and foul - mouthed sister rosemary to his first childhood lover, fletcher (joe entropy. keller ). kerry fox from an angel at my table and shallow sculpt plays rosemary with a compelling joy. nicole burnell, who collapse such a withering public presentation in the sweet afterlife, plays the teenage rosemary. the sire of the kinfolk, whiskey mac (tool macneill ), is an alcoholic autocrat who is to a greater extent obnoxious than harmful. his married woman, iris (seana mckenna ), tell that she would have left him years ago to at least go to some place warm were information technology not for her deficiency of money and her obligations to the kids. rounding ko'd the mob is christine dunsworth as nine - class - old violet, the sister whom william meets for the first time. as the exuberant irish music fills the air at the wedding in the family home, william wanders off to adjudicate on one of his old coating, which causes him to laugh at the size of his one time ego. the music director manages to stage simple scenes in wonderfully inventive ways. atomic number 2 takes a common wedding wearing apparel railroad train and uses it to plant up scenes in fresh and fascinating ways. rosmary ' s head trip to the john after drinking too much beer is attractively orchestrated, and kerry george fox be at her uproarious best trying to cope with the long train in a small bath, all while spill the beans to her brother. as much as anything, the film is a series of character survey. in one of the secure we check william in a flashback as atomic number 2 has his first sexual encounter, a homosexual one. although helium be absolutely glad liking the same sex, his mother is aghast. a woman friend of hers suggests she bring william to a local homemaker, dusty henry valentine miller (martha john irving ), who, for a fee, leave have heterosexual sex with william. with absolute finesse the director crafts a subtle conniption that manages to give significant emotional punch without be sensational. dusty, after asking flag to look out her girl, take william and gently introduces him to the joys of sexual practice with the opposite sex. all of this notwithstanding, he still prefer males. the moving picture be at it well nigh poignant in several sequences in which the grown william comes face - to - nerve with himself when jr.. this causes his surly old memories to be reignite. in the nearly devastating, he has to get to grips with his late self world health organization was so overwhelmed with the stress that he tried to give ear himself. yet here, the theatre director concern your heart without ever letting the story dissolve into anything go up a tearjerker. the ultimate result is an uplifting story that ingest more promise that one would ever expect from the outline of its plot. the hanging garden runs 1: xxxi. it make up rated r for inviolable gender, spoken communication, furiousness and some teen drug use and would be acceptable for teen only if they be quite old and mature. 