the possibility crawl tells us that the galaxy is in turmoil concluded the taxation of trade routes, and the greedy business deal federation has habituate information technology ' s armada of herculean space battleships to embarrass the planet naboo. we soon determine that the confederation plans to invade the planet with an enormous us army of warrior robots and force naboo ' s swayer, the young queen amidala (natalie portman) to sign a treaty pay the confederacy control. however, the astronomical republic has sent jedi horse qui - gon djinni (liam neeson) and obi - wan kenobi (ewan mcgregor) as emissaries to the federation in order to negotiate for the ending of the encirclement. no sooner do they arrive than the confederacy leaders are instructed via holographical contagion by a inscrutable mantled figure to destroy the jedi, and the first struggle begins. it look that for me and thousands of masses like me, the erotic love for george ii lucas ' s trilogy of mavin wars movies has just grown over time. we ' re the devotee, non the monster. we make headway ' t croak habilitate up like darth vader (although you have to admit those imperial uniforms are pretty darn cool ), and we won ' t incorporate lines from the playscript in our everyday conversations (non all the time, anyway ), but if someone wants to challenge us to a little trivia contest, we ' re throwing down. all right, stop looking at pine tree state similar that. we have been faithfully and patiently wait. waiting for this movie ever since the end reference of counter of the jedi started to roam. you experience, the trilogy is not merely a set of movies, simply a organized religion of sorts to we, the close disciple, and the phantom menace is tantamount to the 2nd coming of the messiah. unfortunately, it is non our savior. for weeks beforehand, iodine was going around telling people that this movie had good equal damned upright - stupendously good - miraculously good. anything less and it ' ll be the biggest disappointment of the 100. 1 didn ' t desire the doomsaying prophecy to come true, in truth one didn ' t, but this film nevertheless fail to arrive at the pinnacles of filmmaking. character development be virtually nonexistent. with the possible exception of qui - gon, most of the flick ' s characters appear left with nothing to do but live on through the motions. none seem very involve by their experience, and few even prove any passion at all. contrast this with the horribly get to comic relief we are nearly continuously subjected to in the form of shock jolt binks, a creature belonging to a race which hold out in submersed city on naboo, in precarious symbiosis with the estate dwellers led by amidala. jar jar ' s life time is saved by qui - gon early on in the flick, and travels with our sub for the lonesome reason of making uranium laugh (or supposedly then ). his speech mannerisms are so " cute - ified " that i couldn ' t understand a tierce of what he be saying, and the slapstick helium perform was only distracting. his head gets capture in an electronic battlefield, his foot gets catch in the stapes of some large beast, atomic number 2 describes being in trouble as " recondite doo doo, " and even manages to step in some of the same while walk around in mos eisley spaceport. therein lies a cardinal difference of opinion between this film and one of information technology predecessors. in star war, we make obi - wan telling atomic number 92 mos eisley exist a " wretched hive of trash and villainy. " in the fantasm menace, we sire doo doo. the flick of the trilogy take me aside from my everyday life and immersed me in a story " a prospicient time ago in a galaxy far, far aside. .. . " this film, on the early handwriting, constantly reminds me that it ' s only a movie by including berth and phrase that represent so uniquely modern american that they look incredibly prohibited of place and serve to jerk the viewer from the experience. perhaps the most strident offense come about during a scene where young anakin skywalker enters into a pod racing competition (information technology ' s kind of comparable chariot racing with large engines instead of horses ), and at that place constitute a couple of commentators in a press corner delivering indy 500 - like play by play. i care the pod race; it was really exciting and ratcheted the tension, just when the heck come lucas consider up the idea of put in the sportscasters? the race would have been even more exciting without the distraction. this aspect, coupled with the emphasis on humor simply dumbfound pine tree state. i suppose unmatchable may say that lucas represent trying to appeal to the younger viewer, simply would more reasoning scenes and dialogue hurt this appeal at all? didn ' t millions of youngsters still croak back to catch the original genius wars in 1977 over and over once more? didn ' t the natural process figures still sell alike flannel cake? of course they did, and it ' s only poor judgement that permit the almost - eagerly awaited film in history to equal marred by pandering to children world health organization would nonetheless have enjoyed a film with more ingathering for adult. one aspect that will invoke broadly speaking, however, is the use of goods and services of particular effects. the the great unwashed at lucas ' s industrial light source and conjuring trick, the world ' s premiere effect house, outdid themselves in leave unseamed integration of computer - mother images and veridical - life footage. some of the scene own to be assure to be consider, especially the shot of a edwin herbert land battle between the federation ' s robot army and jar shock ' s countrymen. the space conflict be besides impressive, although improved over retiring efforts by only subtle gross profit to the chance observer. this, still, is a testament to the work which ilm bring out two decades ago and still holds up comfortably today. st. john tennessee williams is back, of course, providing a grievance for the film as only he can. his music be pervasive throughout, as rousing and every bit spectacular as ever, always serve to emphasize scenes noticeably and appropriately. since this film is supposed to exist the first installment in a nine - episode story (star wars, the conglomerate strikes back and return of the jedi being instalment four, five and sextuplet, respectively ), the phantasm menace has the daunting task of setting upward the origination of several character we know already, in addition to those with whom we unfamiliar. as a resultant role, attention to history and characterization was spread a little thin. it would have been decent to get more in depth with yoda and obi - wan, for example, but given the fact that in that respect were several new characters to deal, it is understandable that some of the development has been leave behind for the next 2 films. one of the new characters is darth sledgehammer, herald as the new villain with every bit much hype as marketing force could muster prior to this moving picture ' s release. in spitefulness of the ballyhoo, darth maul is a quality which almost didn ' t have to be in the picture show, his role be and then insignificant. atomic number 2 has maybe three spoken lines (consider it surgery non, a 2d actor voice the character) and the rest of the prison term scarcely scowls and looks mean value. with that working against him, he ne'er have a chance at being interesting and instead terminate upwardly an unadulterated disappointment. lucas seems to have want to develop the spiritual nature of the star wars universe, something which has been big throughout. however, he does so largely by paralleling the genius state of war spirituality with the bible, offering an well heeled proscribed for story - writing and erst over again bringing the spectator back to planet terra firma with a real - life connection. curiously, while attempt to capitalize on spiritualism, george lucas at the like time introduces the fact that mastery of the force be dependent upon having little force - loving parasites in your body ' s cells. this only serves to de - get the working of the military group a few snick by offer a scientific connection. don ' t let maine mislead you too far. the phantom threat, by most standards, is a undecomposed film. it arrest a lot of visual treats, sets the stage for an epic narrative, give uranium a bit of excitement here and there, and even allows u to revisit some of our erstwhile friend. it ' s simply that when prevail upwardly to it ' s predecessors (and to non do so would be unrealistic ), this photographic film simply picket. 