theatre director jan de bont certainly knows how to progress to top caliber action films. you need look no farther than give out heavy (helium was music director of photography ), speed and last years twister for examples of his hi - octane, sharpness of your bottom thrill artistry. speed 2 follow no exception. this fourth dimension, the action take place on a vast cruise liner, on which sandra steer and jason st. patrick are trying to develop their relationship. yep, that ' s right, no keanu reeves this prison term, simply fear not, jason st. patrick is more than upwards to the job. speaking of which, the job at helping hand is to stop entirely bonkers terrorist, willem dafoe, from crash the line drive into a huge island, after stealing a diamond collection. the reason for this act of destruction be revenge. after long time of working for the company that builds sail liner computers, he contract bridge copper poisoning and is retired. naturally, what entails future is a spate of fly the coop / jumping about and general gamey lineament action as jason patrick does his degree best to save the day. thinking back on this film, you stern ' t assist, but look up to it ' s social structure. the way, willem dafoe originate his plan and throws red herring to the crew and passenger. the backwash against time to write the liner from crash, and of course, the finale salmon portland chase scence. ( although this is ruined by an terminated the top, 1 too many stunt and explosion. ) simple in construction, in effect in information technology ' s instruction execution, and the result, a clear cut and concise, extremely enjoyable action photographic film. the acting be adequate, although it ' s darned obvious that sandra bullock is only in it to create a ' hot totty ' appeal to the men (and she make that perfectly! ), jason patrick fills the action at law hero persona superbly and willem dafoe be just great as the crazed terrorist. overall, speed 2 is a about gratifying thrill ride. not up to information technology ' s predecessor ' s gamy calibre simply rattling good entirely the same. there embody plenty going on, some of the thrill be quite tense and information technology too proves that you do not need blood and guts to make a good action movie. 