" desperate mensuration " was something iodine represent rouse about seeing back when it was originally schedule to cost released: summer ' 97. for some cause, information technology was check until hollywood ' s traditional dumping ground: january. now that it ' s away, i see no material rationality for that postponement, as it ' s a simple so far extremely entertaining film. michael keaton stars as a maniacial murderer world health organization ' s bone bone marrow butt save the life time of the die son of a san francisco police police detective (garcia ). buster keaton agrees to the transplant, only thence he can attempt safety valve. he succeeds, in a plan that of course could entirely forge in the movies. the police force out is now trying to pour down joseph francis keaton, while garcia is working against them test to keep buster keaton alive in order to save his logos. the movie definately get it ' s flaws. the patch be strictly tv movie of the workweek fare, just the performing and direction certainly advance it far above that status. also, after keaton ' s leak, garcia ' s police chief barks at him " how many men get to die to save your child ' s life? " which the film treats as such an evil and peanut remark. the affair follow, it ' s a vaild point. how many citizenry throw to exist needlessly crippled, cut, and killed just to save this one child? what ' s the great goodness here? many lives surgery one life? if pic really throw guts nowadays, one would have fuck to have seen this movie descend downwards to a final choice for garcia ' s graphic symbol. home him in a situation where he knows that he have got to kill keaton because keaton is astir to kill someone else. ala, movies these day generally have no such ambition to draw out the audience ' s strings in ways which might pass water the uncomfortable. despite a few silly moments (and one or 2 really stupid one ), the good matter astir " despairing measures " outnumber the big. the chief high spot would personify keaton ' s performance. the character could have easy been an hamming, scene chew monstrosity, simply keaton underplays it nicely. helium ' s not as menacing as he was in " peaceable heights " or even every bit menacing as helium was in " batman " (yes kidskin, batman used to be a benighted character ), but you certainly flummox the approximation that helium ' s evil. even the final aspect of the motion picture, which commonly i would just hate, seems strangely appropriate for this film. so much so that i didn ' t mind information technology in the slightest. and another fillip: the film takes place in san francisco, which unremarkably means a auto chase on those hills that you ' ve seen a trillion times before. and for a moment, it looked as though information technology was about to happen. but it doesn ' t, and that ' s creative. [ roentgen ] 