towards the eye of " the sweet time to come, " a crowded school motorcoach brake shoe on an icy road surface as it rounds a bend, careens through the blade guard rail, and disappears out of sight. so, in long shot, we see the fomite slowly sliding across what looks similar a snow - covered field. information technology pauses for a moment before the " field " cracks nether the bus ' system of weights and the undimmed yellow vehicle vanishes in an effortless moment, a single smooth second of meter. compare that view, if you will, to the last eighty minutes of " titanic, " when the behemoth drop slowly and spectacularly to its watery dying, and you ' ll treasure the futility of comparing sizeableness in films. the scene in " the sweet future " typify all that ' s right hand with independent canadian music director atom egoyan ' s film. it ' s not sensory. we don ' t see the interior of the bus with its payload of screaming, terrorise children being bloody and batter about. the bus doesn ' t explode beaver state break into a thousand petite piece. it simply leaves the route and wordlessly slips beneath the surface of a rooted lake. it ' s a horrifying sequence made all the to a greater extent so by composure and distance. use a non - linear approach to his narrative, egoyan shifts back and frontward in fourth dimension, connecting u with the inhabitants of the small scale british columbian town who have be severely affected by this tragedy. xiv fry died in the accident, leaving their parents and the townspeople itself paralyzed with grief. the catalyst at the inwardness of the film is ambulance chaser mitchell stephen (a wondrously go performance by ian holm ), who arrive to sam dent to sway the town to engage in a class action courtship. stephens, world health organization " doesn ' t believe in accident, " office as a implicated, involved observer, scribbling details in his notebook and providing the parents with an chance to reach out some kind of closure in the harrowing consequence. while sir leslie stephen ' initial drive may personify fiscal (ace third of the total settlement if atomic number 2 wins ), his involvement provides him more with an outlet to come to hairgrip with his own loss. his self - destructive, drug - addicted daughter has been in and extinct of clinic, halfway houses and detox whole for years. egoyan ' s aid to detail and ability to prove mood be hence impeccable that even the sound of a kettle boiling resonates like a mournful cry. mychael danna, world health organization composed the shimmering music for " the internal combustion engine storm, " contributes another memorable score that tingle and tingles. equally impressive equal paul sarossy ' randomness filming, capturing the impose canadian mountainsides and scurvy - hanging fogginess as splendidly as his shadowy interiors - - in one scene a bright wall calendar serves to straighten out portions of a room. " the sweet hereafter, " while undeniably grim, urges the looker to grab onto spirit with both hand and non let run low. information technology ' s a film of generous refinement and emotion. 