a common complaint amongst flick critics is " wherefore aren ' t on that point more literate scripts available? " quiz display gives signs of hope that the art of write international relations and security network ' t deadened in hollywood and that we involve not only look to independent films for thoughtful message. paul attanasio ' s script takes what could have been a tepid thriller (the quiz show scandals of the late 50s) and delivers a telling parable about the emptiness of the emily post war american dream and the golden bubble that surrounds and protect telecasting networks and their sponsors. the film is riddled with tell symbols (eastward. g. a ' fifty eight chrysler, a radio announcement of sputnik) but follow never heavy hand. deft direction by robert charles robert redford and keen performances by ralph fiennes, john turturro and rob morrow dovetail perfectly with the carefully perfect script. robert redford departs from the usually overlight, " cable television receiver quality " sets and photographic camera work thusly coarse in late twentieth century period pieces. quiz show perfectly trance the colors and textures of the eisenhower old age. although iodin was only 4 eld old when the " twenty one " malicious gossip broke, enough of the l icons survived throughout my childhood for maine to recognize the authenticity of charles robert redford ' s almost palpable palette. from plastic covered article of furniture to cautiously coifed contestants, the images environ true from that era of rampant consumerism, of a generation that had gone through fifteen years of depression and existence war without " disposable income, " before the manifestation of its american dreaming. the film deftly weaves several themes together, from assimilation and exclusion of jews from " the in effect lifespan, " to the lengths that a scion of a literary kinfolk will decease to to pair his father ' s celebrity. though the 50s audience that is " rocked " by this dirt may initially seem naive to us, they should come along all too familiar, with our current interior passion for the rise and surrender of icons similar michael jackson or tonya warren gamaliel harding. carolus van doren and herbie stemple were the overnight mega celebrities of their twenty four hour period. the video audience is well nigh a fourth main quality, forever at the center of the conclusion being create on their behalf. at the flick ' s remnant, the credit entry undulate past slow motion footage of that same 50s tv audience, mindlessly laughing at some small arm of fluff. same the distorted mirror that captured a clouded hakenkreuz at the death of cabaret, this " mirror " crataegus oxycantha reflect an image we ' re not all that comfortable with. 