1 remember hearing astir this film when it first appeared at cannes all over a class ago, pick upwardly the grand jury prize at the festival. ' holocaust comedy receives standing standing ovation ', the newspaper headline read. scheme by this command, iodin looked upwardly information on the film and found that, sure enough, life be beautiful be in fact a comedy astir the greatest atrocity of the last thousand years. even though the picture show cost extremely well - received by critics and public alike, i couldn ' t help just be gross out at this notion; human tragedy be non something i look should personify celebrated. but now do i see the fault of my ways. after finally viewing the film for myself after avoiding it for some prison term, it became unclouded that information technology is not, as the headlines glorify, a " holocaust drollery "; on the contrary, life is beautiful does not even really show the graphic events that took place in national socialist deathcamps. preferably, it focuses on the kinship between a father and his son, who he is judge desperately to shield from the horror of their position. roberto benigni (who also write and directed the movie) stars as guido orefice, a chaplin - inspired buffoon and all round jolly guy who, as the film opens, embody contend for the affections of an attractive school teacher (nicoletta braschi, benigni actual life spouse ). through the class of the first hour or thus, we construe guido striving to become the aid of this " beautiful princess ", as he calls her. utilize the magic of laughter, the italian comedian wins her heart and together, they bring up a untested son key giosue (child actor giorgio cantarini ). life treats them easily until hitler ' s minions ascension to power, and the family comprise whisked forth to a german camp, where guido becomes convert that he must upholds his son ' s purity no matter what the forfeiture. granted, it contains some hilariously funny moments both in and extinct of the tightness camp, but it do not pull a " hogan ' s hero " and make lighting of the slaughtering of some six zillion barren jews. somehow, it achieves mirth without disrespecting information technology ' s gravely serious bailiwick. so, we ' ve base that aliveness is beautiful is not a " holocaust comedy ". just, there is another complete misrepresentation of this material that rattling disturb me. the celluloid, despite critic ' s declarations of it being a " victory of the human spirit ", constitute no such thing; not in my oculus, anyway. some have call the level an " affirmation of the beauty of life ", simply i say it comprise a very dour and desolate statement about man ' s capacity of denial masquerading as an endear comedy. the film ' s terminate has equal recognise as the most altogether uplifting moment of any moving picture released of late, but i find it to be really discerning and upsetting. essentially, life sentence is beautiful equal quite a perchance the greatest hoax in the history of film. notwithstanding, i am not denying the movie ' s grandness. think me, it ' s grand. i ' meter just saying that single think benigni do something dissimilar than what most citizenry be interpreting it as. but possibly i ' thousand study more into the movie than is really in that location. peradventure the film ' s grandeur relies on the idea that the viewer can interpret the meaning of information technology in any way they find out set. in fact, maybe roberto benigni has made a film that embody the exclusive argument for the quondam locution that you engender out of a movie exactly what you put into information technology. 