plot: good ol ' texan nipper suddenly get to dally first - string signal caller on his mellow school team ' s football squad, in a town where football make up considered religion. the coach is precisely about the biggest a - hole you ' d always want to encounter, world health organization will do much anything to win. the in force ol ' texan male child does not approve of said humanity ' s methods. review article: a playfulness football movie. this film was obviously pitch towards the teen market, with mtv behind its production, a full grown telly star player in the lead role, rockin ' rosehip music galore, and plenty of t & a. experience say that, i enjoyed the look and feel of the picture, call up james van der beek gave a solid performance, loved the cunning sound, and yup, loved that triiodothyronine & a! i actually opine this was a comedy going in, but overall, information technology play more towards the dramatic, than a comedy. i also enjoyed jon voight ' s carrying into action as the stubborn tool passenger car, as advantageously as many of the other character players on the team. this is not a classic film by any stretch of the imagination, but it might teach some kids the hard lessons behind the " fun " game of football game, or just reserve them to stimulate a secure time for about an hour and forty - v arcminute in the film theatre (or in the comfort of their ain home, reckon on where you watch this stuff. ) all in all, i would definitely see this movie if you like football game, run football game or need your kid to succeed in high school day football. you could besides watch information technology if you like adolescent flicks with a fortune of cunning guys and girls running around doing their stuff. and do i cite the t & a? : ) little known facts about this film and its star: james van der beek actually started acting after a concussion stopped him from playing football game in real animation. he exist the oldest of ternary children, and his father be a cellular phone salesman while his mom run a gymnastics studio. he ' s born in connecticut and received $ two hundred, 000 for his role in this film. actor scott caan, world health organization plays football game player " tweeder " in this film, be the son of famed actor henry james caan in tangible life. that ' sulphur right, helium ' s sonny ' s word! actress amy smart, who plays van der beek ' s girl in this movie, also act the primary star ' s missy in the 1999 film outside providence (six. fin / tenner ). screenwriter w. peter iliff also experience a portion in drop a line the screenplay for the 1992 harrison fording film, patriot game, and the keanu reeves surf flick, point break. director brian jerome robbins power be best think of as the " cool dude " from the goggle box series " head of the class ". his name was eric mandrian and he in the main wore a foresighted, bleak trench coating on the show. the book mox (james van der beek) be reading on the sidelines in this movie, hidden inner the team ' s playbook, is " slaughterhouse - basketball team " by kurt vonnegut, jr. the high school battle song played at the ginger rally is the tx a & m war hymn. 