i rented " brokedown palace " last nox blind, having hear nix about it beforehand, and i enjoyed information technology vastly despite some flaws. for anyone wishing to have the same experience i would suggest reserving judgement of the moving picture until viewing information technology in its entirety. that is no easy project. superficially, information technology conduct an unfortunate (and not needfully unintended) resemblance to several other flick, notably " return to paradise " and " midnight express. " as a result nearly every review of " brokedown palace " unity subsequently read became hopelessly mat in make the obvious compare. the import was nigh universal condemnation, which is a shame as this comprise a fine celluloid. for those world health organization have yet to view the movie, let me say that it is not an attempt to limn the nightmarish realism of the third world criminal judge system (as was " midnight express ") nor completely the moral dilemma and examination of the signification of friendly relationship and humanity that equal the heart of " return to paradise. " in my view, if this film be to be compared to any other source information technology would receive to cost joseph joseph conrad ' s acclaimed fresh, " master jim. " problematically, the basic storyline seems more than than familiar: two american teenage girls on vacation are sentenced to spend most of their lives in a thai prison for drug smuggling in an obvious set - upward ask a suave con - man, a shadowy criminal conspiracy and a corrupt third world " justice " organisation. the girls constitute alice (claire danes) and darlene (kate beckinsale ). they ' re life - farsighted buddies world health organization planned a high - shoal graduation slip to hawaii, and then on the qt changed their destination to the to a greater extent exotic thailand without telling their parent. erst at that place, they find a $ 6 hotel and go sight - seeing, which include sneaking into a luxury hotel to sip expensive drinks poolside. they get enamour stress to charge the bill to the wrong room, a minor evildoing which will later total back to haunt them, only they are saved from hotel security by a charming, friendly australian, nick (daniel lapaine ), who takes care of the notice with a to a greater extent polished execution of the missy ' s scam. atomic number 2 then go to separate the missy and make fluid moves, for the first time toward alice, then toward darlene. by now alarm bells be go bad away among viewers. the ever - present snick is too slick and his news report assume ' tonne sum up improving (to u) - - the girls, of course, are too naive to remark. long before information technology happens, we ' re anticipating the inevitable disappearance of the dissolute - talking smuggler and the halt of our teenage sitting - ducks at the airport en route to hong kong catch holding the bag (literally) comprise heroin. just as predictably, the thai police and courts do their part in meting out injustice and our trusting tourists comprise prison - bound for a long stretch. left unanswered is the crimson herring issue of whether matchless or the early of the daughter was a willing accomplice. for those in motivation of a ready answer, mightiness i suggest closer scrutiny of the vanessa bell hop at the girl ' s fleabag hotel. as one door after another to their well off former lifetime be closed, the girls and their families turn in despair to the noiresque expatriate lawyer / fixer " yankee hank " (bill pullam) and his thai - born partner - wife. a recurring element of the movie be the tension between show and reality as express in one of the film ' s tag lines, " who do you trust? , " and hank be no exception although seasoned movie - goers and those familiar with pullman car ' s oeuvre will retrieve few surprises. very much of the residual of the movie is a smorgasbord of intriguing themes incompletely explored in short - mitt fashion. lou baseball diamond phillips, for instance, plays a delightfully sinister and callous dea agent who, while come out to comprise casually accommodating to hank, withholds vital information at essential moments. is he section of a wider conspiracy? with an inherently powerful, if somewhat shopworn premise, the celluloid offers by parts a riveting courtroom dramatic play, a prison house story, and a likely theatrical role study of american teens, their human relationship, and what make up friendship between them. the result is reasonably engaging and cliff hanging, with the girl ' fundamental interaction, hank ' s investigation, and the various trial run and auditory sense, offering hope for their release, delivering tenseness - - as does the foredoomed possibility of their escape. if " brokedown castle " has a major flaw, it be its creators ' tendency, like time - forced tourer, to take frequent side of meat trips down catch alleys exclusively to reverse direction one half - fashion down and return to the story ' s main avenue. and, if that were all there make up to " brokedown palace, " it wouldn ' t represent a really skillful picture. but i trust the writer and director were after bigger game and, in this, they succeeded. for the main theme of the movie, like the proffered name of information technology location, be freedom - - in all its transposition. ultimately, the early sub - themes may be moot window dressing. unseasoned and pretty, alice (danes) be an old soul; a groundless, with it teenager with a thirst for freedom and adventure. presented as a staring blend of yin and yang, dark and light, is her conservative best admirer, darlene (beckinsale ). clear - eyed and straightforward, alice is more complex than her protagonist. she comes from a poorer background, have a repute for getting into trouble and has lose the trustingness of everyone (include her own beginner ). whereas darlene ' s life is " on - path, " aim at college, marriage, kids, a career, a suburban home, center age and " fulfilment, " alice ' entropy is unsealed, unfocused, and hungriness. one affecting setting in the film demo darlene shouting across an open fosse to visitors - - friends and relatives from home, whose lives preserve while hers is in limbo. tellingly, alice be present but not include. just as revealing of their dissimilar personalities, when alice and dar first come to thailand, the openness and delight on alice ' s face doesn ' t read as simple naivet? ; the way she stands up and stretch as she and her friend ride along in a small boat, reaching toward the sun, she really live drinking in what she believes to be freedom, while " dar " remains seated in the shade. " brokedown palace " start with an admission by alice of her guilt in a tape recording transport to hank. nevertheless unintentional, information technology ' s all alice ' s fault. she ' s responsible for for persuading her friend to rest to her parent, to sneak aside from the safety of hawaii to the perils of thailand, to try the petty larceny cozenage which places them in the clutches of the evil ding. ( in case one miss this point in the inevitable confusion of a picture show ' sulfur beginning, darlene accommodatingly reminds alice of her blameworthiness in prison. ) dar, of course, is the uncoerced dupe which, in her view, confers sinlessness. never nous that information technology was her compulsion of a loath alice to go with her to hong kong which placed them in police custody in the first place or that her naive confession sealed their fate. dar be innocent. information technology doesn ' t matter. alice is the subject of this pic. she and her journey toward personal exemption. along the style we are regale to an unsympathetic portrayal of the shallow american refinement which created these girls with their half - baked sensibilities and mercenary goals. in the end, that culture, like its representatives, " yankee " hank and dar ' sulfur father (a " piece world health organization know how to grease the wheels " ), proves as impotent as its government in the face of the girl ' s calamity. siam ' s culture, perverse to most belief, comes off much better by comparison. it nonplus me that reviewers argue this point at both extremes. i trust the filmmaker ' s view follow that tai acculturation is vastly different from the american but non needs inferior. the thai (with the lonesome exceptions of a corrupt functionary and a vindictive prison spy) were uniformly consistent in their behavior and truthful to their principle. the girls comprise evidence to make up treated no better but certainly no worse than the aboriginal - born. their prison house (in stark dividing line to the probable realism) was no hell on earth, being comparatively clean and sunlit. the prison house federal agency demanded good hygiene, provided aesculapian care when needed, and " hard manual labor " lie of find fault eatage! the thai guards embody authoritarian (what else?) but surely non routinely sadistic. as for the thai justice system, the reasoning of the central thai judges, during both an appeal hearing and in the film ' s penultima picture was devastating in its system of logic and ethical motive. ' freedom ' take many faces and " brokedown palace " explore many of them. in the extremum, we have freedom of the body and freedom of the spirit. some settee for the former exclusively while others remain imprisoned with an entire nation to roam without the latter. but freedom rarely comes without a toll. which is wherefore the movie ' south former tag lines be: " what make up your dream? " and " how far would you go? " i believe one could cause a full subject for the version that the individual who attains exemption, incarcerated or non, by film ' s end is alice. she regain redemption and redemption through the acceptance of personal responsibility. i call back the lightness bathing only her pattern among the assembled prisoner in the final scene visually signals that fact. kate beckinsale ' s character might to a greater extent properly equal compare to the " release " temple bird referred to twice during the celluloid, " trained to fly back to it cage. " as the thai magistrate observed in the pic ' s climactic scene, the emergence be always one of " character reference; " and the jamaican captive made information technology clean that " exemption " is achieved within oneself. if one think backward over the movie, which character was transformed by their experience? increasingly, the movie theatre landscape seems to have go cluttered with endless permutation of ' kung fu woman ' - - female character virtually identical from male action figures. hither, at last, is the story of a modern heroine. in reading the many exploiter ' s comments, ace was struck by what look an unusual phenomenon: whether beaver state not a mortal like the movie, almost everyone praised the actors. think astir that. when was the last clock time you came off from a gesture picture maybe hating it, but rave about all the performances in it? perform yourself a favor: rent " brokedown palace " and watch information technology with a open brain. on that point ' s more there than fulfill the eye. 