i feel no hesitation in saying that " there ' mho something about mary " be the best film that i bequeath get word all year. from the minute the credits go to roll at the final stage of the ikon, there be no doubt in my mind that i had seen a masterpiece that will remain unsurpassed in the remaining months of 1998. it is that effective of a film. when gene siskel read this about " fargo " simply a few months into ' 96, i dismissed the whim as laughable. how could you possibly know that a film represent then capital that nothing you could possibly see in the future tense could beat it? but after seeing the farrelly ' s hilarious and amazingly heartfelt masterwork, i now get it on what siskel be talking about. at one time in a (very great) while, a film comes along that equal so daring, so brilliant and merely so pleasurable that at the end, you just want to stand up and sunniness. and you be intimate, at that instant, that you feature just experienced something very special. now for the shocker; " mary " is the grossest and nearly disgusting film i have ever view (" pink flamingos " plain notwithstanding ). the movie is so uncivil and, i shot, inappropriate in nature that i had a hard clip sitting in a theater ascertain information technology with my parents (luckily i experience pick up it before them, so i could discourage the about what they were in for ). forget " blazing saddle ", " animal theater " and even the former big businessman of gross - out comedy, " monty python ' s import of life "; they be all only prelude to the farrelly ' s violation on the senses. in fact, this may yet make up the funniest film i ' ve ever had the pleasure of seeing (the only real contender is " monty python and the holy sangraal " ), and most for certain the most hilarious to fall kayoed all decade. but as mirthful as information technology is, something besides has to equal said astir the overall sweetness of " mary "; information technology has a huge heart. you see, the farrelly ' south are truly gifted filmmaker. they get into ' t just present you with a string of shaft and wind jokes (although there be plenty to go around ). they also, really sagely, add an unbelievable amount of charisma to the chief characters and actually have them develop as the account progresses. it ' s good story, though. if you just look at an outline of the story, it seems form of artificial and predictable. but trust me, it is anything but. ben stiller plays ted, a very diffident and clumsy teenage geek world health organization lusts after the school infant, mary (cameron dias ). after helium sticks up for her retarded buddy, warren (w. early on brown - the cameraman, think it or non, from " scream " ), his dreams come dead on target when she invites him to the prom. in one of the pic ' sulfur funniest scenes, something goes wrong (i gain ground ' triiodothyronine ruin it for those world health organization know nothing astir the plastic film) and ted is ineffectual to confront mary ever again. jump to the present. after year of self - loathing, ted finally hires private detective pat healy (a befittingly slimy lustrelessness dillon) to track her down therefore he can have i concluding chance at winning the char he have loved since gamy schooltime. healy finds that the virgin be still a full - muck up hottie and decides to try and keep her for himself. admittingly, the introductory story melodic line leave a little to be desired. after all, with a non - in truth - all - that - funny premise, how tush you corroborate laughter for nearly two hours? somehow, the farrelly ' s pull information technology off. the performances hither be also right on target. as ted, stiller adds just the good amount of clumsy spell to realise his character not irritating, as helium would ordinarily comprise, but very lovable. and cameron bartholomeu diaz is perfect in her character for obvious reasons, but the actor world health organization really grab your attention is w. earl brown as mary ' s crony. no other actor has yet come close to playing a mentally retarded man with every bit much innate ease as chocolate brown displays hither. i know he won ' t be nominated, but this cost the cat world health organization should not be counted come out of the closet when it comes prison term to hired hand out the oscar nod in february. equally good as the role player are, though, it ' s the conductor ' flick all the fashion. i guaranty that on almost every other top tenner list at the end of the year, you will see the number one outer space occupied by steven spielberg ' due south wwii epic " save private ryan ". and yes, that is a great film worthy of the realization it induce represent getting. merely which be hard; making a great state of war moving picture or having your audience laugh so unvoiced that they can ' t breath for minutes at a time? single ' ll army of the pure you decide that one for yourself, but this critic is stand by to his guns. thither is just something about " mary ". 