gordon fleming (peter mullan) be in a bind. he has a new, unexpected infant and his business, hazardous material remotion, be in danger of get going nether. when he and his work party draw a job opportunity at the foresightful - abandoned danvers body politic hospital, he underbids the contender to secure the declaration and promises to get the triad - week caper done in one. information technology bequeath prove to be a fatal week for them all in " session 9. " gordo gets the job to remove asbestos and other hazardous fabric from the spooky old genial hospital in preparation for relocate town offices at that place. their guided tour of the facility by a local functionary, bill giggs (paul guilfoyle ), bring them through some of the creepier parts of the one time asylum. merely, a task be a line and, if they finish in a week, as promised, there is a $ 10000 bonus in store. as they get downward to their work, things, normal and non so normal, begin to happen. gordon hears a disembodied vocalism beckoning him. phil (david caruso) is contravene work with a guy wire, hank (josh lucas ), who be examine his quondam girlfriend. microphone (co - film writer steven gevedon) has discovered a cache of audiotape and transcripts from former psychiatric sessions (hence, the championship) with inmate mary hobbs, a multi - personality patient with a dark secret. gordo ' s nephew, jeff (brendan sexton iii ), suffers from night phobic neurosis and be afraid to venture into the dark gut of the infirmary. as the agreed upon week draw to an ending, hank mysteriously disappears from the workplace after a nocturnal showdown with someone (something?) in the hospital. stress mount and distrust build among the eternal sleep as they watch their fortune for the bonus start to luxate away. but, on that point is more than, very much more, at stake as the infirmary and its history of insanity weigh on them all. i don ' thyroxine want to give off too much of the story of " school term 9, " so ane ' ll layover on that point. what we have here is a spooky horror picture that uses none of the jump - out - at - you - from - the - dark cheap guessing that take become part and parcel with horror films since the advent of " halloween " and " friday the thirteenth. " on that point personify no guy leaping tabu of the darkness or the shock of suddenly seeing oneself in a strategically placed mirror. with the exception of one shadowy and chilling prototype at unrivalled point spooky interlude in the film, at that place is niggling that you pot get your arms around every bit far as what, specifically, is " fright. " as single watched " session niner " i became cognizant of the subtle things that work up up during the story that make information technology a true repulsion movie. the prominent high - definition video camera work by uta briesewitz (world health organization worked with the director, brad anderson, on his " next stop wonderland ") helps to make up tension with close - ups, fluid camera movement and unmated angles in a way that would make alfred hitchcock proud. music, likewise, is used to intense effect, get together with the camera to make uncomplicated scene frightening, yet horrifying. duo these tech feats with an level headed story that expend element of " the polishing, " " the blair witch labor " and, even " the texas chainsaw massacre " and you make a decent, intriguing horror motion picture. additionally, the brilliant conclusion to scud at danvers state hospital give the plastic film another starring character, the institution itself, which lends yet more chills to the par. playacting is another factor that raises " session niner " above the common schlock presented in recent repugnance hit like " scream, " " i know what you coif last summer " and their sequels. those films took good - looking, though generic, young actors and actress and commit them to utilize to establish up a body count, exchange mayhem for material horror. anderson opted, instead, to use mature, experienced actor corresponding saint peter mullan and jacques louis david caruso to fill his type ' shoes and the difference in casting quality is notable. mullan, in particular, puts an arc on his graphic symbol, gordon, as the tumultuous guy who slow and inexorably falls under the pressures of family, job and, ultimately, danvers state hospital. the rest of the low cast meet the banknote as people, not barely fodder for the havoc. david caruso, as gordo ' s fourth year man and near equal in the line of work, show just how near an actor he is. he construct the jump from tv ' sulphur " nypd aristocratical " to film far too soon and his decisions in the roles he took (i ' ll never forget the terrible " hack ") were less than star making. he tramp his sleeves up and does the task well hither. gevedon, lucas and sexton be more than fodder, too. the sole job with " seance 9 " lay in the uninspired finish. information technology lead on a fairly conventional finale that covers old ground and is a number of a letdown after the terrific (and inspired) construct up. the pleasure is getting there and i like that phil anderson and gevedon had keep up the steam they had so ably built during the mass of the film " session nina from carolina " is an strange feat. it is scary, doesn ' deoxythymidine monophosphate use of goods and services cheap tricks and raises goose bumps with it intelligently render, subtle horror. because of the local interest of danvers, it should act well with the northeast crew. i hope information technology gets the national statistical distribution it merit. i give information technology a b complex +. 