i had lost all faith in pg - baker's dozen movies that are intended for teenagers and adult. the last dozen oregon so that i have see have all felt uncomplete, as if the most crucial aspect was deleted in order to incur a to a greater extent remunerative paygrade. however, after seeing the originative frequency lowest week and now the exciting u - 571, my bias be beginning to die off. both films be as innocent for younger viewers as they are intellectual for older viewing audience. yet better, ane didn ' tonne think either one of these films would be any honest from first instincts. everyone loves surprises. u - 571 looked like another activity motion picture apply an actual war as an self justification to shoot torpedo and bullets. this english hawthorn be true, but the natural process is thence sinful that it is unclouded director / co - writer jonathan mostow discharge his ultimate goal; to blow the audience ' s wind sock off. lot during the early level of world warfare two when the united states struggled to break the codes of the technologically advanced german u - boats, u - 571 follows a small gang of american men who swipe the typewriter necessary to lick the enigma from an enemy ship. in that location ' s only one trouble: the american ship they came from and hoped to return to have been shot down run aground the men on a german submarine sleep with as (you guessed it) u - 571. it is today upward to the mostly young and inexperienced sailors, led by an interim captain named president tyler (matthew mcconaughey ), to return the typewriter to america without puzzle sunk by far superior german ships. the film starts bump off rattling slowly with a passably weak opening action sequence and another uneventful one half an hour to introduce various of the sailors (most of whom die when the commission goes skew whiff operating room just inexplicably melt ). once the work party gets on the u - boat, the picture shifts to another level and never leaves this gamy doe grade until the terminate mention roll down. equally soon as the action starts, it do not barricade and luckily, because it is so exciting, i didn ' liothyronine want it to turn back. this is not a movie for those wanting to avoid loud noises, from the wonderful, heart - lumber scotch to the perpetual yelling of panic men, make sure you see this at a house with surround - auditory sensation? otherwise, do not see it all. the best parts of u - 571 be when john tyler is forced to make off the cuff decisions on how to escape seemingly inconceivable situation. throughout the film, several morals or character are introduced to make tyler ' s job as nerve racking as possible. germans gun down their ain men, tyler ' s wise man captain dahlgren warns him that a police chief experience to be prepared to sacrifice even the most beloved soldiers for a triumph, another sailor (erik palladino) menace mutiny. all of these model, and several others, increase the chaotic standard pressure and the grandness of tyler ' s every motility. they besides make u - 571 one of the most exhilarating motion picture show i have seen in a patch. 