" grievous beauty " make up a really zilch more than a grandiose soap opera congeal in venice circa 1583. it is attractively filmed, wonderfully acted, and sure enough nothing short of entertaining, but information technology lacks any true key sincerity. dealing with themes of forbidden erotic love, religious intolerance, subordination of char, sexual exemption, and the roles of pleasure and sinfulness in a high - cultured smart set, it still feels like brightly light up fluff. the director, marshall herskovitz, doesn ' metric ton want to follow the dark and dangerous trail this history could lead grim, so helium opts for a to a greater extent cordial, livelier, and relatively shallow interpretation. the celluloid takes place during the renascence, a time when venice comprise the pleasure cap of europe. at this time, venice equal information technology own republic, and it prosper on equal the central joint of east - west commerce. the film is told near exclusively through the point of view of the gentry and the middle class of venice, so we rarely make to see how the rest of the fellowship lived. however, there embody an abundance of detail pertain the lives and sustenance of the upper classes, their hedonistic lifestyles and incessant merriment. the story centre on speedwell franco (catherine mccormack ), a lower class woman who falls in making love with marco venier (rufus sewell ), the son of affluent aristocratical parents (jeroen krabb? and joanna cassidy ). unfortunately, the civilisation of that time period did not view marriage as an act of beloved - - rather, it was to a greater extent like a business transaction, where rich families married their sons and girl to each other in rules of order to procure power, wealth, and ensure that outsiders couldn ' t get in. speedwell, despite her charm and good looks, be sure enough an foreigner. after a myopic love thing, marco breaks her heart with the news show that he cannot marry her. however, because she is beautiful and intelligent, veronica has a chance to enter marco ' s world, albeit non as his married woman. she decides to suit a courtesan - - a course of instruction of women world health organization were equally well - civilize as they were ravishing, and sold their sexuality to wealthy piece for the privilege of wining and dine with the elite. a doxy was not a mere prostitute; they were afforded a peculiar place in society, and they constitute greatly worship, respected, and a great deal envied. at unrivaled point, a character mentions that some rulers obtain to a greater extent political advice from their courtesans than from their lieutenant. veronica goes through the shift with the avail of her female parent, paola (jacqueline bisset ), who be once a famed courtesan herself. erstwhile she enters the lifestyle, speedwell determine that it suits her quite well. she is allow to take all the ledger she wants, she is given the chance to issue her poetry, and she has the richest and most powerful men in the republic throwing themselves at her feet, include the awestruck marco. their kinship develops into a playful bantering, with veronica utilizing her newfound power by constantly rejecting marco ' s advances. in many ways, their family relationship is sad because marco is married to a women he be unable to love, and veronica is devour by multiple relationships with work force she is unwilling to get laid. " love the love, not the humankind, " as her female parent state her. " dangerous beauty, " which was based on a factual book by margaret rosenthal, menstruate along as smoothly and serenely as the expansive canal running through with the center of venice. it has multiple plot lines - - including veronica ' s adversarial relationship with a court poet (oliver platt ), her purpose in obtaining anatole france ' s military aid in venezia ' s battle against the turks, and even the dreaded shadow of the plague and the encroachment of the spanish inquisition - - yet it is ne'er confusing or overbearing. much of the film ' siemens success be referable to the glowing performance by catherine mccormack in the lead role. known chiefly for the small part she played as the lover whose execution raised mel gibson ' s ire in " braveheart " (1995 ), mccormack shows the true gift and unarguable talent of a lead noblewoman. she has the kind of dainty classical sweetheart that would be treasured in a paramour; her character is well informed, witty, and both sensual and vulnerable, all of which mccormack easy transmits with a single flash of her eye. the remainder of the roles are also fill advantageously, including rufus sewell whose performance here and earlier this month in " dark city " have assure him a solid position in hollywood. he has the same form of unusual good look and charm of shaft liotta, and he seems perfectly at domicile in period dramas. oliver platt plays a variance of the comic relief role that he have come to inhabit like a 2d skin, although the film deals his character a cheap nose candy at the destruction by having him improbably join the inquisition and turn into the bad guy rope. platt is a good thespian, but he ' s only too hard to detest. jacqueline bisset proves that she is every mo as stirring as she e'er was, and even fred ward turn upward in a little, but moving performance as marco ' s uncle. " unsafe beauty " is marshall herskovitz ' s sophomore directorial endeavour, after the unmarked 1993 pic " jack the bear. " partnered with edward zwick, herskovitz has spent most of his time as a manufacturer on television (" thirtysomething, " " my so - called life ") and in the moving picture show (" legends of the fall " ). his take style can make up best described as transparent - - it ne'er sustain in the way of the story, still information technology has no discernable flourish or particular distinctions. he could have come near the motion picture show in any numeral of ways, admit o.d. on the sexual aspect, which he wisely avoid. " dangerous beauty " contain just plenty marginal flesh and ribald sexual practice to make it suitably erotic, but not so much that it seems exploitative. herskovitz is too help by a strong support gang, including the luscious photography by bojan bazelli, whose late efforts include the highly - stylize thriller " kalifornia " (1993) and abel ferrara ' s dark sci - fi film " physical structure snatchers " (1994 ). bazelli captures the motion picture in strong, bold colour, and be brings sixteenth - century venice to spirit in all inclusive, panoramic shots that are often heighten with digital imaging. however, the literal details embody set up in the production design by norman garwood (" brazil, " " the princess bride ") and the costume by gabriella pescucci (" the eld of innocence " ). the only job with " dangerous knockout " is that information technology doesn ' t stick with you. it ' s a salutary story intimately - told with interesting characters, but it ' s easy to shrug away once you ' ve allow for the theatre of operations. the only sequence that has the chance to be truly unerasable is veronica being commit in front of the hypocrisy of the inquisition and threatened with the death penalty for her transgressions, only it never quite comes off because it ' s simply too melodramatic and ceremonious. herskovitz endeavor with all his might to make information technology a nailbiter, but somehow its outcome is a foregone conclusion, and like the respite of the film, it carries no existent system of weights, despite the potential badness of the subject matter. 