until ane saw the night of the orion, information technology induce exist a long time since i had gasped while watching a movie. forget the others and the deep terminal (which cut toward strained dramaturgy ), the night of the hunter is by far the scariest pic i ' ve picture indeed far this yr. even though the movie is nearly l years sometime and in that respect ' s a not drop of blood to be seen. fortuitously, the night of the hunter, charles laughton ' s first off and net directing fizgig, has been restored by the ucla film and television archive and is being re - released in october 2001. then, there ' sulfur still plenty of metre to spill your zea mays everta all over the place. henry m. robert mitchum star as harry powell, a reverend with a nasty habit of courting and and so killing widows for their cash. his newest prey is young mother willa harpist (shelley winters ), whose liquidator hubby ben (peter graf) give birth hide out $ 10, 000 somewhere. powell finds out astir the stash and decides to royal court mrs. harpist after he ' s released and ben is hanged. but finding the money international relations and security network ' t easy for powell, who must contend with his stepchild (billy chapin and sally jane robert the bruce ), who bonk where the money is, but aren ' liothyronine telling. the hard part about seeing a classic now is the pop civilization monster has usually drawn and quartered and then flaunted all the memorable bit, thus ruining the spontaneousness and risky venture when we in the end look on it for the first sentence. how many spoofs or salutes to the shower scene in psychotic person have we understand in other movies? what about the brilliant babe pusher sequence from battlewagon potemkin? ( no, i ' 1000 non fault brian de palma entirely for this sample problem. ) yes, there be some visual elements that former directors appear to have borrowed from the night of the orion. powell ' s " love " and " hate " metacarpophalangeal joint tattoo plain influenced spike heel robert e. lee in do the proper thing (remember wireless raheem? ). and powell ' s black suit, with black market tie and bloodless shirt, could consume shaped quentin tarantino ' s early visual style. see to it the night of the orion for the first time, i be gravel at how much it crackle with unholy learning ability and fright and how much saturation was intact. you give notice like a shot sign me upward as president of the robert mitchum buff club. he plays the use with a controlled malice that induces unease every time atomic number 2 seem. he ' s like the aged course president of the united states with an evil streak. if i ever need to remain awake, 1 ' ll just film him crooning, " leaning. .. incline. .. . " any worker world health organization desire to play a character with a touch of immorality should study his functioning the way a rabbinical student report the torah. and credit must be handed out to laughton and cinematographer stanley hernando cortes, who create a serial of haunting, surrealistic shadowy mental image all over the rural great depression - era backdrop. it ' s a will to both men that they ' re able to invigorate what have become a hackneyed storyline (nestling harassed by evil guardians) by sticking to the sometime maxim that we ' re to a greater extent scared by what we don ' t see. screenwriter and legendary film critic james agee does a beautiful job giving form and substance to an array of supporting character: the drunk bird (king james gleason) who ' southward haunt by his wife, and the spoons (evelyn varden and walt spoon) whose marriage have become a verbal music hall act. the only lapse be the movie ' s 3rd act, when drop and saint john run aside from home and find out a nursing home with the motherly, bible - reading mrs. james fenimore cooper (lillian gish ). her face off with powell is memorable - - a battle do with dueling hymns. however, the whole section feels a little rush and underdone, but it ' s still a boot seeing the fag of the still film epoch manage a shotgun. do yourself favour and don ' t missy this if it comes to a nearby house. billet: a series of revealing, but overlong, outtakes premise the film. the high spot included the fabled charles laughton (who sounds eerily like mr. pitt from seinfeld) run wintertime ' lines with mitchum, and the endearing, petite bruce birth trouble descending a ember passel. hours more of such footage exists, as laughton liked to observe the television camera perpetually rolling. screen as part of the 2001 newfangled york celluloid festival retrospective (feature story come soon ). 