in present twenty four hours hanoi, three sisters reflect on their parent ' relationship while trying to limit their own in writer / director tran anh hung ' s (" the aroma of green papaya ") " the vertical ray of the sunlight. " youngest sister lien (tran nu ache - khe) recognize the solar day with hai (ngo quanq hai ), the alone brother whom she rooms and unrelentingly flirt with. their forenoon ritual of tai chi and lou reed precedes cut across the street to eldest babe suong ' s (nguyen nhu quynh) cafe, where lien works, for breakfast. the iii sister fondly prepare their mother ' s memorial feast of traditional delicacy, prepare as much for look as appreciation, while giggling over the difference between the sexes. after the crime syndicate breaks from the banquet, we learn that suong ' s young boy ' little scallywag ' represent doted upon, but at that place ' s a distance developing with her husband quoc (chu ngoc hung ), who ' s leaving for one of his habitual botanical photography trips. middle sister khanh (tran manh cuong) assure her writer husband she ' s pregnant before he allow on a trip to saigon to research tuan, a mysterious man in his mother - in - police force ' s past. lien support cringe into hai ' s bed at night, causing him to fall knocked out of information technology. the initial peace of mind we witness starts turning into a soap opera before coming to full circuit one month later, as the terzetto women prepare their father ' s memorial feast. " the upright ray of the sunlight " follow a contemplative piece where solid passion exist underneath calm exterior. sly humor, ego deceit and harsh verity all exist in the cyclic screenplay. tran anh hung and his cinematographer mark lee ping - bin (" flowers of shanghai ") linger concluded and replicate the small motion of everyday life - a wife washes her husbands manus, a charwoman makes water dance in a bowlful, a human draw his buff to face him before they part. small spaces such as rooms, back street and courtyards create familiarity. the color honey oil, represent living and tranquility, is apply heavily in the film ' s visual styling, lapsing into yellowish hues and blues. author / director tran anh hung ' s film callback ang lee ' s " eat drink humankind woman, " another fib of three baby of varying modernity come together traditionally for a parent. but while lee ' s more traditionally story - driven film result in revolutionary changes for all concerned, " the vertical light beam of the sunday ' s " character strive for peaceful harmony. watching it is like trailing your fingertips in a current on a coolheaded spring day. 