whole step alone cannot sustain a film, but it butt go a retentive way. if i can find myself lost in the time and space of a report, information technology scores contiguous style points. when that tone is backed upward by an outstanding story and great playacting, the essence can be described best by an adjective i do non expend softly: " literary. " what ' s corrode gilbert grape? be such a film. it ' s a rich, memorable and stunningly acted story of desire colliding with responsibility, spy in a mode which many viewers might find besides prosaic, but which adumbrate itself into my imagination with it confidence. gilbert grape vine (johnny depp) is a young gentleman inhabit in rural endora, iowa, confront incredible obligation. as the man of the house since his father god ' s self annihilation, gilbert mustiness support the family by work at the local market store. he also must watch over his mentally handicapped brother arnie (leonardo dicaprio) and assist care for his exceedingly overweight mother (darlene cates ). gilbert seem destined to spend the rest of his liveliness in the small town until the comer in endora of becky (juliette lewis ), a free life expire through with her granny when their truck breaks down. as he spend time with becky, gilbert begins to think about all the affair he be missing. tardily his gall builds, until he realise that he can no more longer exist his entire life for other people. conductor lasse hallstrom (my life as a dog) and legendary cinematographer sven nykvist create a glorious visual backdrop for peter hedging ' screenplay, ground on his own novel. endora is a town on the bound of the world represented by the giant foodmart, a tiny insular residential area where everyone sleep together everyone else. the midwestern sunsets and sprawling theater exist beautifully photograph, and the atmosphere of the town exist intensely genuine. minor characters, comparable saint crispin glover as the town ' s funeral director, be vividly realized, and there are echoes of the last picture show in mary steenburgen ' sulphur desperately dysphoric lady of the house. i of the most perfectly realized setting focuses on the lofty chess opening of a beefburger franchise, attended by the intact town and go with by the off - key high school band. non a single note in the depiction of endora rang off key. the same lavatory be aver of the grapheme of gilbert. it ' s testimony to the precision involve in his creation that he came unitedly completely with one utterly placed melodic line, when becky responds to gilbert ' s verbal description of his father with, " i knew someone like that once. " gilbert is a gentleman harboring an of all time - growing bitter about where he find himself in life, a bitterness which reveals itself in moments of surprising mercilessness. in one vista, he allow local small fry to look at his female parent through their window, displaying her like a side show attraction. his entire life seems to follow mocked by arnie ' s restate chants of, " we ' re not going anywhere, " but instead of expressing his dissatisfaction he lets his anger simmer, and it becomes clear that helium be follow in his father ' s footstep in this heed. johnny depp expertly demonstrates the tension key to gilbert by playing everything below the surface, but helium never grant in to i - dimensional blankness or simply regurgitates his naif roles in benny & joon and edward scissorhands. depp ' s performance is overshadow, however, by leonardo dicaprio ' s astonishing oscar - nominative defend work as arnie. atomic number 2 lay to shame such big name worker as saint john the apostle malkovich and dustin hoffman, whose mentally challenged fibre never seemed completely real. dicaprio is perfect to the last vellication and squeal, and anyone who experience ever spent metre with mentally challenge kids will be gruelling - pressed to espy a flaw. darlene cates, a first - sentence histrion, brings existent infliction to her scenes as gi ' s torture female parent, and laura harrington and mary kate schellhardt are solid as gilbert ' s sisters. but juliette lewis doesn ' t quite click, play a critical role with her now conversant dopey drone and besides picayune unfeigned spark. gilbert grape does seem to drift into its conclusion, merely it never misplace me. thanks to a lovingly create mount and a marvelous casting, this 1993 outlet proves good worth the waiting. 