pitch black is a sheep in masher ' s habiliment. it be full of darkness, danger and vehemence and if you bribe into the selling hype, an unsettling and shuddery film conk out experience. don ' t be take in. pitch black is a morality child's play masquerading as a panic attack - fest. it part turned with blistering intensity. a cargo spaceship clangor lands on a planet apparently leeched of life by the singe heat of tercet sun. among the survivors be fry (mitchell ), the ship ' s archetype, who spend the plastic film wrestling with the fact that she tried to jettison the early passengers in her effort to land the craft safely. there is imam (david ), an moslem leader whose faith in his supreme being be tested repeatedly throughout the film. there be a law enforcement officer in the pattern of johns (hauser ), world health organization attacks every office with straight jawed authoritarian zeal. and on that point be riddick (diesel motor ), a menacing, muscle - bound convict murderer world health organization ' second be brought back to justice by johns. the grouping quick sizes upward the situation and each other. confident in their assessment of matter, a plan is set in motion to take to the woods their beastly environment. those plans are tear up by the show of unrivaled of the satellite ' s wildlife, a predatory, sometimes fly, species that enjoys the taste of blood and flesh. fortunately, the creatures are low cal sensitive and represent pull to go in networks of catacombs under the planet ' s surface. unfortunately, the chemical group has deal to land on the major planet second before an eclipse is about to occur, taking away their i trade protection from the monsters. the radical ' s jesus of nazareth comes in the form of king john, whose decisive leading look to deliver them from purgatory. or does information technology? delivery contraband deviates from the banner sci - fi fare by quash some of the stock " escape the boogieman " conflicts the writing style typically serves up. just as the satellite yield a false facade of lifelessness, first appearances give by the survivors shew to be simply as false. the excitement of the film comes not from the danger posed by the creatures, but sooner from watching the shift allegiances and emotional growth of the characters as the planet serves as a deus ex machina of variety to catalyse emotional growth. a perennial theme runs throughout the film of religion, whether information technology be religious or in a person, and how that powers their motivations. i found information technology tell apart that an accidental death occur betimes on ascribable to the misperception of a self professed atheist. conversely, imam constantly contribute any good hazard to allah. unmatchable by one, his comprehend heaven sent boon are taken away and vanquish. imam is draw to reevaluate his faith. another character verbalise belief in god, along with a life long hatred. yet another part makes a decision that repeat the sentiments of jesus about selflessness and let lasting repercussions for several of group. information technology be a fascinating character study hiding nether the guise of a scare flick. special mention should equal made of vin diesel, who intriguingly conveys feral menace combined with a unfeignedly mesmerizing bearing. his character could have easily slipped into a parody of the baddass belt down machine, just twohy and diesel engine add surprising depth to riddick. they can be excused for the deuce or 3 shwarzenegger - same catch phrases that growl their way prohibited of diesel ' s mouth. the motion picture has information technology flaws that can exist nitpicked. the wight do face derivative of the ones in unknown. the talks international relations and security network ' t the freshest at metre, reminiscent of a bad comic book. yes, the appearance of riddick ' s sight skill are more than than a petty well timed considering the situation. these trappings are on the fringe of the story twohy is real essay to tell. twohy may have lured you in nether the pretending of scar you with film fabricated boogieman, but he shows the real boogieman to be the bias and feeling we use to direct decisions in our lives. 