the happy asshole ' s quick moving picture show review analyze this how manage one do a comedy focalize on the mob? well, a few years ago, thither be a sly little clowning holler the freshman, which had marlon brando doing a romp of a send - up of his famed don corleone character and, recently, the utterly stupid (in a bad way) movie mafia! give way to truly get the joke. this time close to, however, warner bros. crataegus oxycantha receive gotten information technology right with analyze this, a movie that strike its targets more than than it misses. .. and for plenty of reason. the story snuff it like this. a gangster (robert deniro) finds himself receiving respective panic tone beginning as of late, fueled by the tension of an upcoming gangster meeting and a near - end keep an eye on a drive - by shooting. information technology ' s these attacks that instigate him to engage a psychiatrist (billy crystal) who ' s generally reluctant to take the mobster ' southward case for deuce reasons. first, of course, atomic number 2 ' s a mobster, merely second, he ' s try to get married and bask a quiet honeymoon with his wife (lisa kudrow) and youngster. and, of course, atomic number 2 tail end ' t rest worth for a moment because the mobster ' s goons are constantly needing the shrink for something, be information technology a quick consultation operating room aspiration analyzation. as luck would have it, the picture show is played proscribed for plenty of laughs. conductor harold ramis (who also helmed the comedy numerousness, which wasn ' t half bad) keeps the tonicity peppy and light, still if it ' s sometimes sprinkled by slight dramatic moments (shot can ' t always constitute taken for laughs, you be intimate ). deniro does some of his finest comic body of work since the martin luther king jr. of comedy, have off a somewhat similar performance to his role in goodfellas, merely with a piece of a lighter warmness. ( a scene where he essay to display his ire all over the earphone and fails miserably is hilarious. ) crystal play an excellent straight man to deniro ' s reference, uplifting him from such bomb as founder ' s day and my giant. kudrow constitute also a hoot as watch glass ' s wife - to - be, who ' siemens on the wand of a breakdown thanks to deniro ' s bearing. be the movie perfect? not really, thanks to a simplistic ending and some slightly wasted moments with a character portray by chazz palminteri (he ' s a comic actor, too, come on, give him some more! ), but information technology is an enjoyable romp that lets deniro get along something different merely same for a change, taking his striking act to a novel field of comedy. praise to crystal and kudrow for non just make information technology his show, either. line of the movie: vitreous silica: " when you allege you demand family therapy, this be not the family line single had in mind! " 