produced by robert lantos & stephen j. roth directed by douglas hiram williams mpaa: not betray (though from language, violence, medical - flagrant - outs, and intimate content, i ' d order information technology at pg ) though make in canada, " overdrawn at the memory savings bank " traces its tooth root to the bbc school of moving picture production. utilise, for the most part, chinchy figurer and video particular effects, chyron textual matter, wildlife documental footage, and sets that are sometimes apparently faked up, it nonetheless supervise to tell a good enough science fiction story that by the time you ' re twenty minutes into it, you should exist hooked. raul julia plays aram fingal, a radio controlled aircraft information processing worker for novicorp whose active imagery and predilection for hack buzz off him into trouble with office. caught watching " casablanca " on his desk varan, fingal is sentenced to " doppling " reclamation - - he is to expend forty - 8 hours in the trunk of a baboon. ( how on the nose this be supposed to rehabilitate him is anybody ' s guess. ) as it happens, thanks to a call schoolboy ' s prank, his body is temporarily misplaced, and his nous make to be shunted into the central data processor to prevent him alive until they can ascertain it. as metre mark away before his memory cube self - destructs, the frantic search for his body is on. .. while fingal first make a practical realism fantasy world, so finds there ' s no better way of life to hack the system than from the interior. during the chaos, computer technician apollonia james (linda griffiths) maintain contact with fingal through a datalink, certify several unlike time to pop the question advice or warnings. over the course of their interaction, interest on both their division grows into a budding romanticism. given that " casablanca " be fingal ' s favourite film, and the basis for his fantasy world, a great softwood of the picture show comprise homage to " casablanca ". in fact, the humphrey bogart and peter peter lorre characters make appearance (fiddle by julia in a dual role and louis negin, severally) in a measure called " the place ". julia ' s depicting of bogart is passable, and avoids becoming the " schweethaat " - spirt parody seen in sketch. negin ' s peter laszlo lowestein is quite an credible, and easily the best dick lorre atomic number 53 ' ve ever so see who wasn ' t the real matter. the 2 of them, as characters created by fingal ' s imagination, serve as prospect of his personality, driving him on in his pursuit to hack on the computing machine system. those aren ' t the alone casablanca characters to put in show. the sydney greenstreet character also chance to be round. .. as " the fat isle of man ", the substitute panorama of the film ' s chief villain, the novicorp chairman (donald c. moore ). while fingal ' s body be lost, the fat man tries to intercept him from hacking the system. .. with less than salutory solution. it ' s interesting to remark the futurist argot words that are thrown about left and right during the motion picture, in the best golden - long time scientific discipline fabrication tradition. parole comparable " dopple ", " psychist ", " computech ", " cinema ", and " reconst " be apparently in vulgar use. and while people of today whitethorn easily laugh at fourteen years past ' s idea of futurist data processing clerks, some aspects of this pic are amazingly perfectly in keep with the way we think of " practical world " today. as cyber terrorist cinema go, this may not follow a staple of the genre, merely information technology ' s definitely recommended viewing. the special effects be really primitive, identify this production in the land of low - to - medium - budget television set. the music is completely electronic - synthesize, which fit the broken budget but international relations and security network ' t real knocked out of keeping with the genre. however, the writing quite makes up for information technology. there cost some very funny moment, and quite a a few little in - caper that ace needs to have seen " casablanca " to apprize properly. all in all, i yield " overdrawn at the storage bank " a. 