perhaps the most striking change in the movement painting industry in this decade have to do with special effect. in that location be no question that action - adventure and scientific discipline - fabrication / action movies are now gauge by the character of their light and noise. whereas classic adventure pics of the last twenty long time, such as plunderer of the lost ark of the covenant, were made in deluxe traditional fashion; contemporary films like jurassic park constitute multimillion - dollar creations of computing device engineering. the latest in this visually awe inspiring serial publication of motion picture show, the wachowski pal ' the matrix, is a testament to the skilled use of particular impression and it ability to enhance a movie ' s write up. different many sci - fi movie which promote themselves as effects - heavy blockbusters merely go to deliver on that hope, the ground substance be a carefully constructed special effects upshot. it run 135 minutes in length and apply a countless number of computerized tricks which range from gimmick to grandiose, and the lineament of the gist remains never ending throughout the film ' s duration. contrary to popular movement, the matrix commits itself to be a spectacle of light and sound. in this respect, the movie is something like a board sharp. with its gaudy hatful stripped away, the matrix would cost quite shallow and untalented. the script equal characteristically feeble, and the dialogue suffers in place of a far to a greater extent innovative visual approach. but, like the card sharp, the ground substance wows it audience to such a gamey degree that existent content is irrelevent. the viewers don ' t care astir what the ground substance possess to suppose as long as the future special effects sequence is right around the recession. and rightfulness around the corner they commonly are, for the handwriting tells a degenerate - step, albeit frequently revisited story. as the movie explains, the world as we cognize it equal nil simply an elaborate electronic computer program constructed by an artificial intelligence agency for the purpose of placating humankind. zillion of human beings trygve halvden lie in this inactive state while the intelligence service - - the intercellular substance - - " farms " our life sentence energy. exclusively a select group of individuals knows of the " real " mankind, and a especially cunning team of these rebels follow led by ultra - cool morpheus (laurence fishburne ). morpheus and his gang recruit a electronic computer expert call neo (keanu reef ), believing he is a prophesied individual who leave aid them overturn the matrix and return peace to solid ground. the stamp plays forbidden this narration in stylish fashion. the set design is very dynamical, run the gambit between cramped and disconsolate to bright and airy. the costume, equally well as the actors who wear them, sum up to the roles. for example, the manifested antagonists in the movie, a chemical group of " factor " created by the intercellular substance in its computer program, all dress in matching secret servicewear; the rebel fighter, on the other hand, dress in rich hues of leather. the cast cannot be criticized, for the typically stoical reeves isn ' t command to suppose much and laurence fishburne gets plenty of time to be so blessed cool. supports in carrie - anne moss, joe pantoliano, and victor hugo weaving be all effectual. one of the best comparisons to thw matrix is final yr ' s science fable masterpiece morose city, particularly if one ponders how this same premiss would ' ve worked from a unlike approach. the alex proyas film live far more than dark and introspective, requiring a minute of thought before themes became clear; here, the wachowski brothers have got managed to manufacture a shudder - drive move picture with little abandon and much noise. the better pictorial matter between the two depends on the viewer, simply the key to the succeeder of the matrix is that the noise make out not flummox in the way of the fun. 