i butt get word the question already. what on earth do these 2 picture show have in common? to most people, non a lot, except that both are by renowned director. as i saw them, however, both movie experience flawed quixotic scripts wrapped in classifiable packaging of lavish visuals musical numbers. simply oh, how differently the packages affect their films. while " everyone ' s " product numbers build an differently ordinary woody tale something special, jane catchfly ' s imaginative visuals only serve to emphasize how grandiloquent and uninvolving laura jones ' script be. i leave " everyone aver i have it off you " not remembering a lot astir who have intercourse whom, but its infectious felicity lay a grin on my face. i left " the portrait of a lady " not remembering a batch astir who roll in the hay whom, and one could stimulate manage less. " everyone " features nothing allen hasn ' t done before storywise. woody is once again desperately in love with a beautiful char (henry martyn robert ), and against the betting odds they manage to click for awhile before gracie allen be left wondering what went wrong - - over again. similar berth pass off to his family and friends. some of the to a greater extent gonzo comedy scenes even hark backward to his " early, amusing " films. the conniption between tim philip roth and drew barrymore could have come out of " take the money and run, " his directorial first appearance. however, nothing woody allen has of all time do prepared me for this one and only - of - a - form display of sheer secure flavour. in fact, in this movie, the palpate itself is what ' s near important. yes, the moving picture show would give be better - - among his very best, i recollect - - if information technology had a meatier story. but what it lack in substance it makes up for in feeling. and what dear mode to express touch than through music? love is often best convey in a song, and the number the cast break into hither cut straight to the heart. some are a tad too goofy, such as the identification number where a lot of ghost ruffle roughly in a funeral parlor, but i look up to allen for yet putting them in there. it also helps that as usual, allen ingest a top - flight cast lick with him. their telling voices drift from quite good (goldie hawn) to non rather good (allen) to literally unlistenable (barrymore, whose existent vocalization was dubbed by a professional ). but while their vocal abilities take issue, all the actor do a enceinte line of work of frame joyousness upwards there on the screen, and making it rub away on the audience. concede, some people bequeath simply never accept characters blab out in motion picture show, but for those attuned to information technology, this film should work wonder. jane campion, too, has a top - flight cast working for her in " portrayal of a lady, " too, but even their considerable skills can serve null to keep the picture from being a stilted, virtually exanimate mess, albeit a visually interesting one. campion and her camera operator stuart dryburgh come improving with a smashing variety of eye - fill images that linger in the mind. unfortunately, what didn ' triiodothyronine linger in the brain for me was the story the visuals were supposed to live reflecting. i remember rattling advantageously shots of a train with its light beaming and shots of men vanish around nicole kidman, but i can remember real little of what pass between completely these people. still worse, 1 put on ' t find myself feeling defective that i ' ve forgotten. the problem, i consider, lie not with the cast, which seemed to be render very heavily for the stuff. information technology was the script that couldn ' t convince me to like about anyone. the characters were cast out all kinds of emotion, but i retrieve no reason to plug in with any of them. one see that the story was about cold, emotionally vacant characters, but for me to worry about them, i have to identify with them somehow and want them to inject feel into their life sentence. mother jones ' playscript never simply gave maine that opportunity. in the end, it nearly seemed as if silene be trying to shoot some life of her own into the proceedings with her visual flourishes. unluckily, as she kept painting these blazing pictures, they only served to push pine tree state further forth from the material and remind pine tree state that on that point constitute no connection between me and the film. in the end, the motion picture ' s nonpareil persuasiveness ended up smart it. so here we possess two films with pretty uninteresting plots, and yet atomic number 53 be able to truly enjoy one of them. wherefore? with both film, my head care about neither level, but only " everyone says i fuck you " represent able bodied to make my heart sing. 