information technology ' s wednesday, marching music xxvii, and a slaying investigation personify underway in charlotte, south carolina. the offense: a immature prostitute, elizabeth (renee zellweger ), sustain been viciously slain. one one half of her severed torso was found in a bag at the caravan place. the early half be discovered in a trunk at the harbor agency, sea mile away. the law duo of braxton (chris penn) and kennesaw (michael rooker) are strap for confidential information. at the moment, they birth but one possible suspect: wieland (tim philip milton roth ), a wealthy, unemployed genius who graduated summa cum laude from princeton university and appears to make up the least likely character to intrust such a heinous act. that ' s the premise for deceiver, a new thriller from the pate brothers, jonas and josh, world health organization pee pee their mark on the film world two old age ago at sundance with the movie the grave accent. deceiver plays out like a judgement game between the intellectually superior wayland and the two non - so - smart cops (legend early in the proceedings let usa fuck that wayland ' s iq is 151; by contrast, kennesaw ' s be 122 and braxton ' s is 102 ). the circumstance be a police interrogation way where a lie sensing element test is astir to be administered. over three days, as wayland reappearance to answer more questions, the dramatic play and tension among these trine characters bit by bit intensify until, inevitably, it boils over. other plot elements comprise thrown in for salutary measure. wayland suffers from a particular kind of epilepsy that give the sack, in stressful situations, render him virtually catatonic surgery extremely fierce. braxton, a determined gambler, is deep in debt to a local syndicate. and kennesaw is haunted by a darkness, scurrilous slope that delights in terrorize women, specially his wife (rosanna arquette ), whom he suspects of being unfaithful. the mannerism and failings of these three are brought into the open as the mystery around elizabeth ii ' s decease deepens and it becomes unreadable who cause the upper hand: the defendant or his inquirer. cheater, which mostly transpires in a dimly - lit room and involve a lot of wise dialogue, birth the feel of a saint david david mamet frolic: edgy, claustrophobic, and tense. the aura embody explosive, and some of pivotal minute of opposition are riveting. deceiver induce the office to grab an audience. unluckily, in the end, it succumbs to the need to throw in one concluding, unexpected crook, and this is its undoing. for, while this surprise will certainly scandalize most viewers, it likewise extend our credulity too much, and raises more than interrogation than information technology answers. it ' s only an effective wrap - upwards if you don ' t think too cautiously about information technology good implications. of course, the motion picture show as a solid plays tight and idle with world and logic. police procedure be all ignored and it ' s nearly impossible to accept that any vicious investigation would or could proceed in this way. simply the real focus in cheater be on character interaction, not plot details. deceiver only occasionally come out of the police station, and those instances come mainly during flashback sport the prostitute. the pates employ a issue of interesting techniques to present sketch from elizabeth i ' s final days and hour. the most intriguing of these be to use an unreliable narrator while underscore the discrepancies in his phonation - over by visually showing what real fall out. moments comparable this be too effective to be dismiss as gimmicks. the movie, manifestly fashioned in the manner of classic flick noir, drip atmosphere. thither be some fascinating stylistic jot; for representative, although the setting be contemporary, all of the telephones are previous - fashioned, circular models. cinematographer bank bill samuel butler is given an opportunity to apply unconventional camera work to liven up deceiver ' s looking at. some of the things he tries (by and large those that involve the contrast between light and dark) work exceptionally well, while others (like any of various lazy susan shots) seem more like unneeded ocular magic. as wayland, tim philip roth impart the film ' s top performance, despite occasionally treading the tightrope between acting and overacting. roth prepare us believe that wayland live both as brilliant and as troubled as he ' siemens suppose to be. the former two leads, chris pennsylvania and michael rooker, aren ' liothyronine as effective. both play their characters like conversant types. penn ' s performance follow uninspired; rooker ' s lacks subtlety. some of the best oeuvre is turned in by the defend actors. renee zellweger, in a role that ' s miles away from her star - realise turn in krauthead maguire, brings a note of exposure and humanity to a part that could easily own become a caricature. rosanna arquette be solid as kennesaw ' s wife, and michael mungo park delivers various tremendous view as a psychiatrist who ' s entrusted with evaluating wayland ' s condition. i of the good things about deceiver is that information technology ne'er talks down to the audience. secret plan point aren ' t hammered home, and, although the cease has its weaknesses, everything international relations and security network ' triiodothyronine spelled out in bold letter. the pates open audience members credit entry for having brains, which be an increasingly uncommon characteristic for film manufacturing business. occasionally grapple and never uninteresting, deceiver is a fine noir endeavor. 