making a sequel to a widely beloved pic be a telling proposition so, especially when the foremost film be consider by many to be a chef d'oeuvre. when it come to living up to expectations, a filmmaker is nearly condemn to some degree of failure. for a sequel to live upward to operating theater even surpass the original ' s sizeableness is very rarified indeed. and whereas " babe: pig in the city " misses be the greatness of it best delineation name herald babe, information technology is a worthy companion musical composition. to a greater extent than that, it is a spectacular work of artistic production that merit to support solo in its ain right. " babe: pig in the city " imprimatur the categorization of be recognized with such classic comparable " the godfather: part ii " and " the empire chance on backward " as being one of the nifty sequels ever produced. " babe: pig in the city " picks improving exactly where " sister " give off. having advance the sheep herding competition, husbandman hoggett (james cromwell) and his pig are elevated to fame condition. a series of inauspicious destiny and uproariously gonzo result leads to mrs. hoggett taking babe from the small country farm into the big city. in act so, the motion picture show transport us into a wonderfully inventive world that at the same time mirrors and exceeds the creative design seen in the original. " babe: pig in the metropolis " flourish where so many sequels fail. most subsequence simply retrograde the consequence of the first film. not " baby: pig in the metropolis ". this be a whole original tale that offers upward a story drastically unlike than the first. too, by non being content to use most of the old characters, this picture show gives u many new unity to enjoy. in essence, it doesn ' t attempt to re create itself. instead, it strives to achieve an originality of its ain. and it succeeds. that ' s non to say the conversant is lacking. " baby: hog in the city " retains some of the best core elements and lineament from the initiatory film. along with babe himself, ferdinand the duck come along for the ride, as does mrs. hoggett (one of this decade ' s best and nearly underappreciated comic characterizations, hilariously performed by magda szubanski ). the threesome singing mouse also make the journey, chiming in with their cute gamy - tilt vocals. the story structure is also similar as each segment be introduced with title identity card read by the aforesaid mouse. from there, we are guided erst again by roscoe lee browne ' s soothingly bass narrative. composer nigel westlake besides returns with his whimsical euphony style that is perfect for cinematic fables such as these. but these elements be simply the frame that skirt an all new picture. while outride at the flealands hotel, babe encounters a veritable ark of the covenant - full of newfangled brute. monkeys, kittens, and dogs of various breeds and sizes be some of the new " urbanites " that babe befriends, equally easily as some wonderfully laughable pelicans that ferdinand the duck pass to bump. each character be distinctly unique, some of which are imbued with personal human - like struggles that are endearing and touching. and while this world focuses for the most part on these animals, we equal introduced to two new human characters equally well. mary stein play the owner of the flealands hotel, an animal - loving young spinner who harbor these fall back creatures a good deal to the dismaying anger of her fellow neighbors. stein ' s landlady is a terrifically unpaired impersonation. we also meet fugly floom, an old soft - spoken goof who owns many of the brute in the flealands hotel, employ them as a part of the act that he performs at different parties and functions. not having lie with world health organization impersonate fugly floom prior to seeing the film, it came as an unexpected pleasant surprisal to see who it be. therefore as not to destroy this fountainhead - kept secret, i won ' t reveal the thespian ' s identity hither. it was a treat so to see one and only of picture palace ' s legends grace the screen again in what was a toppingly gentle and heartwarming performance. the greatest victory of " babe: copper in the city " cost the art direction. just put - - it bleeds creative thinking, read the aspect of the original film to a unharmed new level. restrain principally to a farm the first time around, this 2nd instalment creates an entire city, dazzle us with unique fable - like architecture. merely the cam stroke of consummate genius by product designer roger ford is his use of our world ' s architectural landmarks. designing a skyline that includes the statue of liberty, the sydney opera sign of the zodiac, the brooklyn span, the hollywood sign and the eiffel tower, ford have created a rum city that encompasses all of our cities (as seen in the film photo and pre - production drawing to your right ). added to that, many of this city ' s streets are the duplicate siblings of venezia ' s gondola car - trekked river. the city that have sprung from ford ' s sight is a wondrous plenty to behold. it equal a world that you desire to walk around in. norma moriceau ' s costume designs belong in this world, vibrant in semblance and mode equal to that of the gerald r. ford ' s landscape. most of the costumes be imaginatively cartoonish, with the virtually exotically grand intent lead to that of fugly floom ' s clown getup. andrew lesnie ' s picture taking captures these ingredient with various lighting moods that are beautifully in force in create the film ' s multiple aroused tones. much pressure fresh fish has been give over the week leading up to the release of " babe: grunter in the metropolis ". reports stated that it original cutting was branded with a pg - 13 rating. these reports represent let out to be false as it was assigned a pg evaluation. but even so, to constitute anything harsher than the original ' s g rating sustain many parent and fans up in arms. by deleting a minimal number of dig, " sister: pig in the city " be eventually give the in demand gigabyte rating. although appeased, many lover be notwithstanding concerned that information technology would be too dark, fearing that the film may let come to constitute possessed by tim burton himself. intimately, to coin a phrasal idiom, the account of " infant: pig in the metropolis " ' s death at the hands of a dark, scary, felliniesque interpretation get follow greatly overstated. granted information technology induce information technology minute of pseudo - morbidity, only all - in - all " babe: pig in the metropolis " is the funny and sorcerous escapade that everyone was hoping it would be. whatever " wickedness " second information technology whitethorn have crapper equal attributed to director george iii miller (the " mad max " trilogy, " the witches of eastwick ", " lorenzo ' s petroleum " ). having serve as a manufacturer and co - writer on the maiden film, henry miller moves into the film director ' s chair for this i, putting his ain unique sense of style into this budding franchise. the story of " babe: pig in the metropolis " is an beguile yarn, only peerless that doesn ' t achieve the excited or character deepness of the original. missing hither live the endeavor to broach such heady themes as personal identity, an person ' s charles frederick worth, challenging conformity, and one ' s purpose in living. " babe " dealt with this weighty subject matter, create a timeless fable. " babe: hog in the city " should not have rehashed these root word, but i do care information technology would have attempted to explore new one. this film is non bereaved of moral operating theater message as it parallel such publication as urban strife, class differences, sacrificial courage, and so on. but this film ' s goals aren ' deoxythymidine monophosphate as lofty as the inaugural ' s, instead choosing to take a more straightforward plan of attack, allowing its subject to submit a back bottom to an exciting, sometimes intense, fable adventure that is undeniably clever and inventive. " babe: pig in the city " besides decides against develop a relationship to the level of which was present in the first film, specifically the unity between farmer hoggett and sister. hoggett ' s passion for infant, which originate ever so mildly, is what gave that film its charming and endearing quality. best instance in hoggett ' s dance for baby, this moving relationship be rightfully unique. it is something that i indirect request would bear been present once again (and could have through fugly floom ), just was non. please understand, these are not negative criticisms, per selenium ', but simply statements of what i discover as the differences between " babe: sus scrofa in the metropolis " be a very good flick and the original be a great one. only having enounce that, these observations are minor critiques at good. as an overall piece, " babe: pig in the city " be a thoroughly enchanting and entertaining fable from beginning to end. for certain, it isn ' thyroxine a great film, simply information technology is an fantabulous i that possesses elements of greatness. information technology personify a film that is magical with its appeal and humor, exciting in it adventurous exploits, funny with information technology dry wit and cute voice, and breathtaking in its presentation. " babe: copper in the city " may non comprise moviemaking at its absolute best, but it is on level of cinematic caliber that is seldom achieved operating theater go through in cinema. as a result, if you choose to lease this film pass you by, you leave be drop of the class ' sulfur best cinematic kickshaw. 