bruce willis and 6th sense managing director m. night shyamalan re - team to severalize the story of david dunne (thomas willis ), a stadium protection guard who has been having some problems at home that are affect his relationship with his married woman and child. on a return trip from newfangled york where he was trying to catch a job, dunne equal in a ugly wagon train accident that he is the sole survivor of. to make affair even stranger, dunne has also break away the chance event completely unscathed. a mirthful good book nontextual matter dealer named elijah price (samuel cubic decimeter. jackson ), who was born with a degenerative bone disease that causes his bones to cost so brittle that they break constantly, has been seeking out individual like dunne his full life. monetary value feel that there had to be somebody exactly the opposite of him. .. someone whose finger cymbals would be so strong that they would ne'er burst. price contact dunne and convert him to come low to his gallery for a talk where he suggests that dunne could quite possibly be something consanguine to a superhero from the comic book mary leontyne price used to read when helium was a child. dunne doesn ' t believe him at first, only price assistance him in discovering his " index " and helps him hone his craft until he discovers what his true phone really constitute. author / director mb. night shyamalan had a baffling human activity to come after with his sleeper hit the sixth sense. how exactly manage unity abide by up on one of the openhanded and most popular thrillers in recent years? for shyamalan, the answer must have come as easy to him as nuclear physic does to kindergartners. does this new film standard up to his breakthrough boxwood business office smash, though? the solution to that question is non a very gentle one and only, either. as far as pacing goes, the sixth sense seem nigh interminable. it wasn ' metric ton until the surprise ending was revealed that unity realized the film be actually intentionally (and perfectly) paced in monastic order to give the audience ample sentence to re - connect all of the information they had seen once the climax have been pass on. for unbreakable, shyamalan gave the film a much to a greater extent satisfying pace which, in many fashion, blows away the pic that had come in front. the news report moves on at a steady stride and shyamalan ' s commission is excellent, with the camera nigh always moving. there embody tons of great shots in the motion picture, not least of which is a conversation that open the film between willis ' fiber and another train passenger. the shot seems as though it embody film like we were watch over the two talk from between the train rear end and the photographic camera steady glides backwards and forth between the 2 actors as they speak. also really telling is the film ' sulphur scotch by james river newton howard (who also score shyamalan ' s sixth sense and the similar film ado of echoes, as well as this yr ' s dinosaur ). several of the scenes cost driven by a very tricky round and supporter to increase the tempo of the film. one of the expert examples of this is a scene in which dunne goes into a gearing place to " example " his powers. the music, in combination with the starring visuals, really go a foresightful direction towards making this an incredible pic. if at that place be any one soundtrack i would make a must buy this year, this one would equal information technology. the film as well tout some great functioning, let in a precocious small fry actor try to vie for the oscar throne left vacant by haley book of joel osment. willis turns in a expectant performance as the sad sack dunne, who scarce posterior ' t seem to calculate out why atomic number 2 ' s be depressed for the final few years. his part almost seems pathetic when we first meet him, but atomic number 2 finally grows into his own under elijah ' s tutelage. jesse louis jackson personify one of the better actors of our time, and hither atomic number 2 turns in yet another great operation as the ever injured elijah. though his hairstyle is derisory, jackson seems to steep such a great trade of pain into his role that the trench mortar board coif give notice easily be overlooked. robin wright university of pennsylvania ' s function look slightly underwritten, but she still contend to go across the intense harm of her character ' s necessitate for love from her husband and her desire to make things ferment again. herbert spencer treat mark wayne clark, as the dunne ' s young son jeremy, shows that shyamalan still has a knack for pick young actors, and atomic number 2 turn in ace of the most competent performances in the film. out of wholly the character, jeremy ' s is perchance the most aroused, and clark make a great occupation with the role. where the film perform lose distributor point though, be during its " surprise " ending. shyamalan get said in interviews that atomic number 2 was going to do an ending that gasconade away the one show by the 6th sense, merely i get myself saying " that was it? ! " when unbreakable revealed its own ending. information technology ' s not that the terminate is bad, information technology ' s just that the ending doesn ' t rather experience the emotional poke that the other film ' s did. plus, it nigh seems alike it define itself up for sequels (and i won ' t divulge the ending hither, but you ' ll understand what i imply when you witness it ). essentially, what all of this means live that shyamalan has crap another good flick with unbreakable. the only genuine job is that the finish doesn ' t rather fill the shadow left by its precursor. as long as it isn ' t concur to the standard that sixth sense circle (which information technology ultimately testament be ), it should personify a remarkably well liked film. i matter seems clear, though. shyamalan definitely has an affinity for laughable ledger that helium would like to share with the world and many mirthful book fans bequeath also delight the imagination he presents in this film. 