in chocolat, a chocolate shop proprietor tells her customers to look into a spinning object of obscure textures, patterns, and lines, hoping she ' ll be capable to foresee the kind of chocolate they ' ll to the highest degree enjoy. some barrack the idea, merely everyone world health organization gaze into the complexity of the spinning target winds upwards seeing something different than the next, reveal personality traits which the person may non have know they had before. this give notice easily digest as a model for chocolat as a whole: on the surface, information technology appears to be a short, downy fable with no profoundness or truthful worth, but when one takes a second, deeper look, chocolat ' s true colors begin to shine through. make a bold statement about organized faith and those who practice it, lasse hallstrom ' s chocolat is cleanly dissemble and meticulously craft - not to mention one of the good films of the year. what gives chocolat its magic, much like hallstrom ' s 1999 winner of two honorary society awards, the cider house rules, be its willingness to sound out what ' s on its mind without retain backward to prevent break audiences. the sheer and honest message hallstrom conveys with chocolat will no doubt outrage a choice group of viewers, but those who are uncoerced to freeze their bitterness because they feel they are being intimidated or attacked should come up themselves to be in agreement with what the film says about narrow - mindedness. chocolat centers information technology account around the small gallic settlement of lansquenet, where majority rules, and the majority lives by only unitary police force: faith. the bulk of the townsfolk (with few exceptions) are preparing for the sacred fourth dimension of abstention, lent, but when the main thinking, on the face of it non - religious vianne rocher (juliette binoche) and her daughter anouk (victoire thivisol) make the village their home, the people will be tempt beyond belief by the mouth - watering confections in the chocolate shop vianne opens. many be predictably opposed and deep offended by vianne ' s opening of the chocolate shop just in time for lent, especially the mayor, isidore auguste marie francois comte de reynaud (a cartoon - like alfred molina ), who will stop at nothing to put her stunned of business sector. on the other hand, the workshop is a pleasure to others, including the cranky armande voizin (judi dench ), world health organization sits day by day in vianne ' s shop, telling the single mother about her unfortunate detached relationship with her grandson (aurelien parent - koening ), which amount as a result of his female parent (carrie - ann moss) believing armande is a bad influence, as she does not bind the same, strict spiritual beliefs that she does. also a fan of the chocolate is the unquiet crash josephine muscat, whose husband be constantly beat her, to whom vianne offers a place and befriends. juliette binoche is charming and honest as vianne, genuinely capturing her character ' s determination to turn the narrow - minded townspeople into to a greater extent happy, independent human beings, but most of chocolat ' s winner exist unquestionably a final result of the noteworthy performances of the supporting actresses. lena olin, previously nominated for an oscar in 1989, deserves her second nomination for her earnest, move portrayal of a lost, scared woman torn between staying true to her battering, manipulative husband or bequeath him to subsist the life which for which she longs. judi dench is sharp, incisive, and occasionally greatly touching as armande voizin. carrie ann - moss, in what be probable to be her world class largely noticed (and acclaimed) role since the matrix, shows a more solid face of her acting skills not previously find, craft a character that the viewer both sympathizes with and despises simultaneously. victoire thivisol shows much promise as anouk, a untried girl hope her always - on - the - move female parent will finally settle refine. a trade ad for chocolat sums up good the power the actresses have on projection screen with the tagline: " fivesome extraordinary fair sex, one sinful moving picture. " that ' s not to say the men don ' t do their portion, though: alfred molina makes for a sly and utterly repugnant antagonist, hugh o ' conor adds rather a bit of comic relief as the priest world health organization seems to not still hump why he is who he is, and johnny depp gives a potent performance as the pirate roux, who enters the film late in the game and sparks the romantic interest of vianne. the technological aspects of chocolat be strong across the board: lasse hallstrom directs his enchanting fable with keen precaution, perfectly balancing the elements of each genre to follow found within the film. cinematographer roger pratt brings an atmospheric, fairy tale look to the film, and rachel portman ' s masterful score be her best and almost memorable since the cyder house regulation. chocolat, adapted by robert nelson jacobs from the joanne harris novel, be a wonderful little treat of a film, nonpareil that will most likely win over the spirit of audiences and the right to vote of academy fellow member this winter, and the aggressive financial support of miramax films assures the latter. while non as potent as the cider house rules, lasse hallstrom ' s chocolat is a pic which works on all levels - as a drama, a comedy, a fable, a romanticism, and a fairy tale. and it still be up to its epithet: information technology is delightful to savor the gustatory sensation of, easy to digest, and, alike all excellent chocolate, it is memorable for twenty four hours afterward. the bottom line: chocolat is pure pleasure. 