in dec of 1996, a petty motion picture called " screech, " constitute released, became a box - office staff smash, and resurrected moving picture targeted at teens. foremost, it was teen slasher movies that were the big fad (both " scream " movies, " i know what you do last summertime, " " urban legend, " etc. ), but just recently, the popularity hold switched over to the teen comedy music genre (a ' la ' 80s john hughes ), starting with last june ' s " can ' t scarcely wait. " it may be the first week of apr in 1999, but hence far this year we have been given a movie aimed at the twenty five - and - nether market almost every single workweek: " varsity blues, " " jawbreaker, " " cruel intention, " " simply irresistible, " " the craze: carrie 2, " and " the mod squad. " number april 9 are 2 more of this type: " ne'er constitute kissed " and " live, " and on april 23, we ' ve got the teen caustic remark " election " and the teen horror - comedy " dead hands. " jeesh! out of all of these moves, however, the one that constitute most exchangeable to the latest incarnation, " ten things i detest about you, " is this preceding january ' s mediocre, holmium - humming " she ' s all that. " although similar in plotting (all right, darn near identical ), " ten things i hate about you, " a modern - day version of shakespeare ' s " the taming of the shrew " (" she ' s all that " got its inspiration from " pygmalion " ), is an infinitely superior film in every department, from the smart direction by first - time feature director gil junger to the charming and comfortably - written screenplay by karen mccullah lutz and kirsten smith to the striking ensemble cast, who give the best mathematical group of performances in a teen comedy since 1985 ' s " the breakfast club. " and to transcend it all off, in the inevitable culmination set at the prom, at least we didn ' t have to once again suffer through a goofy, inappropriate dance sequence (world health organization could forget, or want to remember, for that matter, this ludicrous development in " she ' s all that? " ). the day wide - eyed, diffident new student cameron epistle of james (joseph gordon - levitt) starts schooling at seattle - based padua high, he be swept away at the pot of the beautiful and popular sophomore, bianca stratford (larisa oleynik ). although he doesn ' t know gallic, he purposefully learns some of information technology just so he can tutor her, but finds that her paranoid gynecologist father (larry miller) won ' t allow her to date until her bitterness, unconventional old sister, kat (julia stile ), a senior, decide to. kat, of course, has sworn remove the likes of boys, but cameron sets out to regain individual that will be the perfect match for her, which is exactly what atomic number 2 finds in the form of the rebellious st. patrick verona (heath ledger ). complicating matters, cameron ' s dorky ally, michael (david krumholtz ), decides to use a wealthy jock, joey (andrew keegan ), world health organization also has his mess set on bianca, as a pawn so that atomic number 2 volition pay patrick to get kat to go out with him, and then cameron hopes to steal bianca away from joey. as you can figure, " 10 things 1 hate astir you " includes a huge number of characters, some of which i haven ' t still mentioned, such as kat ' s shakespeare - obsessed friend, mandella (susan crataegus laevigata pratt) and bianca ' s materialistic fellow, chastity (gabrielle union ). at a short, but well - used running time of 98 minutes, all of the characters are perfectly handled, gratifyingly developed, and, for the most part, constitute not treated as caricatures (another flaw of " she ' s all that, " where the bad guys (and gals) run around constantly say, " you ' re vapor " ). since single could sympathize with the realistic depictions of the primal persona, and since many of the comedic and dramatic scenes were surprisingly effective, i get completely caught up in all of the relationships and was soundly entertained. by from a respectable screenplay, information technology ' s the performances that can make operating theatre break a moving picture show, and music director junger has really hit the jackpot. away from joseph gordon - levitt (" 3rd rock from the sun " ), world health organization have his strongest functioning to date here, none of the actors are that well - known, but information technology is this aspect that lend a particular cheekiness to the proceedings. as the main reference of kat, julia stile (utmost look in the miniseries " the ' 60s ") is marvelous and always believable, and certainly has a bright hereafter before of her. even though it is her role that is ab initio the most difficult and hard - edged, it was easy to identify with kat ' s way of thinking (she exist against the empty headed tradition of the promenade and loves reading sylvia sylvia plath ), and i completely admired her individuality. no one, i call up, could have present her every bit perfectly as stiles serve. heath ledger, as the notorious bad - son of the townspeople, injects much liveliness into patrick, and experience a lot of chemistry with stile. one other histrion of note personify larisa oleynik who, with the help of screenwriters lutz and smith, is able to turn bianca into a mortal with multi - dimensions, even though she is accurately self - rivet at the on - set. in 1 truthful scene, cameron angrily ask her if she has always been so selfish, and bianca grudgingly realizes that yes, she has. unrivaled off - beat element of the movie, and a source of some hearty jape, personify the path that the school ' s staff human action, which is strikingly unformal. allison janney, as the guidance counselor mb. perky, who is writing a trashy harlequin romance novel, is comic dynamite, as is daryl " chill " mitchell as the english instructor, who reads shakespeare to the class in rap and, at unitary detail, sends kat to the office because, for once, she actually thinks one of his assignments is rattling good. although there comprise a few cheap laugh that are throw into the film near the beginning, most of it actually works, especially in the humorous and witty dialogue exchange and quirkiness between the characters. in one real funny scene, celibacy asks, " atomic number 53 fuck people commode be flood out, and they can constitute underwhelmed, but can people scarcely represent. .. whelmed? " at another point, bianca and kat ' s father (a stand - out larry miller ), who is forever terrified that his daughters are going to get pregnant, only allows bianca to go to the prom on one occasion: before she go out, she has to put on the heavy avoirdupois suit he has so she will get an melodic theme of what it ' s like to exist pregnant. " tenner things 1 hate astir you " once and for all proves that there is still life in the teen funniness genre, and this moving picture is probably more resonant of the cracking john charles evans hughes than any other film of the ' 90. it as well helps that the movie deliver a perfectly - assembled soundtrack, mingle indie - rock with unexampled wave ' 80s song (and with, thank goodness, no tap ). by the film ' s end, information technology actually had me rooting for sure characters to get together, and i was also quite proud of with how everything was wrapped up, especially in the final scene require african tea and bianca, kat and her father, and a flawlessly - acted and moving sequence in which african tea gets up to read the poem she has written for her english class (this is where the title comes from ). luckily, one doubt i would be able to find ten thing one detest about " 10 things i detest about you, " but the positive view of the film far taboo - number x. 