in the idealistic scheme of mel mel columcille gerard gibson picture show, vengeance was better than conspiracy theory, but not as good as braveheart operating theater lethal weapon. in other words, it ' s a enough couple of hours of entertainment, but 20 years from now if a they accumulate a list of mel gibson ' s enceinte hits, payback in all probability get ahead ' t be on it. mel gibson play a crook world health organization gets double queer by his partner after they heist a payroll. mel ' s spouse need the money to pay dispatch a mob debt. so he puts a couple of bullets in mel, allow him for dead, and go on to pay off his creditor. but, mel international relations and security network ' t dead (information technology would be a substantial short movie if helium was) and he sure isn ' t happy. to lay down thing unsound, he wants his money back and be willing to proceed to any lengths to accomplish this effort. his ex husband partner accept already used information technology to pay dispatch the mobsters, so mel goes after the family to get information technology back. payback is often a really violent movie. to its reference, there are a few scenes that could have represent very pictorial, but the director (i ' m not sure which one - - more about that in a second) made the choice to get the audience use their imagination rather of subjecting us to the usual gratuitous gore found in many films. the moving picture show appears a bit disjointed in place, which be apprehensible considering manufacturer / maven gibson wasn ' t thrilled with how the film turn kayoed and wanted parts of it re - guess. when the theater director refused, another one be brought in to cause the rhenium - shoot. so as a event while the concluding product be apparently better than the original (although personally i would love to see the original adaptation for comparisons sake) it fare get under one's skin a bit of a jerky feel to it towards the end. information technology ' s always elusive to stool a film where the main reference is a villain, unless that person has some redeeming qualities. in this case, gibson ' s character has few redeem quality. but hey, information technology mel, so even when he be killing multitude in cold pedigree we are still rout for him. my surmise is that if that you put some early johnny bananas actor in this role, the audience would non be quite as responsive. charles dana gibson is gibson, whether atomic number 2 is play a suicidal cop or a gemstone cold blooded killer, he does a full job. he nigh guarantee that no matter what else happens in the residual of the motion picture show at least the audience is going to get one good carrying into action. this time out mel is fence by a near supporting shape, including maria bello (as his love interest ), william devane and kris kristofferson (as mod bosses ). the man world health organization steals the show and alas doesn ' t take a real heavy part constitute james coburn (as yet another gangster ). if i had unmatchable expectant dashing hopes in this celluloid, information technology would be that coburn didn ' t have a bigger role. in the closing, payback is a fair solid action mechanism thriller, but not in quite the same conference as some of mel mel columcille gerard gibson ' atomic number 16 other work. 