meet joe black be your classical boy - meets - girl, boy - likes - girl, boy - get - kill - in - horrible - accident, supernatural - entity - takes - over - boy ' s - torso, supernatural - entity - falls - in - love - with - girl story. based on the 1934 film death call for a vacation, meet joe shameful is a well play romantic drama which explores the meaning of animation and love. william maxfield parrish (anthony hopkins) represent a billionaire man of affairs on the brink of his sixty fifth natal day. atomic number 2 has make a huge medium imperium, and raised two beautiful daughters, allison (marcia gay harden) and susan (claire forlani ). william has been able to negociate his elbow room out of many problematical spots. .. but he get all of a sudden begun fearing his own mortality, the nonpareil situation helium won ' t comprise able to talk his way out of. and he has good understanding to fear, for death himself is haunt him. nevertheless, death has a deal to realise. death take shoot possession of a human beings who has late died (brad second earl of chatham ), and wants william to be his templet in a holiday among the keep. in return, william gets to live a few extra day. of course, he agrees. death, nether the human name of " joe sinister ", gets to experience life as a pure inexperienced person. he never before has live the elementary pleasures of a resilient matters or peanut vine butter. and he ' s not quite equate for the more complex pleasures when he and susan fall in erotic love. just, is their affair destine to an early dying? at nearly iii hours in distance, meet joe black is a small bit on the leisurely side, though information technology never gets boringly lengthy. rather, the film gets a chance to develop some nicely textured fictitious character and situations. you get to soak in and enjoy the atmosphere, instead than be hastily rushed through it. the romantic slant works intimately, though, surprisingly, the interactions between joe fateful and william parrish are more interesting than those with his girl. this is nigh likely due to anthony hopkins, who once again displays his superb behave acquisition. william is a desperate man world health organization has had a seemingly idealistic life, and doesn ' t desire to let information technology proceed. by contrast, claire forlani follow merely the romantic sake. she gets to show joe the ropes of love, but personify hardly as occupy a quality. as joe black, brad william pitt seem a bit stilted. granted, he ' s supposed to be tabu - of - place, but the too conventional proficiency used by pitt begins to distract from the role. still, atomic number 2 is able to hold his own, and terminated the course of the three time of day, his character begins to spring up on you. the main type world health organization seems forbidden of place hither be drew (jake weber ), an ambitious executive in williams ' fellowship who live joe black ' s main rival for susan ' s affections. weber plays the character with a hammy relish reminiscent of snidley whiplash. this cartoonish transparency an aberration in a film filled many more dimensional character. the supernatural elements of the film are do by murkily, only ne'er distractingly so. we ne'er hear what is the exact nature of death, surgery why atomic number 2 ' s never done something like this before. it actually get a mo creepy crawly when death talk to the dying in their own voices / accent. ( his initial conversation with hopkins sound shockingly similar hannibal lecter. .. ) and the ultimate answer to unmatchable of the film ' s supernatural problem seem, well, somewhat trivial. still, even with the film ' s length, it was a pleasant sentence at the motion picture, something you wouldn ' t needs expect from a film astir decease. .. but one which meet joe black delivers anyhow. 