this cost a cinema about enigma, some that are devoid similar those of a cute little farm lady friend, frances boyd (ashley ). others that are between a marital couple that is impact their relationship, like the problems of infertility affecting this upwardly mobile couple, geoffrey gaines (stephen ramsey ), the medical researcher forge for a big corporation called fex and striving to get a patent for his experiment and become recognized in his field, and his artist wife, lillian (miriam healy - louie ), world health organization reluctantly stands behind her husband suppressing her natural esthetic tendencies in order to make the wedding study. and, still former mystery that have a greater implication for the world and are deadly in a political sensation, of science carry proscribed by the big potbelly corresponding it was a business running for the bottom line. receiving a summer grant to study " chemo - electric therapy, " geoffrey and his married woman are hoping that a summertime expend away from the intensity of the big city will bring back the romance that is dwindling from their wedding and that the familiarity of the nation atmosphere will give them more time together, as their three - year marriage has become shaky because he is more concerned in his work than he is in her. he has slyly managed to keep his work as secretive as possible by locking himself in the laboratory, which is turned limits to her, as he on the qt goes about impart experimentation on rats and mice, convincing her that what he is doing is to benefit world with possible new treatments and curative to malady. his main disputation is, that this is what the public desire, they get into ' t want to hear about how some animals had to die because of these experiments, they just want the benefits of science. that he is depicted as a monster creating another monster, much like frankenstein represent created, is the contestation skewed by the director against his spoiled science (scientific discipline as a business) as oppose to the good skill (skill that cares about the small farmer ), which is represented by the handsome and almost perfect gentleman, alex vine (jacques louis david ), a young ecologist who chooses to work in the field, trying to get the farmers to choke back to organic farming. he is hired by the university to monitor the dangers of pesticide and all the chemicals the farmer be almost forced to expend to survive financially, as it is doing irreparable harm to him and the consumer because of all the health risks bond to this new way of farming, methods that have scarce hail more or less in the last thirty - years and be being pushed by the big companies to enhance their profit margins. the third position in all this be the artist ' s, represent by lillian, who points out that the artist ' s work be shew in public and scrutinized constantly, " why shouldn ' t the same constitute true of the scientist? " she argues that the creative person is the guard dog for the world, questioning what constitute good or evil in smart set, something that bad skill has completely ignored. geoffrey, impatient to get onward with his research, feels bogged down by the bureaucrats in his firm who betray to provide him with the three chimps he needs to experiment on, as he contacts one of the ship's company ' reciprocal ohm higher ups to argue his case, but decides he can ' t wait any longer for their help, so he sets an animal trap in the countryside and catches chester, the gorgeous pet weenie of frances, a dog that intend so much to her and her family because he saved her life. while out in the field with the bloodied trapped hot dog already in the hind place of his car, he be make out by alex and one of his co - workers, and nervously invites them to dinner with his married woman, afraid that alex will spot what he be doing, as he rushes away from the area. in the dinner setting that was, unfortunately, unconditionally done, but was however the heart of the film, as all the main characters get a chance to speak out from the point of view they represent as they eat on meat, a means of have protein that the extremist scientists have eschewed since they became and so politically right about everything. the scientist engage in a intellectual argument, highlighting their different points of horizon, while lillian reacts in an worked up way, side mostly with david ' s view but coming at it from a much different angle. it was as if the actors were puppets on strings that the director ascertain and they scarce spew out their generalized philosophies. that the director ' s item of prospect is perfectly correct, is beside the point. the detail be that the characters lost their humanity and became ane - dimensional characters. geoffrey was likened to a hideous monster, alex vine was liken to his final name, the one who guard fast to the ground secure that the plant have stability, while lillian was likened to the muse of poetry and artistry, the inspiration for goodness and beauty. alex has been spending a lot of time together with lillian, as these two seem to share the same view and be physically attracted to each other, but when the clock time is ripe for an affair to take place between them, lillian changes her mind and decide not to go astir to alex ' s flat. geoffrey is already untrusting of alex and considers him an enemy, and the man and wife seems to be coming apart and all his cunning tricks to have her are no longer turn, as information technology is now impossible to see any good in him and there become no reason wherefore she would remain with him. the kinship ingest disintegrated way beyond the point of her barely impression lonely. the dog is discovered by alex and her in a deplorable dos after geoffrey be run into by them electrically scandalize it, and mercifully the dog dies. the lonesome thing left for her to execute is walk taboo of the wedding, just she also fails to respond to david ' s loving gesture for her to stay with him, rather prefer to head back to the city. the farmer whose firedog was tortured to death come into the scientist ' s science laboratory and knocks him cold while he was in the middle of a phone conversation with one of the higher - ups world health organization told him all the animals he take are on the elbow room. what is advance? what pot one expect tabu of life? is the modest james leonard farmer about to become extinct? the answer to these questions can best be answered by either honest science operating theatre fine art, which are both closely related to the american natives vision of a earth entrusted to mankind so that atomic number 2 can respect it and take care of it and enrich it with his foundation to benefit mankind in a peaceful way. that this work fails to make up subtle and polarizes opinions, exit no room for deep arguments, is the shame of this decent and smart film, that tried thus hard to say what it felt it had to say but said it so loudly without believe information technology audience to catch on to its message by not making everything look so black and white. no recounting said a lot about the harmful trend it sees scientific discipline going in; information technology probably said too much and would have embody better off if its imagination was more poetical and to a lesser extent didactical. there is something about hear to a lecture that turns off the rebel in me, as one wear ' mt like being strike in the head with the truth but prefer to have it presented in the form that leads to divine guidance or told metaphorically. that is not to say that i found the film without considerable meritoriousness, that inspite of its shortcoming, it was worth seeing because of its visual statements, though they were also not too subtle, they were at least effective in set up the intense mood that the film needed to show that there is a mental warfare going on currently, of those who believe unmatched way is correct and others who differ with them, and that anyone who is neutral must be considered an enemy because of their indifference. the wager in this ecological struggle are that gamy. perhaps the most powerful ocular statement in the film, was the dead moo cow from pesticide show in the first step scene. it was the image that lillian spend her meter paint all summertime and had the same affect for her as serve the animal faces in picasso ' sec guernica had for him. both artists envisioned the horrors that man could do against the public, and represented this wordless pain on the faces of the animals so that anyone world health organization cares to really see what be going on, will not mistake which english of the fence he or she should be on. the pain that lillian feels, as she forgets astir her desires to raise a family, and she stares at her painting of the cow and the song, " make the world go away " blares come out of the closet from the background, after she has learned that frances ' beautiful and loving dog has been brutalized by her fiend of a hubby, all in the name of science, had a raw mightiness to it that personalizes the dangers of bad skill. perhaps, the to the highest degree pertinent question the film asks, requires an reply that must be resolved by the farmers and the consumers world health organization are to the highest degree caught in the changing world and it new way of doing business, as the interrogative sentence become, buns science be happily married with art? 