renown surrealist managing director, the lxxvii - year - old frenchman alain resnais (hiroshima, mon affaire / last class at marienbad / chiliad? lo ), has created a lighthearted musical play as an homage to britisher dennis ceramicist and his pennies from eden (1978 goggle box serial, 1981 movie) and the singing detective (1986 ). the film follows potter ' s gimmicky dash of having the characters jump into lip - synched erstwhile operating theatre contemporary french pop songs to express their private thoughts. he too follows the kind of sweetness and colorful musical comedy his fellow countryman jacques demy have sex to head, such as " the umbrellas of cherbourg " and " the young missy of rochefort. " the tale has resnais ' s unique speck as a director to go along with his homage. it is a sarcasm astir class differences and come down in love with the haywire person, and that in that location is a song in everyone ' s centre for every occasion. what impede this production is that the stars are not portraying in particular engaging characters, the songs are non memorable and tolerate piddling prospect of being know by an american audience (the exceptions might be the edith piaf and maurice chevalier numbers ), and the farce seems more banal than daring. yet it is not without information technology striking moments and charms, such as when jane birkin do a cameo and sings one of her own song. also, the glossy amberlike photography sum a very french romantic flavour to the story, while the mode of paris as being a seat for love to flourish above all else, which has always been embellished in motion picture show lore, comes through with flying colors. information technology also does a unspoilt job of showing you the way paris is in the 1990s and in the way average the great unwashed exist there. it tells the amatory story of sixer parisians who become intertwined with each other in their average life as they seek for happiness. they embody the attractive sisters odile (sabine azimuth? mammy) and camille (agnes jaoui ), with the older businesswoman odile married and emphatically arrange on a conservative liveliness of material comforts. she be married to the glum and crisp claude (pierre arditi ). she once went kayoed with a man of affairs, nicolas (jean - capital of south dakota bacri ), who left her eighter from decatur - years ago and now shows up in genus paris and involve her help to find someone to rent a flat for his family. simon (andre dussolier) works as a real - estate of the realm salesman and is try to find nicolas a flat, in his spare time helium writes receiving set plays. simon ' s boss is the very much younger, unscrupulous and arrogant marc duveyrier (lambert wilson ), who inherited the firm from his founder and is the real - estate agent selling a to a greater extent opulent and larger flat with a better view to odile, but fails to tell her that a building project be going up soon that leave block her view. screenwriters and thespian jean - capital of south dakota bacri and agnes jaoui wrote themselves the best parts. jaoui ' s camille is a university bookman finish up a ph. d. in story, using for her dissertation the study of ' the yeomen in the yr 1000 at lake paladru. ' she works as a go guide in the meantime and suffers from panic attacks, still though she appears to have externally gross self - dominance. on her tours for the final four years get been the much old simon, pretend to be doing enquiry for his plays but really attracted to her, but non having the nervus to tell her this. to his dismay, atomic number 2 finds out she comprise dating his mean - spirited but bounteous knob, whom she meets when looking at her sister ' s young place and seeing him crying only not realize that information technology be from a cold, not because he ' s so sensitive. bacri as the classy nicolas, turns ko'd to cost instantly working as a chauffeur. helium exist a hypochondriac with a account of depressive disorder who visits many doctor, until he find one world health organization tells him there is nothing wrong with him. odile all the same pine for him, but atomic number 2 ' s married, telling her he expects his wife to arrive soon. love live ' the same old call ' that makes the earthly concern plump ' round, yet when all the characters be liar and not exactly open to what their truthful motive are. everything come in concert in a bourgeois housewarming party for odile ' s place, as the characters reveal their true tone and all their deceptions and neurotic momentum follow either exposed or about to be. there ' s not a luck of bite to this satirical musical, simply resnais have never do a regretful film and is one of the good current french manager, if non the best. this film is not unrivalled his great ones, but it still have enough ginger in its light jot to represent interesting. information technology not exclusively has an unpaired way for the characters to offend into sung dynasty but - - some males even peach in a distaff voice while some female sing in a manly spokesperson. information technology is also interesting in the way information technology try it characters ' behavior as being similar in business as in beloved. 