did you ever wonder if dennis rodman was in reality from this planet? or if sylvester stallone was some kind of weird superfluous - terrestrial? i use to think that astir my 7th grade english teacher, ms. carey. but after seeing this flick, they crataegus laevigata have confirm my suspicions. as the story goes, at any sentence, there be over a thousand aliens living among us hither on earth. the human in black (mb) exist the watchdog that superintend the cosmic citizens, guardians of our beloved major planet from nasty - tempered aliens, and secret servicing to the stars. based in newfangled house of york urban center (where weird personify the norm ), the mib organization gives human form to our distance - faring outgoer so that they may take the air and exist among us unnoticed. but to impose the laws of earth, the m carry weapons that are powerful plenty to meet or exceed devastation quotas in one single blow. they bear other - worldly technology to wipe off people ' s unretentive - term memory when common tribe see the mib in action. and their best leads on cosmic thing - work - awry are the supermarket tabloid. little do we know that there be a good deal stronger struggle of good v. iniquity break down on in the depths of space. unity of the aliens - as - human on this planet be an important diplomat that is carrying something very precious. it holds the ' key ', literally, to universal peace treaty. a giant cockroach - like exotic before long get in on the planet and steals this ' key '. in the untimely alien hand (flippers? jowl? tentacles? ), it can comprise use as a arm. so, information technology must be recovered and returned to it ' s rightful owner. otherwise, to guarantee universal rubber, earth will be destroy, along with the ' primal '. now, it ' s the mib world health organization moldiness prevent this disaster. the mib agents on the case are " k ", play by tommy tsung dao lee jones. he is crustier than burnt toast and still more serious than al al gore. the stars in the sky no more longer spark wonder in his eyes. he is go with by a light minded greenhorn, " j ", played by will smith. just, despite this shoot - em - up, protect - world - from - demolition premise, this is nothing at all like a typical summertime activeness movie. and, this isn ' t an independency twenty four hour period knockoff. rather, this is a stylishly offbeat sci - fi clowning that pokes fun at what the government always denies? that there be real aliens that be here, and that the regime fare its darndest to cover them up. but to afford information technology some sentiency of excitement and to keep information technology within the parameter of the summer film recipe, there must be some variety of earthly concern - hangs - in - the - balance scenario. until now, this pic is very appealing. the abundance of wierdness (talking aliens, pee - wee atomizer, a mortician who ' lives ' for her oeuvre, and lots of yucky hemipteran and slime - splattering galore ), is played directly, like as if this constitute normal (of course, we are in nyc ). information technology gives it a deadpan smell, which makes information technology all the more suspect and odder. bobby jones bet the revered seen - information technology - all agent with seriousness and maturity. smith is appealing and makes a big comic partner to mother jones ' straight man turn. they snap corresponding dorothy ' s ruby red shoes. the look and feel of the movie is made even intimately with way from barry sonnenfeld (the addam ' s kinsfolk ). this guy take a knack for ' mediaeval ' comedy, and successfully transferee his macabre sense of wittiness onto the screen. and, an appropriate dose of special effect helps to bolster the oddity of their task without diverting attention from the human actor. the story moves well, and before you know it, the oddment credits are already rolling! the result is 100 minute deserving of play in the form of ewwwws and blechhhs, aaaahhhs and wows. allow the men in black protect and color your world. 