magnolia leave me relling from the theatre, staggering from the relentless assault of an adventurous managing director reveling in his craft. at near three and a half hour, magnolia will assume some as a fauna of a film. it not but require your attention, just challenges you to grasp the significance of on the face of it unrelated storylines and hidden intentions. it follow delirious, depressing, heady, pretentious, phantasmagorical filmmaking. it ' entropy also a moving picture show that will polarise its viewers. director paul doubting thomas anderson takes a gifted cast, wrap them in a net of interrelated stories and sets them spinning in a symphony of despair whose song doesn ' t let up until an oddly exhilerating, biblically influence pseudo - flood tide. the character ' s make up a modern mean solar day gomorrha in the soulless way in which they inhabit their life. there is forthright mackey (tom sail ), a slithery snake river charmer of men whose " search and destroy " seminar instruct how to mentally ravish a woman to get into her pants. there is earl partridge (jason robards ), a die media power languish to make amends for a lfe of callousness by rule his alienated son. thither equal game show host jimmy alligator (phillip baker hall ), a ego absorbed tv set icon world health organization be hiding more than a few secrets from his world. and there is police officeholder jim kurring (john c. reilly ), who cloaks himself in the codification of mastermind religious belief and the legal system of rules, perhaps masking a man world health organization call for rules to fuel his determination making process. give equal weight are stories involving a coke - woolly headed emotional cripple (melora walter ), a previous tv quiz appearance champion (william planck's constant. macy ). a bourgeois, extramarital married woman (julianne marianne moore ), a child (jeremy blackman) victimized by a mentally scurrilous parent, and a lovingness, empathetic nursemaid (philip jane seymour hoffman ). hovering over entirely these characters is a cloud of end, lie and desperation. it be not a pleasant movie. there be not one forged note in the playing. it is affecting and layered and terrific. at that place is a moment where tom cruise silently implodes that rivals work he has done in whole films. and so he tops himself with a mesmerizing deathbed setting. walters toy her character with crimson - eyed inexperience and a fierce self - destructiveness that cost anxiety inducing. robards convincingly present a fading whisper of a man, who yet hear a leo ' s roar when he speaks. director anderson have apparently given the doer lattitude to emote. the trouble be that he stays on them too long. julianne moore ' s character, linda, quickly escalates to a frenzied pitch shot of guilty conscience, snag, screaming and remorse and never back off from information technology. after a few hours, it turns from interesting to chinese piss distortion. quite a few scene, such as the biz show, go on precisely a bit too long and will be off - putting for those used to a pat 90 minute film where the main motif be ingeminate several times just in caseful you lack information technology the first drop dead around. and just what is the root? disaffection? hopelessness? anderson challenges you to draw your ain ending and helium doesn ' t get it easy. the picture starts by showing troika, strange and seemingly unrelated events. it ' s a forerunner of the synchronicity to amount. at fourth dimension, dissimilar stories reach orbit key moments at the same meter. former times, stories seem to swerve remove into uncharted territory, regardless of what else is happening. phil anderson be audacious plenty to even have a group sing in the middle of the photographic film! what ' s surprising is that information technology mostly works. if you have doubts about sherwood anderson ' s intentions, i ' ll ask you to pay care to the last frame. despite all the sturm und drang, magnolia at last speaks to man ' s capacitance for bob hope and attempts at redemption. despite magnolia ' s needlessly long running sentence and its propensity for uneven editing as anderson play the auteur, showing off fro the people, unity have to admire his guts. this is truly adventuresome filmmaking that spits in the face of schematic storytelling. my rating: a bulleye. ( virtuoso ) a side note: helping anchor the flick make up a utterly matched soundtrack feature aimee horace mann. her lyric poem oftentimes sum up deepness to a view thematically while the actual music is both morose and beautiful. when she sings " economize maine " at the conclusion, it enhances the yearning felt by the characters, only as " wise upward " mirrors the anguish felt by all as they contemplate their lives. 