underrated movies be a common reoccurrence in show business today. 1998 ' randomness ' hope floats ' be extremely underrated and be one of the best movies of the year. we always start films that wee bounteous money at the box - office but critics and audiences pan out on them. this twelvemonth ' dual jeopardy ' is nonpareil of those films. critics are calling it predictable and worthless, audiences are let down with it and consider it constitute a disappointment. but as i viewed ' double jeopardy ' i found that it was a majuscule movie, it has a surprising sensation of humor and a big dose of heart, along with heart - hammering suspense and twists and turns here and at that place it certainly be a really good movie. the constantly marvellous ashley judd plays libby parsons, a woman with a seemingly normal sprightliness: a great loving hubby, a beautiful son and a great friend. her husband nick parson has stool a surprisal for her and is going to bribe her the sailboat she has always want. after a night of bliss libby wakes up in the middle of the night to observe roue all over her and all over the sailboat, her husband embody missing and on that point is a blinking knife on pack of cards. of course being in electrical shock she plunk it up and a coast guard comes concluded and understand her. however she isn ' triiodothyronine like a shot ceased until they find out his life insurance be worth two - million buck and they begin to wonder rather she killed him for the money. she plead not - hangdog simply is found guilty and sent to prison for six days. while making a telephone call to her best supporter who adopted her boy for her and she hears him say hi to his papa, which makes libby ' s gist stop right thither. she realizes she must get out and prove that helium isn ' t dead, one of her cellular phone - felt up tells her that as long as she has been convicted of a law breaking she cannot be convicted of information technology over again. which means she can fritter away him in the middle of mardi gras and they cannot do anything about information technology. after she gets out she goes to a halfway house run by parole officer tommy lee side jones. atomic number 2 be a man who has had his share of bad thing. while come out for the day she breaks into a schooling and endeavor to cover down her tiddler and husband, leading up to some jaw - dropping twists that constitute both predictable and not. whatever happens the pic represent excellent to me. i found the writing well - write as substantially as the performing was great. ashley judd is such a talented and beautiful actress that she is a heron in a sort in this moving picture show. yet if you know what be going to bump in the terminal, you don ' t know how. this constitute one of those moving picture that you genuinely do know what is going to find, except you don ' t make out how they are going to name information technology happen. it could be ane way or another, it could comprise this way or that style. the movie exist highly stylized and extremely well - make. information technology gets most of information technology ' s power from the two leads: ashley judd and tommy robert e. lee inigo jones both give excellent performances. the characters comprise well - realise and believable and we feel libby ' s infliction when she cannot see her fry for 6 years. even though a lot of critics didn ' t similar the movie, i love it. the director claim his time making the movie, and frame a lot of shade in the motion picture. i observe information technology non to be boring at all and information technology ' s only flaw comes from some predictability. it move at a fast stride, has suspense, humor, ticker and great playing. information technology earns information technology ' s ripe to make up a great movie and to pine tree state that ' s what it was. 