yet if i did not know that director and co - writer james iv wong and jeffrey reddick of the creepy last goal helped create the hit tv set show the x - files, iodine would sustain inevitably made a connection. the similarities are really patent from the inexplicable phenomenon - like plot of ground, to the mysterious theatrical role, to the overall nighttime, menacing settings. information technology would have been perfectly match to meet fbi agents mulder and scully investigate this case, they witness stuff like this on a weekly basis (in fact mulder and scully would have been a much more welcome change to the bland one dimensional federal bureau of investigation agentive role seen in this movie ). another more important law of similarity, make up that both succeed in entertaining and thrilling at the same time. this is a great accomplishment for a teen horror picture, especially when compared to some of the trash, of the same genre, release in the last couple of geezerhood (urban legend and i even know what you did net summer are classic examples from the bunch ). what helps final destination be its unique assumption. unlike your average horror motion picture in which some invincible psychotic with a knife chamfer light haired cheerleaders, the villain represent represent unusual, information technology ' s the sick reaper. this being already has predestined when and how you volition die. accord to the abbreviated story lesson give in this film, everyone was meant to give up the ghost at a sure time, some people at 100, others at 17, whatsoever destruction chooses. what constitute unique about death is that it ' s already dead, so you rear ' t actually kill it. the only way to defeat death is to cheat information technology; the inquiry be how serve you do that? this quandary be what face alex and a group of teenagers. alex has be possess some dreams that the airplane which will engage his social class on a trip to paris will crash, leaving no survivor. alex begins to realize that his ambition be a small too real and finally gets himself and six others give up off the airplane right before it takes off. shortly after, the aeroplane does indeed crash leave some of the seven survivor confused and others feeling immortal. however, destruction isn ' t through with with them even. it gradually kills off the seven 1 by unitary, leaving those presently still active frantically trying to play a joke on death again. the patch give up for some of the most creative, original death scenes ace have seen in a spell. some scenes build up up the consummate amount of tension until an detailed climax, others be so unexpected they will leave your jaw wide loose in blow. creativeness and originality are two adjective lacking in most repulsion picture nowadays but final destination is not similar most revulsion films. sure as shooting, information technology has your traditional plowshare of jerks and outsiders (ali larter ' s character be particularly annoying ), but the shock, from the source to the end, represent extremely entertaining. also director wong cause the sense not to take the motion picture show too badly. he screw it precisely another hold shamefaced pleasure that won ' t win any academy honour (not even a golden globe ). the myriad of inside jokes and gag (the characters are named after famous horror directors, i character who plays a jerk is named carter, similar go - single file creator chris carter, and a song by john denver, world health organization died in a plane crash, plays whenever death follow near) show this movie is a bunch of guys having a good time make a movie. and from this, i have a large time watching the movie. 