once upon a clock time a solitary devil named shrek (mike myers) be really annoyed to discover that his swamp had been invade by three screen mice, seven spot dwarves and all the other fairy tale characters in the land, banished from their home by lord farquaad (john lithgow ). unknowingly befriend by a non - stop sing donkey (eddie spud ), shrek travel to dulloc to speak with farquaad, where he falter into a tilt and comes up the winner. his prize? to pull through princess fiona (cameron diaz) from a towboat surrounded by molten flame and protect by a dragon so she tail end become farquaad ' s saint bridget. the ogre concord to the task in coming back for produce his lone lifestyle back in " shrek. " information technology claim four writers (ted elliott and terrycloth rossio (" the road to el dorado " ), roger s. total heat. schulman (" balto ") and joe stillman (" beavis and butthead do america ") ) to adapt william steig ' s child ' southward ledger. the defective news? they ' ve genericized an already elementary plotline while heavily under the influence of william emma goldman ' s " the princess bride. " the unspoilt news? thither ' due south so much wacky humor culled from both fairy story and popular culture that this movie should stay fresh you in stitches. we arrest our maiden inkling that we ' atomic number 75 in for a real treat as one of farquaad ' s men, intent on rounding up magical creatures offers ' five schilling for the demoniacal boy! ' after observing dreamworks ' rendition of walter elias disney ' s animated pinocchio. meantime within the castle walls, a gingerbread military personnel being tortured by farquaad spittle ice and yells ' eat me! ' before breaking down and solemnly call for ' get along you know the gem man? ' shrek, a green behemoth with bobbly antennae - similar ears, is a grumpy solitary who really yearns to fit in (although world health organization could put up with his habit of take a shit candles from his ain ear wax? ). equus asinus constitute a hyperactive, endearingly scrubby creature who can talk and, hence, believe bequeath create a great misfit pairing with the disobliging shrek. donkey try his deserving sweet talking the princess - guarding dragon. the princess prove to constitute more than a shade offbeat after learn she ' due south not catch the fairy tale issue rescue she ' s cost expecting. when fiona ' s lawful colors are exhibit (including opportunies for some hoydenish gross taboo humor ), a spark produce between her and shrek. the script ' sulfur item are gleefully arch, constantly poking fun at walt disney from the theme park world of farquaad ' s dulloc with its turnstyle entrance and ' it ' s a small world ' spoof of an information booth to the blue fowl which match a most un - disneyish fate after duetting with fiona ' snow white ' style. popular culture is typify with film reference to " sister " and " charlies ' angels " via " the intercellular substance. " myers chooses his ' so 1 marry an axe manslayer ' scottish brogue for shrek in order to afford his articulation some heft. while this may shew distracting for anyone familiar with that film, overall information technology works more than non. eddie murphy steals the show as the fast - lecture, motor city - singing domestic ass, proving once again his talent as a vocal performer (is it another wink at walter elias disney that donkey is paired with a dragon, a animal irish potato portrayed in disney ' s ' mulan? ' ). lithgow ' s a good pick for the supercilious, height - challenge villain godhead farquaad. diaz represent energetic but at long last characterless voicing princess fiona. ( a salutary choice would have been minnie driver, world health organization ' s proven herself a terrific vocal endowment in such diverse animations as walter elias disney ' s " tarzan of the apes, " " princess mononoke " and the " south ballpark " flick. ) the computer animation looks wondrous (specially domestic ass ), although information technology won ' t elicit the types of oohs and aahs of pixar ' s work (" miniature story, " " a bug ' s life, " " toy story 2 " ). in preserve with its hip style, pop music is utilize, which same myer ' s voice may cost initially jarring, but at long last satisfies (while surveying bridal candidates via a ' dating game ' parody broadcast by snow white ' s evil queen ' s mirror, farquaad is told ' fiona likes pina coladas ' - cue jimmy buffet! ). " shrek " have safe lessons for thomas kid and humor targetted at every age group in the family. while it may be derivative of the 1987 ' s " the princess bride, " " shrek " treat a new multiplication with exchangeable sensibilities and doesn ' t suffer in the comparing. 