robert robert redford is very good at play character who have incredible, god - give gifts, merely be able to act like ordinary people. in " the natural " (1984 ), he played the fallen angelic character of roy hobbs, the baseball player who be destined to be " the good there ever so be, " just nevertheless dissemble like a modest farm male child. in " dike cassidy and the sundance nipper " (1969 ), he was the well nigh dangerous shot in the west, yet he come off like a nix more than a boyishly honest - looking charmer. even in " indecent proposal " (1993 ), where he make for a man world health organization was so in effect at making money that he believed he could buy love, charles robert redford was still able to exudate an aura of shy decency, especially when reciting a story of lost beloved. in his former film, " the sawhorse whisperer, " based on the dear - selling new by saint nicholas evans, redford over again plays such a character. redford also directed the film although helium swore upwards and down that he would never head himself in a movie - iodine suppose the grapheme of tomcat booker, a man who has the amazing gift of understanding and somehow communicating with horse cavalry, comprise exactly too good to pass up. despite his enormous and rare gift when it comes to training troubled horses (a cartridge holder article mint the phrase " horse whisperer " to describe his uncanny talent ), booking agent sees himself as an everyday cattle rancher whose groovy fear follow growing old and no longer having a purpose in life. booker ' s talents cost tax into serving by annie maclean (kristin scott st. thomas ), a new york magazine editor whose daughter, gracility (scarlett johansson ), exist recently in a horrible chance event. the accident, which is filmed with gut - wrick revulsion, happens when grace and her best friend are prohibited riding horse cavalry - an eighteen - wheeler kill grace ' s protagonist, severely wounds and traumatizes thanksgiving ' s horse, pilgrim father, and causes grace to lose part of her right peg. annie conceive that if pilgrim can be healed, grace will make up healed as easily, which leads her to booking agent. at first, she try to get booker to follow to novel york to see the sawhorse, but that doesn ' t work. instead, she pack improving grace and pilgrim father, leaves her husband, robert (sam neill) behind, and heads for the rolling hills of montana where booker runs a ranch with his sidekick, dog (chris gary cooper ), and his sister - in - law, diane (dianne wiest ). in many ways, the film is like a journeying, both literally and symbolically. the move out west take in always been a great american custom of refilling, and it ' s hard non to learn annie and grace ' s leaving manhattan for montana as a variant on the classic theme of city vs. country. in " the knight whisperer, " country is distinctly the victor. the city be characterized by claustrophobia and unhappiness, and it is not until the characters arrive in the wide - assailable spaces of montana that grace ' s choler at being physically and emotionally crippled begin to dissipate, annie ' s control nature begins to unbend, and pilgrim once again teach to trust people. charles robert redford is just as in love with the sublime mt country in this film as he embody when he point " a river runs through information technology " six years ago. in many ways, " the horse cavalry whisperer " come from the same poetical vena as " river, " and the movie could probably constitute a good fifteen minutes shorter if redford had decided to drop less tv camera - time on the pasture and mountains. but and then, that would ruin the conjuring trick. a good deal of the celluloid ' second photography exist truly elegant, and it creates a tangible horse sense of the sheer expansiveness of the land. to further emphasize this, redford and cinematographer robert ralph richardson (" natural born killers, " " platoon ") cheated a bit by shooting the root of the film - which takes place in new york - with mostly cold, abrasive blue filters and a more squarish 1. 85: 1 aspect ratio; when the action mechanism shifts to montana, richardson switches to soft - focus and natural lighting, and the screen widens to a 2. xxxv: ane aspect ratio. in condition of the level itself, " the horse whisperer " gives us the same romanticized view of adultery found in david lean ' sec " a brief encounter " (1945) and clint eastwood ' s 1995 adaptation of henry martyn robert saint james the apostle waller ' s " the bridges of madison county " (richard lagravenese, co - screenwriter hither also adapted " bridges " ). although " the horse whisperer " get a warm romantic sensibility, i yet find something oddly upset astir this kind of floor. it seems to me that there should embody some sympathy for the married man who ' due south being go forth behind for this brief, heart - sweeping affair, but there seldom live. in " the horse whisperer, " the thankless role of follow the fuddy - duddy hubby fall to sam neill. he plays the character as a decent, grueling - working human who live a in effect husband and padre; his only failure be that he loves his wife more than she loves him. he equal at hazard of losing annie to booker non because he did anything to drive her forth, just simply because he happen to be a normal, fairly uninspiring man. there cost unitary scene that be peculiarly tell apart of how the movie feels about each character. it shows booker and robert going into a horse pen - booker is dressed like a definitive cowboy with hat and all, while robert looks middling frumpish and forbidden - of - place in a baseball game cap. as they infix the pen, booker assuredly swing music over the fence, while robert hesitates, then open the gate and, in a goofy moment, forgets to close down it behind him. it ' s a modest scene, but information technology clearly demonstrates the movie ' reciprocal ohm exhaustive honey of the booker reference for his romantic roughness. after all, booker represents everything respectable astir the city while robert represents everything banal and affected astir it. the expert view in " the gymnastic horse whisperer " tend to involve not the building romance between booker and annie, but rather the healing cognitive process of grace and her sawhorse. although booker ' s buck - training methods are mythical and unrealistic, the scenes with him and pilgrim father are strangely spellbind. these are paralleled by the scene between him and good will, some of which are humourous, and all of which are tender and true. at some point, unity wished the picture would drop the unscathed romance angle and focus on good will more. notwithstanding, redford is evidently a romantic at heart, and he brings a light speck to the titillating moments in the film. there are no dramatic sex panorama, simply there is a affect picture when he and scott thomas are irksome - dancing, always moving ever so closer in concert, that is far more titillating than any scene of sweaty bodies grinding together. although the movie is long than it should be and is essentially a melodramatic tearjerker with an unsatisfying conclusion that ensure unhappiness for just about every character, at that place are enough moments like that which clear " the equus caballus whisperer " worth the price of access. 