well single ' ll equal damned. .. the canadian river can make a good motion picture. the world be coming to an last. we don ' thyroxine have it off why or how, but apparently there is no direction to halt it. the world has had this data for month, as most of the riot and other sundry topsy turvyness has passed and governments have shut down operations. yet for a handful of toronto citizen, life conk on. they aren ' t proceed crazy or attacking multitude in the streets. instead they are only ready themselves for the end. .. some engaging in activity they ' ve always require to do, some assembly with family and friends, and others only seek to be alone. these people ' reciprocal ohm lives however all intersect during their concluding vi hours. writer - theatre director - star don mckellar has crafted a extremely unique and worked up film. all of the main case are compelling as they try and do whatever information technology make up they want to coiffe on their last night on earth. craig (callum keith rennie) tries to fulfill all his sexual fantasies, a gas company employee (david cronenberg) calls every customer countenance them know the gas will be flowing until the real end and thanks them for their business, and patrick (mckellar) just wants to be by himself but isn ' t having much success. even minor characters maintain drink down upward where you least expect them to, tie everyone even closer. things look a little hokey towards the beginning of the film, but in the end everything comes together nicely (although information technology ' s non a happy film. .. some moments are understandably gut - wrenching ). the narrative is heighten by some unexpected witticism and real naturalistic performances, particularly from sandra ohio, whose character is just trying to get domicile to her husband before the death. ace have absolutely no job that the reason for the end of the world is ne'er founder, nor does it bother maine that the world is ending at on the nose 12 midnight (in toronto anyway ). but iodin fare enquire why the sun never sets. come in midnight, the sun is nevertheless shining brightly. maybe the sun is crash into the world. .. who live. also, it ' s comforting to know that in humanity ' s final moment on the planet, people volition still gang up up on the street for the sheer purpose of push over a car or a motorbus (that ' s not a guess at this film judgment you. .. i know multitude are just stupefied and truly would be out in the street tip ended cars ). last night constitute available on dvd from general home video. it contains the picture in fullscreen format and include the original theatrical prevue. [ gas constant ] 