1 ' m not truly sure what to think about " clank. " on the surface, it ' s a inhuman, wearisome, unerotic porn with epithet beginning, a gens theatre director, and some nerveless camerawork. ane mean, it provide me completely bored, unsatisfied, and broadly kinda weirded stunned. but then again, non every plastic film ' reciprocal ohm supposed to leave you entertained. " crash " make up structured to play like a porn film, but with importantly more than plot and dialogue. while we see several extremely taboo scene of weirdo sexual activity, we also receive a skimpy little plot going on (by and large towards the beginning ), and possibly just a whisker of characterization. non to mention the acting is broadly speaking moderately good, and we assume ' t really interpret a lot of the actors entirely exposed. but what attain it supremely dissimilar from a smut is the fact that this is not an titillating experience. this film does non puzzle the erotic hypnotism of " h and june " oregon the merely plain hot pants of, say, " deep throat " (non that i ' ve seen it ). if i was to cost made whole hot by this film, it would probably mean they were as well into the unanimous " auto eroticism " thing. the celluloid leaves you cold erotically (and maybe in many other way ), merely what information technology suffice is present a group of people who live on the edge. the pic opens upwards on a woman, catherine (deborah kara ungar, of " the game " ), pressing her bare breast up against a car in a public air airdock. suddenly, a military man enter the build and get to take her from behind (the photographic film doesnt ' show all this though, still if information technology is nc - 17 ). the next scene has a film director, james river (epistle of james spader ), having sex activity with a camera woman (alice poon) in an office on the extremely - populated set of his flick. the next scene has the deuce coming in concert, divulge to us that they ' re married man and married woman, and them share in one another ' siemens escapades. while the two are arguably freaky people, we at least know they love to live on the bound. soon afterwards, james is drive down the route at night, reclessly of course (he ' s reading something ), when helium wander into the other lane, and then hits another auto fount on. king james i is not killed, but the passenger in the former railway car flies into his hind end (obviously die ), go out the driver, helen remington (holly hunter - in a porn? ), also alive. the two go through therapy together, and when get out, they move into eachother again. when jesse james gives her a ride home, they almost get into another chance event, and immeadiately afterwards, they give up the ghost to an unbusy parking peck, and get a little band aid, as they were wake by the accident. you wouldn ' t think there would be many people world health organization deal this like variety of fetish, but they run into a freaky cat named vaughan (elias kosteas) and his crutch - convey girlfriend, gabrielle (rosanna arquette ), who are also into it. vaughan is into living on the sharpness as they comprise, but he takes it to another level: atomic number 2 have intercourse to revive famed car crashes. in matchless prospect, he and a friend, colin seagrave (tool macneill) recreate james dean ' s car crash without any padding or safety belt, and suffer some concussions, but nonetheless get a benjamin rush (and the attention of the constabulary ). soon, these five are all have sex with nonpareil another, comprise it straight, gay, surgery sapphic sex. while this is admittingly all a bit risible (the celluloid is about corresponding a black comedy ), the film does do a pretty awesome depiction of people who ' sec main fetish live inhabit on the edge. i ' k sure somewhere there be citizenry world health organization convey aroused by car accidents, but i personally don ' t see a connection between railroad car crash and sexual practice. the main connection cronenberg shows u that both dedicate a definite rush. his car clangor scenes are quick and exciting miniskirt - chef d'oeuvre: we ' re at initiatory not sure if they ' ll take position, but everytime information technology looks same it english hawthorn occur, we pant. then when information technology happens, we carry our breath. the like thing happens with gender, although not in the same style. these masses are merely require it to another tier. the only problem with the film comprise that information technology ' s a tad redundant. a normal porn lasts from an hr to an minute and a half. this snuff it on for about 100 minute, and information technology just seem a little too long. the sexuality and car clangoring are far between one another, and the clock time between them be a tad on the wearisome side. on that point ' s no personation, although it could definitely personify argued, that hey, information technology ' s a porn, and we ' re not here to sympathise. but still, they coulda cut information technology downhearted a bit. only the movie cost saved with its presentation, equally well as some other elements. the atmosphere is rattling dark and forboding, create a kind of cool unearthly feeling. and there are several scene are just amazing. one scene has catherine the great and james experience sex, while she softly ask him questions about equal with a man, which sounds almost erotic the way she says it. a sequence call for peerless type ' s death is fill with all the edgy disjointment that the film needs. and the final barb is shot utterly, creating an trope of a machine collapse, and a duad having sex in presence of it, despite the fact that she ' mho wounded. the playing is also pretty good, specially for what is nearly a erotica (ousting linda lovelace as best actress in a porno ). while james spader is pretty boring (he ' s normally pretty vivid ), deborah kara ungar constitute amazing. she speaks all her words in about zombie - like stillness, and when she ' s possess sex, she take in a blank look on her face, non showing the viewer whether she ' s bask it operating theatre not. in one scene, she actually attend bushed while someone follow having sex with her. holly hunter, who gets redundant credit scarcely for appearing in something similar this, is moderately undecomposed, and so is rosanna arquette (who bring a kinda cool kinkiness to her role ). merely the film is stolen by elias kosteas who plays his character so intensely that atomic number 2 almost upstages everyone. he often speaks as he is out of breath, showing a definite kinship for his room of liveliness. helium has a smashing business deal of energy in respective scenes, especially one scene where he ' s taking photograph of a video, and a later scene where atomic number 2 ' s getting a freaky tatoo. he and spader part sexual chemistry in several scenes, foreshadowing a posterior conniption. kosteas is a little known actor (his biggest role was casey jones in " teenage mutant ninja turtleneck " ), only hither he show a deniro - like comportment, hinting that he ' s able of bigger roles. while i hardly savor " crash, " it ' s still a pretty challenging portrayal of a group of people world health organization, if the exist, be some of the strangest and most bizarre the great unwashed in the earthly concern. these citizenry are able bodied to plowshare a benjamin rush between two completely dissimilar entities, and the film, which doesn ' t exactly pain them in a negative inner light, is sucessful in bringing them to light, even if it exit the viewer unnerved and generally freak out. despite the hardcore nature of the film and the subsequent nc - 17 rating (there ' s as well an r - rated rendering, simply 1 wouldn ' t even go near that thing ), anyone looking for a immediate turn - on should barely rent a regular porn. 