course, at the core of leon gast ' s " when we represent kings " is the fight itself, for what a fight information technology was. thanks to the business savvy of preceptor king, an senesce muhammad muhammad ali was pitted against the formidable hulk of heavyweight virtuoso george foreman. fans were treated to an viii daily round engagement of survival and strategy, as much as brutal strength, that immediately entered boxing lore. with the benefit of the first - hired hand recollections of that old antique - pug dog norman mailer, this classical conflict is brought back to sprightliness. but " when we be kings " fishing gear issues that are unvoiced to trap down pat than the simple facts of a pugilism match. questions of political power and social jurist appear throughout this docudrama. gast could scarce choose otherwise, deal the vocal, uncompromising politics of mohammed cassius clay. a member of the controversial black separationist movement the nation of islam, ali spread gast ' s movie with a forceful swipe at the joined states. when cassius clay roar " bloody america ', the interview knows the imprecation is heartfelt; the brutal up to now casual fashion it is uttered leaves no doubt that ali is speaking his idea. his decision to buck the rough drawing for annam is defended with the same admirable fury: " no viet cong ever called me nigger ", ali reasons. despite showcasing muhammad ali ' s proud univocal politics, peerless of the most impressive features of " when we cost kings " be the subtle way in which the documentary considers the difficulties inherent in the overarching doctrine of black unity and opprobrious symbolism that muhammad ali and his supporters champion. listening to the pic ' s numerous commentator, it cost clear that the geographic location for this " rumble in the hobo camp " is etched to a greater extent in the imagination than anyplace you could place on a map. spike heel lee yuen kam tells us that the event was a pilgrim's journey, a " come home " to africa. chief reminds us that africa is the " cradle of civilization ". reasonable enough, but this homeland is a specific body politic damn with a less than inspiring realness. it is the newly ground zaire and information technology is ruled by president mobutu, a bestial dictator. while ali respects mobutu ' s power to forge an independent african state department, norman mailer preeminence that beneath the bowl in which the titans battled lay hidden the presidents well - stocked torture chamber. mailer ' s penetration are lost on most of the motion picture show ' due south commentators. george plimpton recall that atomic number 2 always felt he was in the congo, kinda than the newly christened democratic republic of the congo. with admirable restraint, gast quiet suggests that for many the grandeur of myth and history all but obscured the realness of congo ' s squalid ruling elite. mobutu make up not the but dubious character to do good from the foolhardy symbolism of black power. don queen, resplendent in yellow kaftan and at comfort with the " messiah " label attributed to him by a loyal adherent, passes himself off as the voice of a new black external solidarity. understandably, foreman believes he get make a cutting deal. he may follow, as matchless sympathiser notes, " blacker " than ali, but atomic number 2 is denied the iconic position portion out by ali, the thuggish mobutu, and the flashy cheap jack don martin luther king jr.. africa, zaire, inspirational leader oregon vicious potentate, all be get out undifferentiated, unconsidered, in this optimistic celebration of black unity. piffling curiosity that the people of belgian congo comprise shock to find that ali ' s opponent wasn ' t white. confessedly, these emergence are simply hinted at, rather than considerably explored. the interview must consider the significance of these matter themselves, in their own time. on that point is but too much to cover, likewise much that is truly worthy of celebration, for a drawn out political psychoanalysis to be justified. the excitation of james brown and b. b king in concert, for instance. and of course there ' s constantly ali to consider, as atomic number 2 unashamedly, and hilariously, hams it upwards in front of the camera, tail boxing and uttering one inspired rime after another - " we gonna get it on coz we don ' t get along! ". undoubtedly, view the multi - faceted nature of the extravaganza they choose to cut across, the makers of " when we were kings " confront numerous difficulties in deciding what issues, and what personalities, good deserved their attention. fortunately, by refusing to simplify their complex capable matter, they have captured the mellowness and excitement of this unequaled event. 