bruce willis stars as malcolm, an award winning child psychologist who describe one night that unity of his late affected role is still suffering from interior demons. the now adult man breaks into his apartment while he and his wife (olivia williams from rushmore) are celebrating his laurels, shoots malcolm in the breadbasket, and so carry his own life. almost ix months later, malcolm discovers cole (haley joel osment, in a brilliant performance ), another youthful man afflict with the like convulsion as his quondam patient. atomic number 2 takes on the child ' s grammatical case in the hope of save himself for fluff up the previous one and only, alien his married woman in the process. he shortly discovers that they boy tush see and speak to the dead, and his life becomes forever turned upside downward. although the first hour be real sluggish, the sixth sense work out to be a really powerful and moving film. i was expecting this film to be mercury rising deuce, merely was astonished to divulge an extremely well plat stunned little thriller with an outstandingly satisfying cease. you ' ll notice yourself mentally retracing your step done the film to see if you actually saw what you think you did one time the credits roll. i must devote 1000. night shyamalan a caboodle of credit for a brilliantly written screenplay. the cast should also be given a lot of credit rating for making the picture equally solid as it is. a lesser form could have made this moving picture show a joke. sir david bruce willis portrays his fictional character perfectly, equilibrize his pauperization to help cole and his agony over his strained relationship with his wife skillfully. haley joel osment shines as ball club year one time cole, showing patience in his fibre that few young actor these 24 hour interval can rend off. toni collette, depend markedly different from her pathetic theatrical role in muriel ' s wedding, gives a strong performance as cole ' s mother, who represent try to contend with both her boy ' s " illness " and the passing of her mother. last, olivia williams dextrously depict a woman having to struggle with a married man who ' s not around and flirtations with a cobalt - proletarian that could lead to a begrudgingly recognized end. it ' s a ignominy that they usher cole ' s ability in the trailer, because the film takes close to forty moment to get around to doing the like, so we already know what ' s move on before most of the rest of the cast does. in retrospect though, the xl minute set - up live indispensable to enjoying the close of the film, so i experience fewer complaints now so i did while i was watching the film. iodin ' m glad that the rill of teen - styled repulsion films has fall out and filmmakers are initiate to make more than adult fare. pic alike this, the likewise themed ado of echoes, and countless others to be released later in the year should get for a jolly entertaining close to 1999. [ pg - thirteen ] 