studio expectation must not have been high for " big expectations " - - the film ' s release escort was pushed from tardy december to late january at what appeared to make up the last minute, therefore putting any academy awards chance information technology has forth until this time in 1999. it ' s actually a smart move, because while this updated take on the charles dickens tale international relations and security network ' t quite oscar cannon fodder, it * equal * firm enough to be distinguished from the cinematic dumping ground that usually puddle up the first five or six weeks of any given year. " great first moment " also demonstrates how to develop a classical story right, especially after the excruciatingly unworthy excesses of baz luhrmann ' s " william shakespeare ' s romeo + juliet. " " great expectations " out of doors someplace in seventies florida (the original story is set in nineteenth - century england ), as eight - year - old finn (jeremy james kissner) meets a threesome of citizenry world health organization will own a profound effect on his life in the future. thither ' s icy, 11 - year - old estella (raquel beaudene ), a impostor - playmate of finn ' s; ms. dinsmoor (anne bancroft ), estella ' s auntie world health organization ' s quite off - kilter over a past romance that never took off; and a mysterious captive (robert diamond state niro) whom finn saves the life of. finn, who lives with his sis ' s amiable boyfriend (solitary star ' s chris peter cooper ), fancies himself an aspiring artist, and prove his prowess by whipping upwards an unusual portrait of estella using only ms. dinsmoor ' s lip rouge, eyebrow pencil and the wallpaper from her dilapidating mansion. flash forward into the ' 90s (after a brief stop in the ' 80s ), and finn (now played by ethan hawke ), despondent over a strange hot - and - frigidness relationship with the elusive estella (gwyneth paltrow ), receives quite a bit of money from an unknown benefactor; it ' s plenty cash to commit him to new york to focalise on a life history in art. in that respect, finn seem to gain everything atomic number 2 could ever want - - wealthiness, prestige and a high place in the glamorous art humans. when estella resurface - - albeit with an aloof fianc? (hank azaria) - - finn besides see the chance to renew their mutual attractive feature. just she ' s not the only shade from finn ' s retiring that ' reciprocal ohm go to cost paying him a sojourn. comparisons with the afore - cite " romeo + juliet " look inevitable since these films be the only ones in recent memory to plop classical dramatic event into a current context. " heavy expectations " embody a much unspoiled venture, though, because it plow its reservoir with even - handed respect, where " romeo " was ne'er quite certain whether to be a spoof, a homage beaver state both. the movie is a ocular banquet thanks to emmanuel lubezki ' s sexy cinematography; notably, he captures a revisited fountain kiss between the two lead with a toothsome, titillating charge that ' s steamier than the film ' s (surprisingly muted) love scenes. the eclectic rock 'n' roll soundtrack compliments the on - screen activeness beautifully, especially raw songs by tori book of amos, glandular fever and duncan arab chief. acting credits are inaugural - rate, much hide the screenplay ' s occasional slip - ups. hawke is earnest and solid as a leading man (something we too learned from " gattaca " ), and his finn is quite a likeable hombre. paltrow ' s estella, on the other paw, is kinda underdeveloped. while the actress is at her icily seductive best, we ' ray not told very much about her fibre, and as a result, it ' s oft hard to understand why finn would appreciate her beyond a physical stage (but, oh, * what * a physical level ); sometimes, we root for finn although we don ' t quite understand why she ' s fire his fire. robert de niro is nice and sophisticated in the benevolent kind of role he rarely gets to play; on the other end of the behave spectrum is bancroft, a macabre, throaty joy who mambo and give suck down butt with an eerie exuberance that would make norma desmond jealous. alfonso cuaron ' s visually graceful way helps to distract from the dry moment that pop up more often around the movie ' s orgasm. another problem be predictability; you crapper reckon your way done the plot even if you aren ' t conversant with the story. despite its handwriting flaws, though, " great expectations " make up undeniably romanticist without being corny or gloppy. and frankly, it ' s nice to see a film that embraces mince sensualness other than explicit gender. perhaps that renovate release particular date, awfully close to valentine ' s clarence shepard day jr., will end upward helping " keen expectations " ' seemingly middling box office chances after all. 