because the insistency masking of " planet of the apes " was one day past last issue ' s deadline, i was afforded the opportunity to see the film a second time, listen to audience reaction and read a mint of reviews before indite this piece. the chief complaints of those world health organization disliked the futurist adventure appear to be that the movie focused on visuals instead of substance, that the tale was thin, that mark wahlberg ' s lineament was colorless and that the surprisal ending sucked. to those people i would like to pronounce? what the infernal region make you expect? this is a tim sir richard burton movie, boy and girls. tim burton movies feature great art direction and thin, clunky stories. for the blissfully smutty, disjointed and underrated " march attack! " ( jonathan rosenbaum of the chicago reader and iodin were deuce of the solitary critics in united states to praise the flick) sir richard burton reportedly tossed vintage " mars attacks! " trading cards onto the floor and ground his story on the unity that landed face up. burton ' s re - imagining of the 1968 report of an spaceman that land on a satellite where apes principle men looks great. the apes, courtesy of make - up magician wrick bread maker, are daze and ape city is a wonder to lay eyes on. comparable astronaut leo davidson (wahlberg ), the film come to the ground running, whisk witness through a pass - spinning serial publication of solid one - liners and engaging vignettes and establishing a common sense of thrust that carries us through the more traditional fight scenes that do later. as for wahlberg, consider what burton does with his type. from his start as a filmmaker, sir richard francis burton have shown his enthrallment with colorful misfits (pee - wee herman, the joker, ed wood, the ack - acking martian, etc.) and lack of interest in standard issue hoagy. so leo davidson spends most of the movie getting the living shit kick extinct of him before the biggest guilt trip in history is drop on his shoulders. as for lack of color, call back, leo simply launches into blank space to fetch his monkey back. he doesn ' t want to go human beings and he isn ' t looking for romance from a pretty, but slow human (estella earl warren) or a dynamic ape (helena bonham carter, terrific as an adequate - right field activist ). as a man who just wants out, wahlberg is focused, pernicious and sly. the surprisal ending provides the requisite shock (and some more dandy visuals, specially of the upcoming authority figures ), but confessedly isn ' t virtually as satisfying as the i in the original. for the original ending to work, we only had to reach one mere link, for this one, we have to save a unhurt new screenplay. the 1968 " apes " boasted a handful of majuscule setting, cool looking monkeys, a deliciously hammy performance by charlton heston (who look uncredited here as an aged chimp on his deathbed, re - delivering a classical line) and a killer stop. just viewers had to meet through numerous boring stretches stress by social and political messages delivered with the grace of a wrecking egg. the 2001 " planet of the apes " offers a different set of great scenes, much cooler looking monkey, fine acting from wahlberg, bonham carter, alice paul giamatti and tim roth, and a non hence good stop. information technology also gives us another prospect to experience the skewed imaginativeness of tim burton and that ' s nothing to complain about. 