a cinematic version of 1 of king john irving ' s novel is perpetually cause for celebration yet if, as in the case of " simon birch, " the treatment constitute merely " suggested by, " rather than strictly based on, the book. suggested mean value that irving, author of the acclaimed " the world according to garp, " sold the rights to his fresh " a prayer for owen meany " to the disney machine for $ 1 meg, but wouldn ' t grant them permission to apply either the title or any of the theatrical role names. that ' s an odd determination - - irving claim information technology ' s to protect both himself and the novel - - but it ' s i that doesn ' t unduly harm the finished merchandise. irving ' s playscript are rich and complex work, full of intriguing, colorful characters. " a supplication for owen meany " is no exception; it tells the tarradiddle of an unusual male child - - called simon birch in the motion picture show version - - who constitute uncommonly belittled in height and possesses a high - pitched falsetto voice, " like strangled mice. " simon consider himself to be " god ' s instrument, " pose on this earth to somehow event god ' s plan. simon is played by ian michael captain john smith, who stick out from a uncommon enzyme upset known as morquio syndrome which, among other thing, prevents bones, ligaments, and joints from develop normally. adam smith ' s debilitate disease makes him an obvious physical alternative for " simon birch "; however, the producers unwisely favored form over map - - smith ' s playact abilities are confine at best. another drawback cost that in the koran, simon ' s condition embody described the direction irving describes any of his character - - in careful, enjoy detail. watching " simon birch tree, " however, creates a different feel entirely; the hearing is force into a voyeuristic relationship with the grapheme, surely something irving would non have intended. simon himself tends to be too cute and irritating, a combining of smith ' s rookie status as an actor and the precocious i - liners helium ' s forced to have, courtesy mark steven president johnson, the film ' s conductor and screenwriter. luckily, simon birch isn ' t the substantial star of the photographic film that bears his name. simon is more of a accelerator, allowing his co - genius to shape the story, and the actors who meet those roles to change by reversal in outstanding supporting performances, salve the film from an obsequious, manipulative fate. first and foremost is joseph mazzello (" jurassic period parking lot " ), who be nothing less than noteworthy as simon ' s best friend, joe. mazzello turns in a wonderfully superimposed performance for a 14 class quondam, ripe with laughter, pain, and rip; atomic number 2 be certainly an emerging talent. ashley judd positively beams in her use as rebekah, joe ' s unmarried mother, and oliver platt is warm and tender as her boyfriend, ben. saint david strathairn and january hooks toy the township ' s reverend and sunday schoolhouse teacher respectively and their contributions uphold the mellow standards set by the others. there ' s yet a surprising yet good uncredited cameo performance from. .. considerably, that would be telling. peradventure " suggested by " the novel is the appropriate way to live after all, since " simon birch " solely focuses on unmatched chapter, unitary year, of simon ' s over the top biography. the film likewise changes the book ' s ending to matchless that is to a greater extent histrionic, nonetheless necessary given simon ' s lot. the flavor of irving ' s original novel continue, withal - - the warmth, friendship, and insecurity that amount with a change of seasons to the picayune community of gravestown, pine tree state, and the engaging oddballs, both big and small, who reside there. 