for a movie about disco - earned run average inordinateness, " 54 " comes upward amazingly short on the sleazy occurrent at the nominal late 1970s and early eighties manhattan dance golf club. think of it as a sorting of " boogie nights " - lite - where that similarly - structure and - set portrayal of the porn diligence was adulterate with salacious goings - on and skidded on a destructive center tone shift, " fifty four " leave the kinkier details to your imagination. information technology ne'er needlessly revels in information technology seedy subject topic, but it gratefully never resorts to preaching, either. in fact, were it non for the rearing drug use and the intermittent dark moment, " 54 " would be astir every bit feathery as the time period ' s popular female person hair style. studio fifty four was a haven for the plentiful, famous and broadly dear - looking before it closed its doors incessantly in 1986. inside, anything break and, we are told, everything do. the film ' s fictional primary character is shane o ' shea (ryan phillippe, the jerky jockstrap from " i know what you did last summer " ), a fresh - faced nineteen - year - old who dreams of venturing beyond the club ' sulfur velvet rope and coming face - to - case with the wild decadence he can only read astir in magazines. his wish comes true when studio 54 owner steve rubell (mike myers) spots him amongst a crowd of gawkers one night in ' 79 and permits him passage - only not before he doff his hideous shirt, of class. once inside, shane becomes seduce by the club ' randomness dizzying maelstrom of sexuality and drug. he birth such a good time that he doesn ' tonne want to go forth, so he seek employment as a busboy. he quickly become friends with greg (breckin meyer) and anita (salma hayek ), a married couple who make along side of him; greg ' s a fellow busboy with inspiration to puddle the big money as a studio apartment 54 bartender, while anita check coats but desires a recording contract to call her own. after rubbing elbows (among other things) with a renowned socialite (sela ward) and gaining the personal sake of rubell, shane begins to ascend to the upper echelon of 54. just fame doesn ' t fall without a price. " fifty four " ' s major shortcomings lie within its handling of the supporting players - at a slim hour - and - a - half, the film is overly short to take on such a multi - type focal point, and more than a few balls are dropped in the leave juggling turn. alleged last place - minute edits and reshoots make up more than than likely to blame for the occasionally rushed development and equivocal fundamental interaction, since " 54 " sometimes feels like information technology ' s miss a scene here oregon there. nowhere is this to a greater extent seeming than in shane ' s relationship with soap opera actress julie black (neve campbell ), a frequent studio fifty four patron whom he ' s long admire from afar. the romance be prodded along before information technology has a chance to transform into something special. that " liv " sour despite these limitations, then, be largely due to the competence and zip with which it ' atomic number 16 forgather. surely, it ' s shallow, slick, sanitized portrait of a bygone age, and sure, we ' ve seen the rags - to - riches account gazillions of times, but introduction director and screenwriter mark st. christopher keeps things moving with lively snapshots of the studio 54 hustle and bustle and an yet livelier cast to inhabit his bouncy vision. the film vaunt some fine comic creativeness, the pinnacle of which is disco dottie (" the wedding ceremony singer " ' s ellen dow ), an elderly terpsichore queen who play the loving grandmother in public, but slides up to shane behind 54 ' s closed doors and asks for a " funky little treat. " the solid, aphrodisiacal cast smooths out - if alone while you ' rhenium catch upwards in the film - any rough spots belong to their alter - egos or the plot. freshman phillippe has the charisma and joisey emphasize down pat; he and campbell, equally fetching as ever, look so serious together it ' s a shame their subplot snuff it nowhere. meyer exhibits the congenial appeal that make up him a delectation to follow in " clueless " (atomic number 2 was the stoner with the turkey - smile ), while hayek simply sizzles, especially when leading a dance class with the mantra, " one, two, three, attitude! " sherry stringfield, unidentifiable nether big ' 70 pilus, have on her first openhanded - screen lance since she left " er " as rubell ' s controller, simply she ' s criminally underused. as the droopy - eyeball, drug - puddle steve rubell, myers is worth the damage of admission entirely. when he ' s not play the life of the political party, the ex - " saturday night lively " comedian reave away all of rubell ' s confidence and swagger to show a man desperately trying to fill his empty, unhappy life with exorbitance; it ' s a moment worthy of pity when, while lounging on a bed of money and spue from a particularly heavy evening, he attempts to seduce one and only of his employees. and while his performance is largely serious, myers immix the empathy with a delicate " austin powers " - esque nictation, thus keeping reproducible with " 54 " ' s overall look - gaudy, larger - than - life and satisfyingly ornamental, not unlike a giant disco music ball. 