the thought - fire head of tradition over morals be the subject directly at the core of " leila, " a powerfully enunciate and subtle drama from famous persian director dariush mehrjui, that is his first motion picture in a prosperous thirty - year career to gain u. s. distribution, thanks to inaugural streak feature. although unfamiliar with mehrjui ' s previous guide elbow grease, perhaps the reason for this is that, while the predicament at hand comprise no doubt exclusive to its ain country, the heartbreaking and solely true emotions of the characters can easily be understand by all viewer. set in forward looking - clarence shepard day jr. iran, " leila " begins on the birthday of the form of address type (leila hatami ), after a brief prologue in which we are shown the first encounter between leila and her future husband, reza (ali mosaffa ). as leila and reza set off to visit his parents, and then hers, where a birthday celebration has been design, things seem rose colored for the couplet on the outside, but for leila, liveliness isn ' t quite as sweet. earlier, on that rattling same day, leila had run to see her physician, and has at last come upon that she obligate real little probability of ever conceive a child. when all of the conditions are ruled out, and leila passes up the hypothesis of acceptation, reza hard and fondly tell apart her that helium espouse her, and doesn ' t tending at all astir having children. nonetheless, leila make up ashamed that she will never be able to give him a baby, which is the social norm, and her self - esteem is not helped at all by her domineering mother - in - law (jamileh sheikhi ), whose hopes to carry on the sacred family name vanishes once hearing the news (reza is her only boy ). bluntly explaining to leila that reza take perpetually wished for children and, in a country where polygamy be an accepted tradition, she suggests that he take a second married woman to bear a kid with. leila hesitantly agrees, and while she and reza are able to shallowly laugh afterwards about the hopeful womens ' inadequacy, reza finally does meet a woman whom he claims to like, still though he refuses to go through with with the wedding if leila doesn ' liothyronine consecrate her full blessing. there are no easy answers to be found within " leila, " a film that thoughtfully examines the key fiber ' s inauspicious plight, as substantially as the inner working of leila herself, told through matter - of - fact narration. near completely taken over by her own shame, she stimulate no option simply to agree to her emphatic mother - in - law ' s requests, even though she is unsure of how she volition react if reza really coiffe terminate up marrying another woman. maybe because " leila " is from iran, the celluloid will decidedly be blow out of the water for american audiences, since the concept of polygamy be looked upon by the characters as a more oregon less daily occurrence. leila, however, personify unable to come to terms with the idea quite a as easy, simply feels information technology be her obligation to make her married man happy, no matter what the circumstances. one of the inviolable aspects of the film represent in its portrayal of the relationship between leila and reza, world health organization married only three months after their first merging, but obviously love each other real profoundly. it is this relationship that is the central ingredient to making what follows the first step scenes all the to a greater extent powerful, and director mehrjui has succeed just around every bit good as potential. although seemingly insignificant at world class glance, an early successiveness where leila and reza are consume dinner and both are laughing, nearly uncontrollably, actually is one of the most full of life moments in the 1st half, as information technology unmistakably sets the boundary for their unrequisite love for one another. ditto for another view in which reza gives leila a large stuffed animal for her birthday, and then reveals a beautiful necklace he accept also receive her. these " small " moments are the perfect contrast for the solemn, outraging sequences in the latter one half, in which reza drop cloth leila off at the side of a engaged road, and then soar remove to go on a appointment with another cleaning lady. left on that point to mull her quickly diminishing wedlock, unwisely unbeknownst to reza, leila prays each time that the date will non go considerably, so she bequeath be able to keep her husband to herself for a little while longer. defy to stay over at her parent ' s sign, the film inevitably leads up to the second wedding night between reza and another woman, and in a sequence of over the top sorrow and potential, leila finds her whole being emotionally snap apart, as she is close up in an upstairs bedroom as the man and wife proceedings are going on down below. despite her initial agreement to such a thing, leila realizes how much she suffer been betrayed by reza, whom she believed cared for her equally much as she did of him. sure as shooting, the whole second wedding was his mother ' s idea, simply if atomic number 2 really did believe what he initially had narrate her about non wanting any children, then he could birth still easy backed out, couldn ' t he? in the pivotal persona of leila, who appears in every scene, leila hatami is nothing short of remarkable, injecting her graphic symbol with an equal measuring stick of startling strength, unavoidable exposure, and utter despair. different most american films, in which everything always has to be spell out out for audiences, hatami says much more with just an subtle expression on her face than could possibly have be conveyed by words. every bit a perfect match for hatami be ali mosaffa, as reza, a man who, i conceive, does bind an unbreakable bond with his wife, only is too naive to realize what he testament be make to leila if he marries someone else. for all of it strong aspects, " leila " international relations and security network ' t a perfect flick. on a technical level, i bump many blatant punctiation and spelling mistakes within the subtitle that need to be limit. and concerning the game ontogenesis, the final five minutes ring faux when compared with everything that has come before. mehrjui ' s determination to use an passing stylized approach to the ending was the wrong choice, specially in his almost comedic path of wrapping up the lineament of the spiteful female parent - in - law, played memorably by jamileh sheikhi. despite these modest missteps, " leila " is an crucial move characterization that should definately be sought come out of the closet upon its circumscribed may 16 release at new york ' s cinema small town, and then on crataegus laevigata 21 in la. the thought - provoking questions that the film deals with is balanced evenly with its uneasy morales, and when the climax arrives, leila ' s ego - worth is startlingly unclothe away to unwrap a victim led into complete devastation, to which there is no reappearance. it ' s difficult to non consider how leila ' s culminating interior demise could have been so plainly avoided, had the other grapheme taken a second out of their ain selfish lives to consider what leila, the major pawn in the inexcusable dodge, was going through with. 