the heartbreak kid (review on august. 26th / 1998 ) starring charles grodin, cybill sheppard, eddie albert in " the heartbreak nipper ", charlemagne grodin plays one of the most implausibly obnoxious characters i ' ve seen on screen in a recollective fourth dimension. he ' s a guy cable who spends virtually the entire running time of the movie bullshit his path from unmatchable place to another. i doubt atomic number 2 ever expressed any unfeigned tactile sensation at all during the film. as the picture unfold, he has scarce contract married, and is on the means to miami beach for his honeymoon. halfway there, he get to resent his st. brigid. by the clock time he arrives at his hotel and own met the cybill sheppard character, atomic number 2 be ready to divorce his married woman. as play by grodin, this character is the case of person that nothing bequeath ever be full enough for him. the idiom " the grass is always greener on the other side of the fence " comprise much written with him in intellect. even so, if he obtain something helium really wants, he volition pursue it for equally long as information technology takes. the only problem be, once he has information technology, he forthwith miss interest. the goal of " the heartbreak child " is both hilarious and sad for that very understanding. charles grodin is at his smarmy undecomposed here, and sheppard comprise quite an appealing as the object of grodin ' sec desire. however, the literal vista stealer is jeannie berlin, daughter of director elaine crataegus oxycantha, as grodin ' s whiny bride. she owns every scene that she ' s in, and makes you almost require to rootle for what the grodin fictional character is essay to do. " the heartbreak tiddler " was written by neil simon and information technology shows. simon sleep with to deconstruct and analyze human relationships, and he ' s at the top of his biz hither. as maddeningly objectionable as the grodin character is, he ' s the type of guy that everyone know. the character of george costanza on " seinfeld " seem to have been modelled after him. the solitary job with the movie be that it ' s not that funny story, and information technology ' s billed as a comedy. as much as i could assure the realism in the characters, information technology would have personify nice to have a chuckle hither and in that location. " the brokenheartedness kid " is non a date flick. information technology have got an extremely negative sight of relationships, so seeing it with a girlfriend / beau, could be hazardus to your health. 