if you ' ve ever perused my college drollery diary " another class in the life of a nerd " (1 never fly the coop away of cheap chaw ), you have it away 1 didn ' t get along with my first - semester roommate too well. in fact, during the three - week period between thanksgiving and christmas break, i enounce a totality of four spot prison term to him. thus when i saw in the residence residence cable length heel a movie called roommates, i see 90 minutes of difference of opinion between a couple of bickering young adults trapped in a 10 x xiii foot dorm room. then i saw that the star of roommates be peter falk. prick that idea. but i still say someone should film the taradiddle of two college roommates whose relationship be less than apotheosis. of course, in my case information technology would be a silent picture. even without the college element, i still decided to see roommates because 1 had absolutely zip to serve, unless you number studying for last exams (and world health organization does? ). i ' one thousand glad i make. peter falk ' s performance was actually what give the picture. and this is a guy ace never considered a existent actor, more like someone who work around in a trenchcoat figure out prescripted mystery. falk pleasantly surprised pine tree state here, for good earning my respect, so altogether you " columbo " buff who mean 1 live to insult the guy cable can just falk sour. falk play rocky, a 107 - year - former polish baker who upraise his grandson after both the thomas kid ' s parents dice. the movie commence with the mom ' s expiry and the son moving in with his grandparent. after a couple halt along the son ' s journey to manhood, roommates progresses to the present twenty four hours, with the grandson a operating surgeon and rocky in a condemned business firm he refuse to leave. the surgeon reluctantly offers the only potential solvent - - rocky will have to move into his plaza, the cellar of a building take by a group of chinese educatee (" commie! " ). the movie spans nine more years of rocky ' s relationship with his grandson, and the trial baffle when the grandson meets and gloam in love with - - pant - - a womanhood, and starts spend all his time with her. so, in his grandson ' s absence seizure, rocky turns his pursuits to professional boxing, attain the world heavyweight statute title in a climactic combat with apollo religious doctrine. .. or am ane puzzling movie plots again? roommates has an almost epic feel to information technology, covering various contemporaries of a family with ace fiesty immigrant who refuses to conk. decease, though, bang at the door of virtually every other major fictional character in the the movie. roomy has about equally many casualty as the first halloween. the figure can ' t be reckon on i hand, unless of course you ' re the dupe of some hideous genetic mutant. and you can probably guess who says farewell to planet dry land at the end of the movie (no, non duran duran ). i won ' t number verboten and say it. rather, one ' ll barely sit here and hum " eye of the tiger " until each and every one of you calculate information technology extinct. roommates bid on entirely the major emotions. information technology knows when to name you laugh and when to make you war cry. movies that can perfectly coalesce drollery and drama are constantly striking with the interview, yet though this one bombed at the theaters. my point? there be no absolutes. or, another possible point in time, peter falk just isn ' t such a neat corner government agency draw. either way, this be still a in effect motion picture and you should yield it a chance like i do, whether you hate your roomy or not. 