john carpenter directed this fashionable and gory vampire motion picture show to which own it ' s good side and information technology ' s bad. it ' s restrain up by some dependable performances and dazzling special effects go up to an ending that ' s pretty satisfying. james woods gives an great performance that almost covers upward the movie. the in effect side: some neat scene of vampires and violence. the bad: no scare. yes that ' s mightily, yet though being directed by one of horror ' s most treasured managing director, ' lamia ' be the least bit scary, if not at all. james woods whiz as labourer a vampire hunter prohibited to stop the architectural plan of the ' master ' vampire valek play by thomas ian griffith whom wants vampires to walk in the daylight. daniel james arthur baldwin plays his sidekick montoya, a wise - fracture guy wire who rattling isn ' t that funny. in the opening scene jack along with montoya and the team of vampire huntsman, find an abandoned home to which vampire occupy. of course of study we all know sunshine kill vampires, and that be just how they pour down these vampires: hooking them to ropes and dragging them outside letting them sting to death. after throwing a party for what happened, the vampire that did non die descend back to trash information technology. they pop almost all of jack ' s squad, allow only a few alive. sheryl henry lee play a prostitute katrina who equal bitten by valek, but not yet change state into a vampire. she live rescued by jack and? flees with them on their search for valek. they have to fight they ' re way against lamia, leading upward to a close that is well - do with large particular effects. ' vampire ' definately could have been serve better. the shuffling - upward, special essence and history be first rate, but there be no scares or terror that the movie could have hold. information technology to me had to a greater extent humor than horror, almost live liken to ' fright night ' with the commixture of violence and comedy. john carpenter does a great line of work of manoeuver this film. atomic number 2 eases through some problematical time and saves the flaws, which be noticeable just forgettable. the script personify apt and amusing, with many lines that make us laugh out loud. i much enjoy ' vampires ' with a few exclusion. it ' s one of those films you envision but don ' tonne take to heart. you enjoy the clip you spent and go on. the recently put out ' psycho ' is the like way, information technology ' s not as estimable as you ' 500 hope but it is fun and entertaining. ' vampires ' cost a practiced horror picture show with no panic but plenty of other content to please the viewer. 