since their film debut in 1984 with the tightly wrought texas thriller " blood simple, " joel and ethan coen have been one of the most eclectic, original, and downright fascinating creative team in modern hollywood. their films are highly stylise, deeply embedded in a particular time and place, and their part live more often than non everyday hoi polloi world health organization acquire caught up in extremely unusual circumstance. in " the great lebowski, " their first cinematic offer since the multiple honorary society award - winning " fargo, " the action takes place in los angeles during the gulf warfare, and the hero of the story be jeff lebowski, aka the dude. the gallant is played by jeff bridge deck - - one of hollywood ' entropy about underrated actors - - in the good stoned performance since sean pennsylvania stumbled through the halls of ridgemont high. the dude live a simple man who experience never quite get information technology kayoed of the sixties. he accept shaggy, shoulder - length hair, a grizzled goatee seriously in need of a trim, and helium wears mostly stained golf tee - shirt, long shorts, and gellies without socks. he smokes a lot of pot, imbibe a lot of white russians, and is more than content to spend the legal age of his time bowling with his two buddies, a slightly psychotic viet nam vet named walter sobchak (john goodman) and donny (steve buscemi ), one of those guys who always wants to be portion of the conversation, but ne'er quite makes information technology in. one day, the dude be confused with another jeff lebowski (david huddleston ), this i being a millionaire philanthropist whose trophy married woman, bunny (tara reid ), owe a lot of people a lot of money. the independent plot and all its accompanying side - plots and coenesque fulmination be far too complicated to get into here. suffice to say that the fop suit deeply involved with the big lebowski when bunny rabbit personify kidnaped and the dude be asked to be a courier for the ransom money. by the clock time all is said and done, bruno walter has become deeply involved, as has the heavy lebowski ' s daughter, maude (julianne dudley stuart john moore ), a feminist execution artist, a pornographer named jackie treehorn (ben gazzara ), and a group of german nihilists led by dick stormare, who was so great as the silent merely deadly kidnaper in " fargo. " " the big lebowski " play like an amalgam of whole the coen brother ' earlier effort. information technology shares their previous pic ' strong sense of time and place, equally well as their send - ups of movie genres and political and ethnic ideologies. " lebowski " has the same kind of deranged imitation that made " raising arizona " such a hoot; information technology has surrealistic dream sequences (one of which involves a busby berkley - like dancing figure) that characterized the ending of " barton fink "; and it has the same kind of cartoonish look and feel that penetrate " the hudsucker proxy. " the film cost shot by veteran cinematographer roger deakins, who have exercise with the coens on three former films, " barton fink, " " the hudsucker procurator, " and " fargo. " deakins always gives the coens ' films a distinctive visual style, and here he does a brilliant caper of capturing the bright colors of seedy los angeles in the early nineties, whether that by the obnoxious blue bowling suit worn by the dude ' s primary competitor christ quintana (john turturro ), or the strikingly manic dream sequences, one of which affect the dizzy spectacle of watching a smasher from a bowling ball ' s point of scene. if " fargo " was the coen comrade ' nigh reticent effort in years, " the big lebowski " strike off their tax return to over - the - boundary filmmaking. it be overrun with vogue and attitude, which assist draw up for the confused plot fragments that never quite come together in the end. the coens fill up the screen with lighting, set design, music, and hilarious performances from all the leads, especially bridges and the always dependable john the divine king of swing, who shows real comic timing in his untimely ' nam - inspired burst and his intense dedication to his adopted jewish religion. with joel directing, ethan produce, and both writing, the coen brothers seem limitless in their capacity to turn our world inside ko'd. their talent lies non in their ability to reflect the norms of world, but in their potential to dig prohibited the darkest corners of life and bring them to luminance. the coens rejoice in the oddballs of the world, and they commit them centre - stage to show that it ' s not simply guy like the sheik world health organization are freak, but the entire planet. 