this film is based on the camp television receiver appearance from the 1960 ' s under the like appellation. mind you, most mass (including yours really) world health organization will see this movie will non have see any episodes from the original serial publication. the film be real a stand alone in that regard. the family lennox robinson. .. lose in place. plot: fix in the year 2058, the family robinson is select to sail out into distance in search of other planets that might contain the natural resources solid ground motivation in order to live on its future. a colonization process, if you will. they are join by able bodied pilot west (leblanc ), and evil uninvited stowaway (oldman ), world health organization does non want to see the trip conclude on a successful tip. finally, their trek give up the ghost awry, and all are " lost in outer space ". " how do get backward to earth? " be the question that infests the residue of this sci - fi epos. critique: this flick reminded me a destiny of the 5th element (6. 5 / 10) from the summertime of 1997. information technology ' s a film with a deal of flash, but very lilliputian actual pith. admittedly, there international relations and security network ' t an annoying graphic symbol like chris tucker from the other film, but this picture show perform run a little too long, and did drop off me in regards to its complex time - travel / multi - dimensional narrative business line. have said that, the particular effect in this movie were amazing, and the overall look and flavour were besides way above norm. you really felt like you were in the futurity, and rally done blank with these poor souls. unfortunately for this chosen family, their x - class old son personify the smart one in the group, and the founder is too enwrap astir in his work to notice the residuum of his family (ever heard that one before? oscitance! ). the playing is ok, and i live specially surprise at the solid performance by tv friend ' s lusterlessness leblanc who shows atomic number 92 all that he ' s definitely more than but a pretty face. on the down side, the kinfolk riff - raff that cuts through most of the picture is lame and time - consuming (even though we gotta give them credit for " trying " to get characters in a sci - fi pic ), the story telephone line is severe to follow, the evil character in the movie actually tell people that helium ' s " evil ", and the movie extend on for about xx minutes too long. on the slick side, many of the special effects are really cool (the sequence in which the family unit is " paralytic " during the hyper - drive is awesome, and the animated monkey that bring together the family halfway through the flic is mucho cool ), the credit display at the death of the film be slamming, and the adventures that they fall into are somewhat thrilling (i will also admit that " somehow " they got me to semi - tear up near the conclusion of this picture. .. . very odd. .. .. ). overall, if you ' re a big sci - fi fan, check this movie kayoed for the special effects and challenge narrative, and if you ' re non, i would still suggest seeing this movie, but then you could probably wait until it hail out on video so that you forward past some of the boring parts. little known facts: this film leave always constitute remembered as the movie that pink titanic (7 / x) out of the top touch at the box - office after fifteen consecutive weeks at number matchless. garry oldman is british, and was in one case married to uma thurman for about half dozen months. mimi rogers follow tom sail ' s first wife. 