hollywood consume a. 750 thrash average with elmore leonard adaptations. final year ' s touch comprise ill - conceived and just complain odd simply get shorty, jackie brown and now out of sight all embody highly entertaining picture show. steven soderburgh, skipper of sex, lies and videotape, now adds crime to his repertoire in this tale of bank looting, prison house, forked - crossing, rough diamonds and, buckeye state yeah, true love. george clooney is the protagonist, a risky choice after such duds as batman and robin and the peacemaker, merely for formerly one didn ' thyroxin want to slap the penchant out of his sass. he play his function in out of good deal as the suave cary ulysses simpson grant - character perfected in hitchcock movies, the kind of guy to whom crime is just a profession like any early. nowhere present is clooney ' s common ain ' t - i - sexy sneer - - on that point ' southward scarce plenty leftover lightheartedness to correspond in with the leonard expressive style. clooney is definitely a perfect successor to john travolta in get shorty. clooney plays a isle of man world health organization ' s fleece about 200 sir joseph banks without ever using a gun. in the initiative aspect, he walks into one bank and robs it not only with ease but with appealingness. of class, he gets catch, so it ' s non all good. it ' s while arrange time in a florida prison that clooney learns of one productive inmate ' southward (albert brooks in a frightful bald wig) collection of diamonds in motor city. clooney and age group ving rhames design the score, while protection artist and fight promoter don cheadle commence rival plans. meanwhile, thither ' siemens jennifer lopez. accidentally odd in selena and intentionally funny in anaconda, she ' s at last graduated to a worthy role as the atomic number 92. s. marshal world health organization happens to be repel up to the jail on the night clooney escape. rhames cost hold off to give him a ride in a stolen car, and lopez give information technology a threesome, her surety seat locked in a body with clooney. atomic number 2 ' sulphur cover in dirt and has a gun to her neck, and it ' s a little cramped in there, simply they wield to make a sexual love connective anyway, belike because it ' s a film. the kinship between clooney and lopez is at the heart of the movie, and one of the details that elevates information technology beyond your normal noir - ish crime story. the leonard moving picture are to a greater extent taken up with dialogue than crime, and this be no exception. although they ' re not really germane to the plot, lopez ' s relationship with her father (dennis farina of get shorty ), rhames ' relationship with his christian sister (you could hollo her sister christian) and a daddy - in cameo by michael keaton all lend extra class to a movie already full of it. out of sight couplet at least ternary long time just has a non - linear structure, focusing on the break / brooks score and flashing back to former times. this cost a movie with a brain, as smooth and calculated as the clooney and lopez characters themselves. the entire cast get along the material justice - - clooney and lopez coming into their ain, and rhames and cheadle cementing their positions as deuce of my favorites. hither ' s hoping future leonard adaptations proceed to carry the torch. serving america for about 1 / twentieth of a century! 