the muppet movie be the 1st, and the respectable film among the ever - growing list of muppet movies. the muppet moving picture secern the story of how our hero, kermit the toad, add up to be a star. a delicious moving picture for all ages, the muppet movie is * bursting * with cameo appearing by countless hollywood star of the 80 ' s and today. the muppet movie begins in a moving picture theater, where all of the muppet stars be apprehensively wait the first showing. once everyone is settle downward, the movie inner of the movie begin. information technology starts verboten with kermit in a swampland, playing his banjo and telling (this shot required jim henson to spend hours underwater ). kermit is discovered by bernie, a fully grown - time hollywood agent who happens upon kermit by chance event. bernie believes that kermit holds much potential to become a big maven in hollywood. kermit meditate the thought of becoming a big movie star, where he could " make 1000000 of people felicitous ". kermit decides to get out his swamp and make the trip verboten to hollywood. along the way, kermit befriend his now famous muppet fellow, set about with fozzie bear, who make live spending his days coiffure stand - up clowning at the el sleezo coffeehouse, owned by james coburn. the two decide to team - up and extend on their way to hollywood. but, doc hopper (charles durning ), the owner of a chain of french fry frog branch restaurants get a dissimilar idea. helium wants kermit to equal his spokesman, but kermit is humiliated at the idea and spends the moving picture avoid him and his assistants. the trip persist in, with kermit and fozzie meeting miss piggy, rowlf, gonzo, the electric mayhem band, and more than muppets world health organization all share the like wish: to make it to hollywood. oh, and still more celebrities continue to appear. kermit and miss piggy continue to draw to know each other a little good, include a rather funny scene at a eating place with steve martin as the server. finally, kermit and the chemical group make believe it to hollywood. that is, after kermit is finally able bodied to escape doc hopper and predicate his freedom. creator lew, a big - time hollywood producer present by orson welles, gives kermit his shot at stardom and gives him the go - forrader to produce a movie. the muppet movie is in spades a flick that is fun for all ages. it is as well a certain - deal as one parent can observe, and enjoy on with their tiddler. 