slavery comprise bad. after hundreds of years, we ' ve finally figured that single out. this almost ecumenical notion is the both the speciality and weakness of theatre director steven spielberg ' s latest " dangerous " film. during the tardy 1830s, a portuguese slave ship carries a cargo of disastrous men and woman abduct from their home on africa ' s west coast to cuba to be sold into slavery. 50 - trio of them are lug into the " louisiana amistad " (from a spanish word for " friendly relationship ") by their new spanish owners. dislodge himself from his chains, senge pieh (djimon hounsou ), rename cinque by his masters, conduct a bloody revolt. after killing most of the crowd, the africans force the remaining sailors to return them to their home - or so they think. instead the ship heads up the seashore to the joined dos. the amistad is board by an american naval ship and the revolutionary are put on trial in connecticut for murder and piracy. the effectual query becomes constitute they detached men fighting justly for their freedom or are they property. if they are dimension, who practice they belong to? their master key? the spanish government? salvage right of the officers who capture the ship? the atomic number 92 government? the defendants exist pawns in several game. emancipationist theodore joadson (morgan freeman) and frederick carleton lewis tappan (stellan skarsgard) want to free them, but tappan sees them primarily as a mean value to further the cause. their attorney roger baldwin (matthew mcconaughey) consider the case as a elementary one of property right and a chance to make his portion of legal fees. south carolina senator john c. calhoun (arliss catherine howard) pursues the case for the political forward motion of the southern states. chairperson martin van buren (nigel nathaniel hawthorne) be uncoerced to force the result towards his own political closing. when the verdict looks to free the africans, vanguard buren replaces the jurist with one more than sympathetic to his wishes. even that doesn ' t work and the novel judge dislodge the kidnap victims. at the urging of calhoun, the president then appeal the case to the supreme judicature, populate by a bulk of slave - owners. this little - acknowledge (try receive it in any history text word of god) incident from america ' s past times would have gone down a darker path were information technology not for former president john josiah quincy adams (anthony hopkins) who is persuaded to argue the case before the supreme court. the slaveholding issue is easy pickin ' randomness for spielberg. much similar his " shindler ' s list " (which followed " jurassic period green " as this follows " lost world " ), the moral sides be non unmanageable ones to choose. nazis and striver traders: both delicacy groups of others as less than human. it ' s non hard to see who the unsound guys are. without that question to reflect, the film director ' s job is more unmanageable. he has to work the story interesting. spielberg win for the most part. the visual expression of the photographic film is beyond reproach. where the movie strike downward is a bit more pernicious. there be rattling few _people_ in the tale. in fact, pentad is the only role world health organization is fleshed out. tappan and joadson are " abolitionists ": symbolic representation but not humanity. van buren be a weak pol but nothing else. the rest of the " break one's back " barely exist former than dressing for the set. like many other films about people of vividness, well nigh all the major players comprise ashen. the film ' s redemption lies in the acting lastingness of everyone involved and the knock down presence of hounsou. the quondam model ' s first major role be a success. without address more than five words of english, helium conveys more emotion than most role player with a 1000 lines of dialogue. the former stand - out be hopkins world health organization seems to be making a career out of portray american presidents (he likewise played the title office in " nixon " ). the impassioned speech by the paddle sure enough man world health organization phases in and out of rationality constitute among the good court - way drama ever on the screen. on that point are some other not bad moments. specially impressive are the african ' s struggle to read what be drop dead on in the strange country. their interpretation of the bible based solely on the pictures and their own experiences constitute touching. equally lordly as the epic is, it would have more encroachment experience information technology focused more on the experience from the point of view of the africans. to a greater extent humanity in the engagement for humanity would let made information technology a four - lead film. ( michael redman give written this column for a real long time and represent just now have close to to seeing some 1998 moving picture show. ) 