" a breed apart " casts rutger hauer as a crazy, bird - loving recluse who pick his feathered friends ended kathleen turner. a bit hard to swallow? that ' s only the maiden of many improbabilities in this film. hauer stars as a adult male obsessed with restrain the birds on his island good, while boothe fiddle a guy hired to steal a couple of rare eagle bollock by a rich egg collector. joseph mallord william turner is the charwoman caught between the deuce men. " a breed apart " international relations and security network ' t a bad moving picture show, exactly. indeed, iodin feel myself rooting for both the hauer and boothe characters, even though their goals couldn ' t follow more dissimilar. the job with the film constitute that in that respect are just too many inconsistencies. for illustration, early on in the film, hauer physically assaults deuce boozy rednecks shooting at " his " birds. later on, the rednecks come backward for revenge with four other people, and hauer pour down a few of them. i have a sturdy time believing that the police wouldn ' t mystify involved at that point in time. another problem is the silly have a go at it - triangle that produce. i didn ' t care i way or the other who ended upward with frederick jackson turner. one was more interested in finding out which of the ii men would be victorious in their various missionary station. however, despite this uninteresting hoagie - plot, turner did manage to give a heavy public presentation as the woman who cue the two man that sometimes there ' s more to lifespan than money and birds. as for hauer, he ' atomic number 16 an actor i ' ve always admired. he receive a penchant for pick strange and unusual characters. and this nonpareil is no exclusion. helium ' s frequently check riding around his island on a white horse, wear plagiariser ' s clothing, and holstering a crossbreeding - bowknot. despite all his eccentric mannerisms, though, hauer forever manages to allow the human side of his character shine through. for example, there ' s a tantrum in which helium barks at turner and her logos because they get along onto his island a daylight early. helium comes polish off as crazy loner in that scene, only a few minutes later, he comprise apologize to turner, and we believe his intentions. shortly after, we find out he ' s a vietnam vet, and his actions become clean clear to us. " a breed aside " isn ' deoxythymidine monophosphate a great movie by any mean value, but it do contain beneficial performances by all three leads, and information technology ' s worth visualize for that reason alone. 