one of the most popular subplots in the entire science fabrication genre be fourth dimension travel. that construct, although many purists doubt its scientific credentials, spawn many interesting novels, comic record and films in the last one c. however, the big gilded - pop of time traveling, atomic number 1. g. wells ' novel the time machine, wasn ' t write with the purpose to speculate astir that concept oregon it consequences. the author, h. k. wells merely practice it as a convenient way to express his socialistic views and condemn the capital social gap between the fertile, idle capitalist social class and impoverish proletariat. any intentions wellspring had, the future genesis of proofreader were less impressed by his political messages. instead they were fascinated by the idea that the unknown new worlds could be explore without traveling trough outer space. the novel became 1 of large classics of science fable genre and it natural for film producer to use it as stirring. firstly of them was george pal, world health organization in 1960 directed film which would, through the years, suit genre graeco roman of its own. the plot revolves astir saint george (rod president taylor ), straitlaced scientist who discovered the way to jaunt through the fourth property - time. at the even of the raw 20th century, george gathers his friends in lodge to present them his invention - machine that would enable him to travel through with time. they represent skeptical, only that doesn ' t prevent george from carrying out his design and travel into the future. at first, he travels tardily, view london as it changes through the years and threesome reality wars. eventually, after witness world war three, he travels far into the future tense, skip that he would cease to witness wars and senseless destructions. when he finally make yr 802, 701 ad, at first glance, young mankind looks same utopia - humanity consists of young, beautiful, but unused eloi, people who are fed, clothed and taken care of by unseen machine. but, weena (yvette mimieux ), eloi woman, tells george about another face of the coin - in the nighttime, her people is raven upon by morlocs, humanoid animate being from the underworld. the time machine became the cinematic classic for the rattling same reason the novel go the classical in science fiction literature - the rattling construct was a brilliant way for the authors to sing about burning issues and veneration of their various times. for h. g. wells it was frightening threat of course of instruction struggle; for george iii pal and his screenwriter david isadora duncan, who produced the film in the worst sidereal day of the cold war, information technology be the unremitting and more imminent threat of nuclear holocaust, underlined with the negative quotation to war throughout the movie. even the modern interview, which would be tempt to discard the film as quondam - fashion, could find some economic value in its worldwide messages, paroxysm for each era. compared with the genre motion picture show of today, the time machine comprise even better, and could serve as a good example how to have intelligent, think - harass film. of course, since this is hollywood product after all, the time simple machine delivers such concepts in the build of classic risky venture, sometimes sacrificing plausibility for the interest of attraction. for example, it is hard to imagine that individual would live able to understand perfect english million years in future; same is with morlocs degenerating into mutant monster, while eloi rest insignificant from the people of today. some of the terminal scenery, that turn prissy scientist into an action superhero, be too rather unconvincing. but, on the other deal, the film is very well directed, cleverly paced and the limited result, although definitely old - forge, be more than than adequate for this sort of picture. the acting is good, with rod taylor in one of his most remembered part, while in the like time alan young add rather memorable performance as george iii ' s trust friend filby. yvette mimieux, who play weena, on the former hired hand, would be think back more than by her looks than by the complexity of her role. however, despite all those flaws, the clip political machine is a really sound piece of celluloid, something that connoisseurs of quality skill - fiction movie sorely miss these twenty four hours. 