at that place ' s a thin note between caustic remark and controversy, and mike nichols (the birdcage, beast) experience directed a keen and very good look at a us presidential election. based on the book write by " anonymous " (really former " newsweek " writer joe klein ), john travolta play governor jack stanton. simply atomic number 2 doesn ' t actually play stanton. helium plays bill clinton; just the same as emma thompson no dubiousness plays the first noblewoman and billy bob thorton be the political campaign operator james carville (although the credits will of course say otherwise ). the film is taken from the perspective of henry richard burton (adrian lester ), a virtuously correct and moderately hesitant new consultant to stanton. he searches for justice and dignity in the ugliest possible site, and whether it be keeping the history of his boss ' drawers under wraps or think over digging up dirt on another political leader, he approaches his oeuvre with a keen desire to skillfully serve his country and his fellow actor. richard jemmons (billy bob thorton) and daisy green (maura tierney) team upward with henry as the would - make up president ' s adviser, and hire lesbian veteran libby holden (kathy bates) as the campaign ' s eccentric " rugged than dirt " incriminator. together they look all sorting of intimate allegations, the irritatingly discourteous media and other witty politicians in the election race. in it satire and controversy, primary colour is a similar film to wag the dog: they both are non afraid to wipe their noses in the nitty - gritty and take a bold spirit at something that will never has honesty as a virtue. simply whereas waggle showed us how much affect a few people sack sustain on the media, primary colors follow much more concerned with flesh out it ' s fictitious character, countenance us understand what they want and why, and making us genuinely appreciate the humanity and rectitude that they graciously represent. seeing john lackland travolta dramatic play bill clinton so confidently and justifiedly is enough to make the film more than than deserving a look. and the rest of the cast also make superb performances - adrian lester aggressively portrays the understanding of william henry whilst kathy bat is everlasting as the robust and energetic willard frank libby holden. at occasion, you potty ' t help but experience that these terrific characters be going to waste. there are long slabs of time where lav travolta (emphatically the most interesting to watch) is missed from the screen; and since it is awkwardly structured as william henry ' s story we are often forced to watch scenes that perhaps are not and so necessary to the key plot - or still the point of the film. having say that, make no error - basal colors be always enjoyable to watch. only frequently we have to expect ourselves - exactly what are we observe? most of the first half of its duration embody a lightheaded look at melodramatic confrontations that seem so real we cannot help oneself merely laugh, but the elbow room elementary colors chooses to finish tackles aspect that are very contrary, and almost unsuitable, to the rest of the film. but as 1 mentioned before, there is a thin line between irony and contestation - and for the most part, chief colors delivers an entertaining indulgence of political matters combined with a far - from - overpower look at winning the public ' s opinion. although at occasions the film may leap around a little too freely, focus is never lost on how important and vulnerable the open subject truly is. thankfully, it be clear to make the distinction on what is hold movie cosmetics and what is a provocative documentation of something so actually information technology ' s scary. 