bill: some english hawthorn deliberate portions of the following text to be spoilers. be previse. among my fanatical ticker tape - worshipping friends, there ' s one who happens to share the same doctrine espoused by the primal character in darren aronofsky ' s darkly original pi: the entire stock market can be reduced to nothing but a serial of patterns which, through analysis, will produce selective information to accurately forecast future behaviour. ( an example of the learning ability involved: if the stock price snuff it improving same this, and and then down like that, and then sharply up this room, it then will go * this * way of life. ) while i freely admit that i know less than nothing about the market (knowledge substantiation: prices up - - good; price down - - bad; most of the time, at least) and hence real couldn ' t comment with any say so, information technology ' s constantly nonetheless struck me as an incredibly naive oversimplification of an astonishingly complex system (and besides, if it were that wide eyed, no doubt somebody would ' ve already figured it all out ). the difference in this cause is that while my workfellow (an differently assuredly realistic individual) truly trust in this in and of itself as a valid forecaster, pi uses this ideology as a device with which to inquire its fiber ' s psychosis. it ' s also immensely to a greater extent convincing with it argument. " mathematics is the language of the universe, " insists genius protagonist maximillian cohen (sean gullette) in a cool, mantra - like voice - concluded which repeats throughout the characterisation. since nature can be expressed in numbers, and there are patterns everyplace in nature, he reasons with eminent logic that recover the patterns will allow him to predict anything - - the ups and downs of the bloodline market, how many games the yankees will bring home the bacon this year, the flavour of jam single ' m going to put on my toast tomorrow morning. obsessed with finding the proverbial key to the universe, georgia home boy lives in paranoiac, self - imposed solitude in a seedy nyc chinatown flat, single - mindedly toiling out with his flagitious homemade data processor system. glumly withdrawn and plauged by debilitating megrim, the elusive quest of a mysterious 216 - finger's breadth phone number his machine spits come out one daytime is driving him into madness. the level, then, is essentially an eccentricity, but it ' s a clever, astute eccentricity, perceptively zeroing in on the advanced distrustfulness of mathematical reductionism; in an age where a dominant societal phobia is one ' s individuation being replaced by a series of numeric identifiers, max ' southward all - consuming penchent for phone number at once creates a lingering, unsettling mood. information technology helps matters that he ' s not a particularly likable protagonist. all try of friendliness from neighbours be shortly rebuffed by liquid ecstasy, a spindly, neurotic - looking individual world health organization hasn ' t the time to indulge in pleasantry. for a film which puts its lead character front and nitty gritty (mister. gullette appears in virtually every scene ), pi rent a refreshing and effective approach in avoiding schematic aesthetics; because of our ambivalence with max, we ' re non so much avidly rooting for him to triumph with a moment of epiphany as we ' re following him through this plot with a sentience of mixed apprehension and morbid fascination - - it ' s more disturbing journey than quest. still, we do like about georgia home boy ' s lot. totter on the edge of dementia, atomic number 2 winds up being pursued by two different groups which want to pick his mentality, both breast by deliciously perky, resolutely pollyannaish representative with inevitably duplictious intentions. as we know, in films where paranoia is a prevailing element (see the truman show ' s laura linney character ), or for that matter, in real life, it ' s always the ones who never stop smiling at you and are overly friendly that make up the ace of which to be wary. pi, a picture that addresses patterns, itself by design adheres to an identifiable shape cycle - - headache scene; important revelation or bit of plot developing; pill - popping montage; hallucinatory nightmare (with decidedly cronenberg - esque undertones - - few early directors be as equally skillful in bridging unsettling concepts and body - themed horror ); nosebleeding reality. the repetitiveness, far from being boring, is in effect maddening; more than than anything, the picture aims to get under our tegument and ingest in effect from max ' s claustrophobic position. in this regard, it wildly succeeds ascribable to mr. aronofsky ' s striking direction. information technology ' s a rarity that a film so completely steep itself into a champion ' s warped perspective of his surrounding, and high contrast black - and - white filming combined with ceaseless utilization of extreme closemouthed - ups lend a heightened sense of paranoia to the proceeding. ( in some scene, the stark composition in conjunctive with the log approach by mr. gullette cause his character reference peculiarly resemble a latter - day goop schreck, from nosferatu. ) using savage, jittery lensing and rapid cut to create a sense of disorientation, the picture be oft dizzying to behold, and max ' s in effect isolationism be emphasized by shots from the so - called snorri cam, which keep him in plain focus while the environment airstream by in bleary bursts. operative ' s raw, fast growing visuals are resonant of david lynch ' due south former work (in specific, eraserhead ). the celluloid ' mho sinister tone splashes onto the screen immediately with a dazzle opening credit sequence ably indorse by a sly electronic scotch by clint mansell, and gradually growth in intensity. still, amidst whole its kafkaesque lineament and overall dispassionate mood, shamus does occasionally display a sense of humour. at one and only point, marcy dawson (pamela hart, keen playfulness) entices grievous bodily harm with the go of an priceless treasure: a nonpareil - of - a - kind. .. computer poker chip. " international relations and security network ' t it beautiful, " she coo. a showcase for mr. aronofsky ' s technical virtuosity (make for $ 60 000, information technology ' s since gone on to capture acclaim at the 1998 sundance film festival ), pi follow an intriguingly cerebral story which, ironically, be peradventure the near purely visceral film of the year. 