while watching boiler room, single was constantly reminded of last class ' second masterpiece combat gild. both film consist of a predominately male cast. both picture follow young men as they illicitly fight the traditional system for their own desires. and both films are seen done the eyes of one narrator, world health organization finally realizes that these men make to be stopped. while boiler room writer / director ben younger does not get his pointedness across as well as david fincher does for fighting club, he does contribute another telling work to a serial of films train to stand for the new generation. a generation which has seen the internet prosper and where everyone wants to make up a millionaire. bear homage to oliver stone ' s 1987 classic wall street, young is almost modernizing the story by using unseasoned, hipper histrion to play the greedy villains as opposed to the older, more experient character. as is true in existent life, younger head are go richer and richer from their noesis of more standard technology. kettle room displace the notion of ingenuity and shows that greed and desire for power do in all ages. another law of similarity with fight society be that both films are non action flicks. some people exist convinced that an all - male cast automatically means there must cost bloodstained violence, hither be proof that this be non true. if you want to see an action at law movie starring ben affleck, go see reindeer game this weekend. if you want to run across a saucy, insightful film with excellent acting and a cagey script, see boiler room. giovanni ribisi gives an outstanding public presentation as the cinema ' s narrator, set. after dropping forbidden of college and running a lucrative play center for college students in his apartment, seth is bid a high pay job by a affluent man (nicky katt ). he agrees to involve the job (in which you are guarantee to go a millionaire within three class) of selling stock to well - off americans from the mid - due west over the telephone and begins to fit in quite substantially with his co - worker. get word tricky techniques to deceive innocent people into buying shares of a undecomposed in output, seth figures this is overly serious to be true. after stumbling into a elbow room at the wrong time, he sleep together there be something no more good about this company. at this point, seth is left with the ultimate alternative; continue with the american dream and make millions beaver state recount the authorities that something fishy is expire on. ribisi is believable as seth peculiarly when helium shares scenes with bokkos rifkin, playing seth ' s dad. the two have perfect alchemy as a turbulent father and word trying to print each other and simultaneously impress themselves. the changeover from anger to sympathy that these scenes contain are the standout section of the integral film. the confirm cast of greedy centennial state - workers is besides flawless. ben affleck shines in a short only sweet performance as a recruiter for the company, nicky katt is fabulous as the apparently friendly boss who eventually becomes extremely jealous of set, and vin diesel gives his best performance of his career as the foil character of nicky katt. the energy of the cast as a whole makes boiler room well pace and ne'er drilling. the only major error in the movie is that nothing major happens. in that location is no big plot twist or climatical point to make the motion picture to a greater extent memorable. imputable to the lack of a major event, steam boiler room never finds a worthy genre to fit into. the movie is not acute enough to make up a thriller, the romantic segment involving seth and abby (nia long) are not properly finalized, and the dialogue international relations and security network ' t rum enough to fix it a comedy. in experience trouble to characterize the movie as a whole, boiler way is slenderly confused at times. it doesn ' t seem to roll in the hay which category to fit itself into. one satisfying close scene could ingest alter the whole film for the estimable. otherwise, the moving picture is fun to watch thanks to its springy mould of youthful actors. 