precis: shrek (myers) be an ogre living in contented solitude deep in the heart of a forest, until his home is invaded by fairy tale creatures take flight the rule of the evil lord farquaad (john lithgow ). farquaad harmonize to relocate the gadfly, on the condition that shrek rescue princess fiona (diaz) - - whom farquaad desire to wed - - from a far - forth castle. grudgingly, shrek seth come out, joined in his pursuance by an unwanted companion, donkey (murphy ). followup: nonpareil memorable aspect of walt disney ' s " aladdin " constitute that it finally gave robin williams a part - - the djinny - - to scoop take advantage of his comic natural endowment. " shrek " does the same for eddie white potato; ironically, though, murphy ' s idealistic vessel turns ko'd to constitute an ass. all the same, " shrek " make represent murphy ' s near amusing outing in years, and as donkey he steal all the good melodic phrase. for instance, after getting belt out with pixie dust while try to conceal his nature as a magical wight, donkey soars into the air and scoff, " now i ' m a flying talking donkey! " and despite its many contributors, the script for " shrek " follow full of such comical gems. myers be delightful in more of a uncoiled man role, and lithgow also pay off some great moments (vigil for a hilarious repartee with the gingerbread human beings ). " shrek " withdraw outstanding pleasure in lampooning fairy tales and nursery rhymes of all sorts, and second stringer a few delightful whack at walter elias disney in the steal. things answer go somewhat astray during the picture ' southward middle segment, which concentrates too much on the main characters at the expense of some of the terrific fairy narration satire which exist the moving picture show ' s dandy military capability. but still then, one can always ride back and bask the beautiful estimator animation, whose noteworthy use of goods and services here represents yet another dazzling leap forward for the technology. 