in the beginning titled ' don river ' t lose your head ', this parody of the scarlet pimpernel account was the first carry on to be bring about by membership film productions. two english fops, the ' powdered, be - wigged, follow - ribboned ' sir rodney ffing (sidney james river) and his counterpart lord darcy pew (jim dale) decide to travel to revolutionary france in an attempt to rescue their fellow french royalists and patrician from losing their head by the guillotine. due to a series of machination and disguises, they are mostly successful. ffing becomes known as ' the disgraceful fingernail ' because he result a call card behind which show two finger sticking up, one with a black fingernail. after the fingernail rescues a prominent monarchist the duc de pommfrit (charles hawtrey ), citizen robespierre (simon peter gilmore) edict the head of the hugger mugger police citizen ' the self aggrandising cheese ' camembert (kenneth williams) and citizen bidet (peter butterworth) to follow the fingernail to england and do forth with him. ( in fact, darcy and ffing are their coachman! ) at one time at calais, the fingernail sports meeting jacqueline (dany robin) and they fall in love instantly. he tells her his identity and give her his locket. when camembert bring in that the fingernail is nearby, he searches the inn at calais and capture jacqueline, thinking that she be wearing a diguise and is very the fingernail! jacqueline is imprisoned in the bastille and camembert, his love desiree dubarry (joan sims ), and bidet all change of location to london in pursuit of the fingernail. they pretend to be of noble stock, calling themselves the duc and duchesse first state atomic number 57 plume de ma tante (with bidet their assistant) and be bid by darcy to a glob held by ffing. desiree finds taboo that ffing is the fingernail by wearing the locket around her cervix, but she ends up falling in love with him. ffing effort to stall camembert and then that he fire give back to the bastille to rescue jacqueline, camembert has her moved to the ' chateau neuve ', and a climactic steel - battle decides who testament lose their straits at the remnant of the film! a more complex story than most carry ons, this movie enjoy full product values (sets, costumes) and an on - form cast. sid james embody excellent as the english swell and black fingernail, kenneth williams excels as the evil camembert, and peter butterworth like an expert plays the significant persona of camembert ' s thick - witted crony. early acting accolade pass to joan sims who is perfect as desiree and charles hawtrey who exist excellent as the french aristo pommfrit. although it suffers from a disasterously terminated - long brand scrap at the terminal of the film, information technology is largely successful due to the performances of the principal stars, its slick and professional yield, and information technology better - than - usual book. definitely i of the good of the series and a joy to watch. 