forthwith that " boogie night " has made disco respectable again (comfortably, fashionable at least ), we shouldn ' mt represent surprised to see more than films glorifying that dubitable era. the latest art star sign rendition be whit stillman ' s " the last twenty four hours of discotheque. " stillman, who made " metropolitan " and " barcelona " using some of the like actors, uses disco ' s final hour to highlight what be another conversation - heavy movie that benefits from typically sharp writing from the theatre director. the young, upwardly - roving professional person (don ' t call off them yuppie! ) men and women of " the last place days of disco " shop at a prestigious new house of york metropolis nightclub pulsating to the sea bass - pounding rhythms of ground malarkey and fervidness, amy grant, and andrea true connexion. hither they talk and talk of the town and talk, intellectualizing about such thing as dating, success, and be like, accepted, and admired. if public lecture is chintzy, " the last days of disco " moldiness sure enough hold been an extremely inexpensive movie to shoot. what makes the flick thus entertaining is that this preppie, harvard - civilise jet fix actually have got something to say and say it with wit, perception, and dash (include, at i point, a riotously inventive deconstruction of " the dame and the tramp " ). na? ve alice (chlo? sevigny) and advanced charlotte (kate beckinsale) are late college graduates world health organization work as adjunct editors for a modern york publishing house. charlotte cost positive and outspoken - - perchance a little excessively outspoken; alice is shy and self examining, " like a kindergarten instructor. " the two friends often doll themselves improving and lead out to the nameless nightspot, looking secure and looking for excitement (and that ms. beckinsale sure depend skilful on a dancefloor! ). here they meet, or re - sports meeting, a variety of eligible man, many of whom they know in college. des (played by stillman favorite christopher eigeman) cost one of the club ' s managers whose job be on the personal credit line for sneaking his ad federal agency buddies in the spinal column. stilbestrol has reached a crisis decimal point in his life: helium barely found prohibited - - last wednesday, in fact - - that he ' s gay. whether information technology ' s lawful surgery not, information technology makes for a convenient excuse to dump his late girlfriend (jennifer beals in a small but soul - baring turn ). charlotte observes cattily that the only jovial thing astir des is his mouthpiece. jemmy (mackenzie astin) is the publicizing exec world health organization, by the ending of the picture, winds up heading for a raw job opportunity in spain (visual sensation of " barcelona "? ). josh (matt keeslar) is an assistant territorial dominion lawyer world health organization dreams of be able to say, precisely once, " book this goof! " and robert sean elmore leonard plays another one of alice ' s rotate suitors; the two have an risible exchange about the true definition of virginity. any film that can make robert sean elmore leonard palatable is worthy of deference in my leger. in fact, the entire ensemble be appeal in that well - talk stillman way. while the eschewing of " ferocious pair " is a favored topic of conversation in the film, the supporter tend to drop off in and extinct of love, lust, and trouble with each other in an emotional merry - go - round that cleverly develops its characters done the " preferred " dynamics of social group fundamental interaction. more mature than stillman ' s previous deuce film, " the final clarence day of disco " is as consistently droll as it is stimulating. information technology ' s a movie you should definitely aim on down to. 