synopsis: upper middle class, suburban family gentleman lester (kevin spacey) realizes that he is just move through the motions: he is unable to feel passion of christ; he is soulless, cynical, and no more longer capable to feel the border between success and failure. everyone else around him sustain similar symptoms. lester ' s unassertive girl jane (thora birch) is to a fault unenrgetic to change her human beings, yet all too quick to whine and kvetch. his wife carolyn (annette bening) is reduce to keeping upward appearances and recount commercialist slogans. and these be people with a big planetary house and a decent standard of animation. the only individual who appear able to appreciate beauty and freedom and life be the person most deprived of it: a pot - divvy up stripling from across the street who is practically incarcerate by a domineering, bully father. when lester embarks on a mad scramble to feel the edge again, the fact that helium has quit his line of work to feel what information technology ' s comparable - - and his newfound pursuit in exercise to impress a teenage girl - - ruffle a lot of feathering in the family. will lester regain his ability to appreciate life? opinion: people say information technology all the time: you never apprise estimable health until information technology ' s gone. also, people raised in fabulously pampered prosperity tin become unhappy and spiteful complete the dumbest, most inconsequent trouble, simply because they get no clue how good they have it. sometimes information technology pack a near declivity - - unintentionally or through with deliberate fasting - - to move ko'd of apathy and reclaim your ability to challenge the world. the privation / appreciation cycle is a major theme of american lulu. american peach is a non - recipe, intelligent and articulate movie that offer fantastic performances by everyone in the cast, especially kevin spacey, who is just gosh darn astound this flick. the thing i like astir american beauty is that at that place is no schmaltzy euphony, no infirmary scene nor any overly dramatic hokum. the movie entertains and offer up brilliant performances just as represent. if you are in the humor for a thoughtful, non - rule flick, i extremely recommend american beauty. 