i was uneasy to see this for a tenacious time. a friend of mine recommended this to me because helium has a jam on neve joseph campbell, and atomic number 2 wanted to prove that she ' s every bit hot as atomic number 2 thinks atomic number 2 is. atomic number 2 test it for me all right, but the reasons i relish this plastic film go manner beyond that. scream treads on familar primer, revulsion movie with, as star neve campbell puts it, " some stupid sea wolf stalking some big breasted girl who bathroom ' t act who ' s always running up the stairs when she should be run ko'd the front door. " information technology ' s really familar, your typical horror film. so why, you may require after check it, does it seem so raw and original? because it treats itself as if information technology hasn ' t cost done before, and thus the viewer is disilusioned into believe that information technology is not honest to goodness, familar tired stuff. this raises another query: how does it practise this? simple: the character. they ' re not your distinctive dazed horror film dupe world health organization don ' t know what the hell to do when being chased by a guy cable in a ski masquerade party and a machette. they are horror fans, they know how stuff materialize in a horror movie, they know what to do and what non to serve, and that pee pee it scary, and yet funny at certain times. you can recite this just by watching the possibility scene where casey becker (drew barrymore) is making popcorn, getting ready to watch a video, and some guy who sound like a killer call her up to play a biz with her that involves horror movie triva that, if she gets it wrong, will get her and her boyfriend drink down. she knows what to answer when helium require her horror film questions, she simply stern ' t answer his last question, " what door am i at? " and that stupefy her killed. that scene work out because in a normal horror movie, half the thing that bechance in that scene would ne'er happen. the plot is typical horror stuff: sir philip sidney prescott (an impressive neve joseph campbell ), an attractive young high school student world health organization ' s mother live kill a twelvemonth ago tommorrow, is being stalked by a killer who ' s antecedently murdered one of her classmates (casey, naturally ), and everybody in this small, california townsfolk is a suspect, including sidney ' s boyfriend, billy loomis. but as atomic number 53 said before, these people know how horror picture make, and that ' s what make it so appeal. that and the reference to horror movie, like when casey says, " the initiatory (incubus on elm street) was scary, but the residual suck. " which is obviously director wes craven (world health organization does a good job of poking fun of the musical style that made him a legend) patting himself on the rear as he directed the first nightmare picture show and none of the others, and when tatum, sidney ' s friend, mentions the director, wes carpenter, which is plain an homage by writer kevin williamson to not only craven, but also conductor john carpenter. the cast exist well chosen, neve joseph campbell pulls off a good heroine (and dissimilar most horror film heroines, she * keister * enactment ), drew barrymore does a well janet leigh impression for what little time she has in the film, and david arquette is impressive. also good (and funny story) in his role is henry winkler (" the fonz ") as the schooltime star. iodine took one half a point polish off for the unnecessary (albeit limited) coming into court by champion ' courteney cox as reporter, gail edwards, sidney ' s contender because she covered her mother ' s disappearance. i hate that show, i detest those thespian. they ' re untalented, overexposed, and overpaid, imho, and 1 would think wes poltroon is smart plenty to know those thespian are overexposed plenty, but i presuppose he isn ' t. 