this summer, one of the most charged novels in john grisham ' s series, a time to kill, was made into a major motion picture. on january 3 of this year, rob reiner basically re - released the film under the title of ghosts of mississippi. based on the true story of 1963 civil rights leader medgar evars ' assassination, ghosts of mississippi revolves around the 25 - year legal battle faced by myrlie evars (whoopi goldberg, sister act) and her quest to have her husband ' s obvious assassin and racist byron de la beckwith (woods, casino) jailed. so she turns to assistant district attorney and prosecutor bobby delaughter (alec baldwin, heaven ' s prisoners) to imprison the former kkk member. ghosts sets its tone with an opening montage of images from african - american history, from slave - ship miseries to life in the racist south of the 1960 ' s. but all too soon, the white folks take over, intoning lines like " what ' s america got to do with anything? this is! " as beckwith, james woods, with his larded with latex most of the time as an old, teeters between portraying evil and its character. meanwhile, goldberg turns in a very serious and weepy performance as the wife who wouldn ' t let her husband ' s death rest until she got the conviction. both deserve serious oscar - consideration. this brings to the dull performance of baldwin. let ' s face it, trying to match matthew mcconaughey ' s wonderful acting in a time to kill is basically impossible. and baldwin is living proof of this, as no emotions could be felt. it seemed as if he actually had to struggle to shed a single tear. either poor acting or poor directing, but something definitely wrong. another strange mishap was the fact that goldberg ' s facial features didn ' t change, as she looked the same in the courtroom she did holding her husband ' s dead body 25 - years earlier. yet woods ' was plastered with enough make up to make him like goldberg ' s father. at least the make - up was realistic. with some emotional moments in the poorly written script, ghosts of mississippi lacked in heart, when its predecessor, a time to kill, brought tears to everyone ' s eyes. don ' t get me wrong, the movie wasn ' t all that bad, but if you ' ve seen grisham ' s masterpiece, then don ' t expect this one to be an excellent film.,