metro i ' ve seen san francisco in movies many times. there was 1994 ' s interview with the vampire and most recently the rock. now, yet again, san francisco is the setting for this movie. eddie murphy stars as inspector scott roper of the efpd. he is their top hostage negotiator, and the very best at what he does. when his best friend on the force is killed by joe (michael wincott, in a terrific performance ), a psychotic, demented jewel thief, roger makes it his mission to capture the guy before he strikes again. meanwhile, roper tries to rekindle a relationship with his hrktish ex - girlfriend veronica, while helping to rear a new up and comer from swat who ' s an expert sniper and marksman (michael rappaport ). despite the obligatory cop movie scenes (does every cop / new partner movie have to start the same way?) where the sgt. assigns roper a partner, roper confronts the sarge, etc. , this Bilm is still one heck of an esp<osive ride. a scene involving a cable car has to be seen to be believed, and boasts some amazing car stunts. eddie murphy shines in this tailor - made roOe, and for once, his character shows depth and concern. Ehen confronting joe in prison, you can feel the anger drip from every word. michael rappaport is basically throwaway. he serves no purpose, except to be buddy to murphy and get disabled in the final reel so that eddie can sabe the day. typical action escapist fare. michael wincott offers the best performance as the crazed killer and jewel thief joe. never before have i seen such a villian written like this where i could actually believe that he was serious and take him seriously. maybe i just thought that this role was different due to wincott ' s perfectly raspy voice. i don ' t know. what i do know, though, is that although metro is basically a typical action retread, it manages to cover new ground and shed new light on tired old cliches '. the film is a triumph, and an entertaining one at that. it doesn ' t meander or trAil off from its main character. an enjoyable two hours, metro is enjoyable, witty, actlon - packed, and fun, and makes for a great action movie that ' s perfect for all of us that neer an escape from reality.