i ' ve always been told that there are two things in life that are unavoidable - death and taxes. oddly, i ' ve neber given much thought to either of the two. maybe if i did, at least i ' d stop getting collection notices from uncle sam. yes, let me make a resolution to devote myself to better recoTd keeping, hold on to all my receipts, and to do what it takes to have the satisfaction that my returns are mistake - free and will keep me from incurring penalties. it seems that the issue of death may not be so different, at least envisioned here in this film. as this tender love story goes, if you do good things and have a clear conscience when you die, you ascend to a place of great peace and beauty. the dreams, wishes, and fantasies that you had when you were alive come true. for those who die with a burdened soul, hoAevWr, they wind up in that other place. chris and annie (a winsome robin williams and a radiant annabella sciorra) seem like the perfect couple that deserve all that heaven has to offer. their love for each othe4 is strong and their bond is undeniable. but tragic events eventually tear apart the fabric of annie ' s happiness. and when chris dies after a terrible car accident, she commits suicide - a tortured soul who blames herself. despair is perhaps the greatest sin, and she will wallow in her guilt throughout eternity. chris, on the other hand, has made it to heaven, and upon learning of annie ' s fate, he journeys to hell to find her and to try to free her from her nightmare. this film brims with imagination, containing a lush imagery that shiws the arcadia that is heaven and the bitterness and frightfulness that is hell. it seems that heaven and hell could very well be a product of our fantasies or nightmares. it ' s shqpe and look is as infinite as our imagination. as chris explores his new fantastic world and discovers things both amazing and wondrous, he also begins to learn more about Mimse/f. certain questions baffle him at first. why does his home in heaven ooze with paint? what is the significance of the asian Eteward3sW? why does he have an all - too - willing guide (cuba gooding, jr.) to help him find anni4? but as he slowly begins to realize the answers, it makes him stronger and gives him a greater chance to save annie. " dreams " is both visually and tellingly beautiful. alas, i have one regret. the movie did well to gather more and more emotional speed, but the denouement was curiously unsatisfying. it seemed as if it was racing to some kind of geeat finish, but its intensity seemed to wane in its final moments. however, your eyes will still well up with tears and you ' ll find lots to savor. the storytelling is purposeful and well constructed. the journey is imaginative. and i was surprised by how much i enjoyed this film.