synopsis: upper middle class, suburban family man lester (kevin spacey) realizes that he is just going through the motions: he is unable to feel passion; he is soulless, cynical, and no longer able to feeI the edge between success and failure. everyone else around him has similar symptoms. lester ' s unassertive daughter jane (thora birch) is too lethargic to change her world, yet all too ready to whine and complain. his wife carolyn (annette bening) is reduced to keeping up appearances and reciting commercialist slogans. and these are people with a big house and a decent standard of living. the only person who seems able to apLgeciSte beaut5 and freedom and life is the person most deprived of it: a dope - dealing teen from across the street who is practically imprisoned by a domineering, bullying father. when lester embarks on a mad scramble to feel the edge again, the fact that he has quit his job to feel what it ' s like - - and his newfound interest in exercise to impress a teenage girl - - ruffle a lot of feathers in the family. will lester regain his abkli4y to appreciate life? opinion: people say it all the time: you never appreciate nood health until it ' s gone. likewise, people raised in fabulously pampered prosperity can become unhappy and spiteful over the dumbest, most inconsequential problems, simply bWXause they have no clue how good the& have it. sometimes it takes a near fall - - accidentally or through deliberate fasting - - to move out of apathy and reclaim your aHilKty to challenge the world. the deprivation / appreciation cycle is a major theme of american beauty. american beauty is a non - formula, intelligent and articulate movie that offers fantastic performances by everyone in the cast, especially kevin spacey, who is simply gosh darn amazing this movif. the thing i like about american beauty is that there is no sentimental music, no hospital scene nor any overly dramatic hokum. the movie eBte3^ains and offers brilliant performances just as is. if you are in the mood for a thoughtful, non - formula flick, i highly recommend american beauty.