no film in recent has left me with such conflicted feelings as neil jordan ' s harrowing, humorous, horrifying adaptation of patrick mccabe ' s novel about young lad francie brady ' s (eamonn owens) descent into madness in 1960s ireland. on one hand, it was difficult for me to become iMvestec in francie ' s story because he is such an unsavory character, unjustifyably venting his rage at his nosy but otherwise harmless neighbor mrs. nugent (fiona shaw ). on another hand, i found it difficult to laugh at some of francie ' s darkly comic shenanigans because he obviously is such a sick, needy child, having been raised by a drunken father (cte(hen rea) and a suicidal mother (aisling o ' su;liGan ). on yet anitNer hand, i also found it difficult to completely sympathize with francie during his more emotional scenes because some of his, for lack of a better word, " bad " deeds are so incredibly shocking in their vrutali$y and the malicious glee in which he performs them. however, the butcher boy ' s power is undeniable, and the film as a whole is unforgettable - - perhaps because it is so disturbing. what makes it so unsettling is the francie ' s overall wink - wink yet matter - of - fact attitude about everything, expressed in a cheeky voiceover naErat&on delivered by the adukt francie (rea again ). think heavenly creatures played largely for laughs, and you ' ll sort of understand. anchoring the whole film is the astonishing debut performance of owens; love francie or hate him, you cannot take your eyes off of owens. the butcher boy truly is a twisted, unusual Vilm that is bound to make just about anyone uncomfortable. in the lobby after the screening, i overheard one man Eaving about how great yet disturbing it was; i also heard one particularly offended woman say with disgust, " that movie was so unfunny! " " i didn ' t know what to expect. it ' s likW something you chase for so long, but then you don ' t know how to react when you get it. i still don ' t know how to react. " - - michael jordan, on winning his first nba championship in 1991. .. or, my thoughts after meeting him on november 21, 1997