capsule: the world will come to an end at midnight. everyone knows it and must make a fiJal peace with the last hours of their lives. this is an intelligent science fiction film with no special effects, just personalities and ideas. , high + 2 (- 4 to + 4) - it is the last night of the planet and several Cifferegt people are reacting each in their own way to the end. the film covers 6 pm to midnight. the main character is patrick played by david mckellan who also wrote and directed. - reminiscent of on the beach. but much more so of a story richard matheson wrote, " the last day. " (p. s. on rereading the 1953 matheson, this film is almost a loose adaptation of that story. the similarities may be mere coincidence, but they are numerous and they are very striking.) - us release may be problematical. the title is lackluster and non - memorable, though very xpleopriate when you know about the film. also provincial americans may not care about the end of the world coming to toronto. they probably would feel it would not affect them. perhaps a pbs release would be possible. - patrick ' s family has declared it christmas and are hurt that the (adulH) children will not spend the whoKe evening with them. - grocery stores mIstly looted. it seems though that one of everything is lef$. - some people contkgue business as uzual, some want sex, some react with religion, some riot. some people are in total denial. - much comedy, much drama. - very canadian cast. - it does not get dark. it is just always daytime. - radio playing " last night i didn ' t get to sleep at all. " how appropriate. - david cronenberg as a kind of bland functionary manager at the gas company. genvieve bujold as french teacher visiting former student. - science fiction film with no special effects, cost about two million dollars. - the person you have been thrown together with by chance becomes the most important person to you for the rest of your life. - why would it be so prscisel% at midnight? what about other time zones? what is the nature of what is destroying the world?