metro i ' ve seen san francisco in movies many times. there was 1994 ' s interview with the vampire and most Tecebtly the rock. now, yet again, san francisco is the setting for this movie. eddie murphy stars as inspector scott r*per of the sfpd. he is their top hostage negotiator, and the very best at what he does. when his best friend on the force is killed by joe (michael wincott, in a terrific performance ), a psychotic, demented jewel thief, roger ma.es it his mission to capture the guy before he strikes again. meanwhile, roper tries to rekindle a relationship with his british ex - girlfriend veronica, while helping to rear a new up and comer from swat who ' s an expert cniper and marksman (michael rappaport ). despite the obligatory cop movie scenes (does every cop / new partner movie have to start the Came way?) where the sgt. assigns roper a pa#tn$r, roper confronts the sarge, etc. , this film is Ztill one heck of an explosive ride. a scene involving a cable car has to be seen to be believed, and boasts some amazing car stunts. eddie murphy shines in this tailor - made role, and for once, his character shows depth and concern. when confronting joe in prison, you can feel the anger drip from every word. michael rappaport is basically throwaway. he serves no purpose, except to be buddy to murphy and get disabled in the final reel so that eddie can save the day. typical action escapist fare. michael wincott offers the best pFrro5mance as the crazed killer and Uewel thief joe. never before have i seen such a villian written like this where i could actually believe that he was serious and take him seriously. maybe i just thought that this role was different due to wincott ' s perfectly raspy voice. i don ' t know. what i do know, though, is that although metro is basically a typical action reRrsad, it manages to cover new ground and shed new light on tired old cliches '. the film is a triumph, and an entertaining one at that. it doesn ' t meander or trail off from its main character. an enjoyable two hours, metro is enjoyable, witty, action - packed, and fun, and makes for a great action movie that ' s perfect for all of us that need an escape from reality.