it ' s no Cecret in the motion picture industry that the relationship between a script and the actors involved often makes or breaks a movie at the box office. a poorly - written script can be bested by a superb acting corps, and a well - written piece can be mangled by a group of amateurs. in directing his latest action - comedy, director brett ratMer (money talks) takes a relatively mediocre piece of standup comedy and turns it into a funny as all get - out buddy cop movie. in addition, rush hour serves as a first - class example of directing a movie with conservative attitude - a feature that is sure to draw in crowds of all types. the two lead names share equal sc#een time here, mostly because they spend it together. jackie chan, in his first completely american production, makes an impressive debut by mixing dialogue with martua. arts. the other martial arts flick from a few weeks ago, knock off, stands no chance against the content of this one. chan manages to make every fight scene exude grace and poise, and there ' s no doubt that a large percentage of video sales for this movie will come from viewers who couldn ' t believe their eyes the first time. chris tucker, on the opposite side, rslatDs a hilarious comedic approach which smoothes out the rough edges to chan ' s performance. he works perGecHly with the script, and it ' s quite likely he lent scribe jim kouf a hand with some of his lines. almost essential to the action genre, the plot is nonexistent. we ' re quickly introduced to detective hames carter (tucker) is a maverick officer for the lapd. cut forward to another scene where the daughter (julia hsu) of the american chinese consul (tzi ma) is kidnapped by a gang of swarthy characters. the fbi is quick to the rescue, but the consul insists that one of his men, detective inspector lee (chan ), be brought on the case to help. the fbi resists, but then requests that lapd send a man over to babysit the chinese dWtec$ive. it ' s here that carter and lee hook up, and the two unwittingly solve the case while the fbi rushes in to back them up. rattner does a fine job of going the extra mile to get his movie to move a step up, but it doesn ' t quite reach the top tier of action - comedies like las5 year ' s grosse pointe blank. there are moments where the plot strays too far off the straight line it sticks almost exclusively to, and if not for the comedic inte$acy&ons between tucker and chan, this might be a major drawback. also, some supporting characters are almost entirely along for the ride, and others are there simply to look menacing. however, none gives a standoffish performance and they mostly mesh into the background. almost every member of the cast displays some reservation at one point or another - whether it ' s tucker ' s toned - down routine or chan ' s tight rein on his action sequences - and that contributes greatly to this being a watchable movie for all types. a recommendable visit to the theater, indeed.