disney ' " air bud " tells a boy - and - his - dog story with a twist - - the pooch is quite an accomplished basketball player. granted, for a family comedy, it ' s not a very funny or successful idea to begin with, but it doesn ' t seem to matter - - " air bud " is surprisingly. save for occasional moments of forced slapstick, the movie wags its tale with a straight face - - not a very enjoyable approach. if " air bud " had realized its own absurdity, then it possibly could have been better. here, we ' re actually asked to cheer a moment when the dog marches out to save the big game, clad in two pairs of sneakers and even a jersey. its number? k9. yeah, whatever. the movie opens as golden retriever buddy (as himself) escapes from his current owner, abusive clown - for - hire norm snively (jeter ). he ends up in fernwell, washington, where mopey new - kid - on - the - block josh (kevin zegers) is trying to cope with the move and the recent death of his father. buddy, kevin. kevin, buddy. once the dog proves his on - court prowess, ' s self - esteem rockets. they both win places in the school ' s basketball team, with the animal as their mascot. but before they can make it the finals, snively surfaces to reclaim buddy. everything plays out just as one would: heavy on predictability, light on an actual story. the follows a calculated chain of events - - kevin ' s gloom, snively gets his comeuppance and contracts rabies and must be executed old yeller - style. okay, that last one ' s a lie, but at least it would have been a quicker send - off than " air bud " ' s courtroom climax - - no joke! there ' s even a faux - cute musical montage where a reluctant buddy gets cleaned - up to " splish splash. " paint cans are spilled and newspapers are buried, all in the name of formula. the credits note that " no special visual effects were used in the basketball sequences of this motion picture. " that very well may be true, and although to see a dog sink shots is quite a sight, a movie cannot exist on feat alone. but " air bud " doesn ' t seem to be interested in anything else. a friend of mine insists he saw buddy a while back on a segment of david letterman ' s " stupid pet tricks. " i can ' t think of a more appropriate connection - - this movie is a stupid pet trick.