sometimes i wonder just what the censors are thinking. take this film, " naked killer ", it ' s ingredients are heavy doses of violence, rape sequences, straight and lesbian sex scenes and what our system calls " coarse language ". but what do those intelligent people at the censorship bureau choose to remove in case someone will get offended? one word - penis. that ' s it. in spite everything else in the movie the one thing that the censors decide is too much is " penis. ". it really restores you ' re faith in the system, huh? anyway, that ' s just a side point. when naked killer was released in the local independent cinemas around melbourne, it was advertised ad nausuem as a hip, cool, controversial thriller. what they forgot to mention was that it isn ' t very good. the plot involves male cop tinam (simon yam ), investigating a series of brutal murders. while getting a haircut meets and himself attracted to girl named kitty (chingmy yau ), who, after extracting revenge on the man who killed her father, falls in with professional sister cindy (svenwara madoka ). realising kitty has potential, cindy decides to train kitty in several unusual and ridiculous ways and gives her a new identity. however in the course of his investigation tinam (who believed kitty had disappeared ), runs into her again, but isn ' t quite sure if it ' s her. to complicate matters the actual serial killlers, princess and baby, who a former students of cindy, have been told to kill their master and her new student. from then the action ensues. .. all in all, this is not a well movie. the script is awful, the direction all over the place, the editing is jerky and confusing and the subtitling is surprisingly poor. however the are a few stand alone pieces that do entertain. the shoot out in the car park is almost woo - like in adrenaline. the fight scenes are energetic and i guess it must get a few for trying something a little different. let me put this way, if you like action - get something else, if you like strong women in movies - get something else, if you have do decide between this and " black cat " for your hong kong female action - don ' t get either. even for curiosity value it just isn ' t worth it. let ' s face it - if ever the was a movie that became popular on it ' s subject alone, this is it.