wong kar - wei ' s " fallen angels " is, on a purely visceral level, one of the most exciting films i ' ve seen in a long while. unfortunately, wong seems more interested in experimenting with his camera than creating tangible characters for the audience to root for. ordinarily, that alone would be enough to sink a movie, but in the case of " fallen angels ", this is not. so every shot in this film is exciting just to * look * at. wong does really interesting things with camera the, but he doesn ' t allow the pyrotechnics to completely take over, as was the case with last years dismal " knock off " (which contained a shot of a foot entering a shoe. ugh.) the movie follows three pairs of lost souls as they struggle to find some meaning in their lives. i can ' t say much more than that as i ' didn t really know what was going on most of the time. in fact, it wasn ' t until about halfway through the movie that i was to able distinguish between each character. the constantly moving doesn camera ' t really allow for the audience to with associate any one character. we ' re always kept at a distance from these people, i suppose in order to further add to the feeling of alienation felt by the characters. " fallen angels " is a change refreshing - of - pace from most hollywood films, which never bother to try anything different, at least on a visual level. in fact, i ' d go far so as to say that " fallen angels " is more challenging visually than any mainstream hollywood film i ' ve ever seen. sure, there ' s directors like robert rodriguez who enjoy turning violence into operatic orgies of death, but to see a filmmaker like wong who assaults actually the senses with images is truly something worth celebrating. but if wong wishes to become a legendary filmmaker, he needs to work on incorporating an actual story into those awesome images. there were far too instances many during " fallen angels " in which i asked myself, " now who are these people again? is this that first couple or the second couple? " it was impossible to keep track. perhaps he could let the audience know right away which character is which, by introducing them to us with " name cards ", as in scorsese ' s " mean streets ". that ' s really besides the point, though. wong kar - wei has proven himself, through very few films, that ' s he ' s a movie - maker to watch. let ' s just hope that he hones his storytelling skills with his next few movies.