running time about 1hr 40mins reviewed by jack choo valuation: the movie starts with a rather se7en - ish chess opening chronological sequence, rather cool and place the mood for things to arrive. the write up propels the consultation into a neo - reality; somewhat very nigh to conscious reality just fortify with weird tinges of blue and reddish. existenz is actually the public figure of a young virtual - reality game. purportedly, vr games are highly popular as be view a legal - drug in this neo - world. * * * * (leigh) be the ultimate game creator and introduces her ultimate plot - experience in the form of existenz. musician are required to have bio - port engraft in their spine, which plugs to a game - pod in order to revel the immersive experience. during a secretive genus beta - test - cum - teaser meeting for this young game, an blackwash endeavor on * * * spirit occurs and she runs off with fellow bodyguard * * * (law ). * * * is more of a realists than anything else, afraid that he ' ll lose reality if atomic number 2 begin to toy these games but * * * requires his avail to immerse together with her into existenz to gibe if the program live still functioning properly after the assassination endeavor. as they soon discover, they comprise channel between realities within existenz expose more than they initially expected. existenz has all the cronenberg - albert gore jr. that is expected of him. even so, this film make up no - where near his craze classics such as videodrome or scanner. non even half equally nail biting as the commercially successful the fly. existenz can probably be looked upon as his xc ' s version of videodrome, even so, information technology be a poor follow - up. while in most of his famed films, his preference for gore forever hit the right note with theme of the film and plot. in existenz, the gory sequences are no more attached to spirit of the film and appear to represent an act of ended - indulgence than anything else. jennifer jason leigh and jude legal philosophy, both commendable actors, looked aloof and miss - take throughout the integral picture. the scripting and acting barely pulls the film stunned of the b - grade category. it be obvious that cronenberg worked on a really tight - budget and information technology seems that he handled that pretty intimately in the production design and values created for this film (the opening succession, though, probably form a considerable portion of the budget! ) which is in reality quite good. existenz embody excessively predictable and cliched in these times. 10 twelvemonth ago, it would get been another classic for cronenberg. cronenberg fans still, (those multitude who enjoy seeing friends getting queasy ended mutilation on motion picture) should not give this film a miss as some form of appreciation can still be offer by you. 