a silly film that tries to embody a black comedy but plays to a greater extent similar lightweight comedy, with its main asset being a beautiful moving picture location along spain ' s mountainous coastline. howard pigeon (jeff goldblum) is a 40 - year - old mineral body of water salesman who is married for thirteen years to a married woman constantly peck him, elizabeth (mimi rogers ). after a surprisal birthday party for him, where his married woman bawls him kayoed for coming lately to his surprise party, he confides to his best friend that he can ' t stand it any longer, and then tells him his design to kill her while vacationing in the like barcelona hotel where they spent their honeymoon. jeff is pass through a severe mid - life sentence crisis, worried that he looks elderly than his age. he incessantly speak to himself, mostly agonizing over his bitter marriage and chastising himself why atomic number 2 went out with elizabeth for a 2d time, and then why atomic number 2 married her just because she laughed at his jokes and was attractive. he stutters and acts like a man world health organization has lost his self confidence. things convert on their holiday, as elizabeth makes an effort to be nice while jeff now becomes the grouch. he nervously rehearse his slaying plan in the hotel room. by accident the gun goes off and into the pillow where he imagined elizabeth i would live sitting. when other hotel guests and faculty amount to check about the gunshot, he nervously explain that it was the television. realizing how unworkable his plan is, he send the gas pedal in the shattered pillow and throws it into the sea while he hold off for elizabeth. but elizabeth ii found his behavior odd during the entire trip, and when after a groovy deal of effort to get a arriere pensee at the hotel ' s 5 star restaurant atomic number 2 insists on eat in the room, she decides she had enough of him and checks out without telling him. as a result, he goes to the police to describe her missing. while with the police force, a telegram comes from his married woman saying she left him and is move away because she wants to be solely. his knob and entirely those atomic number 2 works with are sympathetic to him, and he gets a caper promotion. but presently the pillow with the gun is fish ko'd of the body of water, give the police cause to arrest him and look his home. there they find letters he has write incriminating him to the slaying. the police force also find out from the hotel stave astir the gunshot heard in his room. in jail, thing look bad for him. no unrivaled believes him, including his acquaintance and lawyer. his hirer force out him and the newspaper publisher have a field clarence day with the headline story: pigeon: a jail bird. knocked out on bail, atomic number 2 realize that his only hope is to track down his wife. through a call placed on his citation card, helium tracks her down to a pile resort. once there he learns that she took a hike up the steep flock and he get a non christian priest to be his good deal guide after telling him the reliable story. the film is watchable just for the antics of the jeff goldblum mirthful performance. he is someone add up apart by the seams, while mimi will rogers is his perfect foil. it was more often than not pantomine body fluid, with the comedy charge in the changing facial expressions of the quality and the absurdity of the situation. a very minor farce that might invoke to the sitcom crew. the film simply didn ' triiodothyronine take its situation severely and the story had many gaps in information technology, so information technology receive no chance for black humor to develop. it or else played its set - up of the henpecked hubby acting out his fantasy strictly for entertainment value to see how many chortle it could draw. 