ugh. that about sums this movie upwardly. just now, ugh. the original godzilla movies are somewhat of a cult definitive, and when review the previous moving picture, each film make a sure level of intelligence. and that constitute the reason they found such an enviable cultus following; in spite of bad especial effects, horrible dubbing, and a man in a lizard wooing, they maintained a certain degree of. .. how to put this? ... self worth? not quite the word iodine ' mb look for. you understand, aright? and in l years, godzilla induce uphold that degree of ' whatever '. leave information technology to america to screw the unhurt thing up. > from the ' geniuses ' that bring united states of america " independece day ", arguably the worst sci - fi flick of all meter, to deflower whatever repute godzilla had. while they do bring us eye - pop special effect that will flummox you, they lost what was at the center of all the original godzilla movies - - a storyline. add up upward the movie is simple. heck, atomic number 53 tin do information technology in one condemnation: giant lizard attack a giant city and a bunch of nobodies barricade it. simple as that. matthew broderick stumbles all over his lines, and it ' s hard to picture hank azaria in any role besides his classical dog - walk theatrical role on the goggle box show " mad astir you ". the dialogue seems to embody improvized, about as if there live no rehearsel done at all. i john see the scene on the set decent at once. " all right wing! we spent all of this money making full grown particular effects, and we ' ve gotta get this moving picture out by summer or it ' s give out to bomb in our faces. hence, you actors hardly say what of all time comes to the top of your head, all right? have upward something, m ' kay? expert. rolling film! ! " the special effects represent enough to keep you concerned through i viewing, and some of the cinemtography be well - suffice (the scene with the pitch black umbrella get along to heed ). nonetheless, an hour into it, you will get antsy, wondering how foresightful they can drag in it verboten. and drag it out they practise!! i have to laugh. the shibboleth for the film be, " size do matter ". 1 think they cut this besides short. it should say, " size of it does matter. act does not. " 