tommy lee jones chamfer an innocent dupe around america world health organization is examine to prove that she execute not kill her spouse. the runaway? not quite a? this be the plot of land for forked jeopardy, another fugitive copycat without the action, excitement, and in force acting that the original have. in that location are other slight dispute besides matchless movie being bad and the other good; this time tommy richard henry lee jones act a parole officer not a usa marshall, clever huh? buckeye state and the fugitive ashley judd was framed by her own husband (bruce greenwood) world health organization need to collect two million dollars in life insurance money not a single armed mankind. both movies are on tv. have the wise choice and pick the runaway. there live so many flaw in double jeopardy, it is laughable. while serve meter in prison, libby curate (judd) discovers that she can never be charged for committing the like crime twice. learning that her hubby exist still live, she decides to service her time in prison house, find him, retrieve her son, and down her husband if necessary. when the strict parole ship's officer travis lehman (jones) stands in her way, libby decides to break the rules (who knows why?) and keep her design, despite the fact that if she gets caught, she ' s get going backward to slammer. director bruce beresford spend way too much clock time sample to convert the audience that libby misses her son. every early scene, we are give a dig of libby staring and crying at his picture. in an action moving picture like this, valuable time wasted on these shooter takes off more opportunities for willard frank libby to get up and do something. all that comprise needed in this type of moving picture be a short scene in which willard frank libby assure herself beaver state a friend " iodin miss my boy. " nothing more, nothing to a lesser extent. dr. kimble of the fugitive didn ' t facial expression at one picture of his dead wife, his elementary concern was to deliver himself. libby at times shows this same determination but non nearly plenty. ashley judd and bruce greenwood both are splendid actors but if they continue to do movies similar this, they will be typecast for the remainder of their careers, kind of like their doomed co - hotshot tommy lighthorse harry lee mother jones. win an oscar for the fugitive must have convert jones that audiences volition never bugger off run down of his i - do - my - job - whether - they - personify - innocent - beaver state - guilty persona. multitude still pay to see his pic and he makes plentifulness of money so i guess he was right. though 1 don ' t think he will win another academy award over again. the ultimate error in the script is what eventually becomes of libby parson. even if she was rationalize for disobeying her parole officer, the number of other crimes she dedicate while on the running be also numerous to count. burglary, assault, grand larceny auto be some of libby ' s slipups. the message of the movie be you can let on all of the small laws as long as you ' re inexperienced person of the major crime. hopefully malefactor won ' thyroxine use two fold jeopardy as a reference in court for why they are innocent. that would just be unmistakable stupid. 