for his directoral entry, gary oldman pick out a highly personal family play about a violent, alcoholic husband and father, and the versatile lives he dissemble. but while the type, places and events may have extra meaning to the author - director, the audience is left in the shadow. the centre of this tale exist the abusive raymond (ray winstone ), and the film focuses on him and the people who orbit around him. helium spends his days hanging out with his friends at pubs and girlie bars. and so, he return family to his pregnant married woman, valerie (kathy burk) and their five - year - old daughter. raymond exhibit his fierce inclination (and his paranoid delusion) early on when he accuses valerie ' s brother, billy (charlie creed - miles ), of steal. raymond so proceed to beat out (and bite) him to a bloody wreck. but these be the least of billy ' south problems. billy is a heroin freak on the downturn, and it doesn ' t seem that atomic number 2 ' ll terminal much long. billy and valerie ' s mother, janet (laila morse ), be raymond ' s nemesis. she disapproves of him (and he of her ), but is powerless to answer anything astir it. she merely struggles on, hoping her children will make it their various curse. if this description seems bleak, i haven ' t told the one half of it. this represent not a cheery movie, and most of the time it ' s downright depressing. while at times it is interesting to watch to go through simply what makes raymond tick, and wherefore no one e'er only foretell the cops on him, in the end, it ' s not quite a worth information technology. there be too many scene which randomly dot the video with little or no intent. exact for example the extended sequence where one of billy ' s scuzzy quaker defends a stray pup. the moving picture show is filled with these " character consequence " that never really achieve anything. concede, there equal a few genuinely powerful (and sickening) moments in the cinema, but their expression seem to equal more than of a catharsis for the creator than uracil. the worker exercise a fine job, particularly in the central role. the practiced thing about an actor turned writer is that oldman knows how to write safe scene, and the actors in nil by mouth have some gist they stern tear into. the bad thing about an actor change state director is that on that point ' s no one to throttle oldman from making misfortunate selection. a respectable character drama should mean something to those require in making the celluloid and the audience. oldman get information technology about half right. 