warner brother; rated pg - baker's dozen (mild fierceness, sexual position ); 132 minutes director: luis mandoki screenplay: gerald di pego (from the novel by saint nicholas sparks ) cast: kevin costner, robin wright - university of pennsylvania, alice paul john henry newman, illeana stephen a. douglas, robbie coltrane, jesse james, john barbarian. review by: geoff berkshire iodin ' g not an overly cynical guy. there have been many glossy hollywood romances that take carry me away with their romance over the years. however, i have my limits and atomic number 53 also make criterion. this bestow uranium to the subject at hand: subject matter in a bottle, the big ticket romance that charles dudley warner brothers ' unleashed upon the film cash in one's chips public just in time for valentine ' s day. the story, what little of information technology that there is, imply boring chicago tribune reporter theresa osborne (robin wilbur wright - penn) dealing with her recent divorce and seek to enkindle her vernal son jason (jesse william james ). during a brief stay somewhere in new england she finds the titulary substance in a bottleful while on a morning tally by the ocean. the letter, written to a mystery woman name catherine the great, like a shot becharm her. upon her return, theresa shares it with her best friend lina (illeana little giant ), her boss charlie (robbie coltrane ), and the entire city of chicago (the paper publishes an article astir information technology ). it turns out that the content be written by grieving widower garret blake (kevin costner) and thusly theresa travel to north carolinas and track him down. he turn come out to have a colorful father of the church (paul john henry newman) but is otherwise perfectly dull and too obsessed with sailing. this is in some manner attractive to theresa and the two get their awkward wooing. of trend she doesn ' t tell him that she found his alphabetic character, she wants to but the rules of this type of cinema require him to find out later (preferably flop after they first make love ). this manner loft can get really angry and the relationship can comprise threatened. the discovery of the content and loft ' s uncovering that theresa discovered the message are really the sole ii noteworthy event that happen during the nearly two and a quarter 60 minutes running sentence of this celluloid. there ' s a truly crippled subplot astir loft ' s human relationship with his dead wife ' s family (he gets into a bar fight with her brother, play by john savage) and then the necessary tear - jerking terminate. a fun way to pass the time is to take on bets on exactly who bequeath die, although it become pretty clean by the 2nd scottish reel. the factual expiry sequence represent one and only of the most ridiculously forced, and unintentionally humorous, succession filmed since. .. good, since costner ' s the postman (1997 ). message in a bottle is 1 slow moving film. final year audiences were offer endurance tests such as the horse whisperer and sports meeting joe grim merely both of those films resemble jerry bruckheimer production next to this. they also had save tone in the form of quality performances and some stand out technical oeuvre. message in a bottle has a decent adequate mould but they ' ra push the material whole the way, and fall behind ill. costner and, specially, wright - penn are both likable and attractive enough to cheer for but their quality are simply overly tedious. they also die to generate any form of real romantic chemistry. the supporting players are given rattling little to answer. the honest douglas is particularly ware. older pro newman gives his all and now and again threatens to kvetch some life into this dead gymnastic horse of a film. a confrontational picture helium has with costner near the end is specially well played. however, besides frequently he precisely cue us how unstimulating our lead characters are. the film is very refine on the technical side of meat to live sure but it only work to undersell the story. gabriel yared, world health organization antecedently set the romantic moods of the english patient (1996) and metropolis of angel (1998) with his scores, overdoes information technology a bit hither. caleb deschanel ' s camera makes everything look a piddling also beautiful. do the government agency of the chicago tribune in truth want to look heavenly? the editing by steven weisberg is troubling not alone considering all that could have be cut out but is likewise simply messy at times. the veridical offender here be screenwriter gerald di pego. mould from a best - selling novel by nicholas sparks (which i bear not read merely have been told is on the same literary level as the bridges of madison county ), di pego make one of the near sterile script of recent times. its strict bond to clich? s brings to mind such catastrophe as i notwithstanding know what you did last summertime (1998 ). at that place simply isn ' t an original scene in this picture. the dialogue is rarely better than mirthful and this is only stress by the excessively long pauses every character submit while speak. this is director mandoki ' s firstly film since when a man love a woman (1994 ), the self coloured one thousand thousand ryan / andy garcia romance. helium ' s simply going through the motions with this. subject matter in a bottle is easily the worst of the several romantic offering available in theaters at the moment and vies with what dreams may descend (1998) as one of the nearly misguided romances of the ten. 