willard frank libby parsons (ashley judd) have the perfect little life - - a rich husband, a cunning son, and a mansion on the ocean - - but when her hubby nick (bruce greenwood) engage her sailing, she awakes to find him snuff it and her hands covered with blood. exactly as she makes it to the deck of cards and picks upwards the fucking knife lie there, the coast guard arrives in response to a distress telephone call her vanished husband sent. she ' s convict of his murder, of course, and leave her son matty (benjamin weir) with her best admirer (annabeth gish ). time pass, and the acquaintance disappear with matty. during their last phone conversation libby hears matty hollo " daddy! " and realizes that her married man is still alive. libby serves six years, growing hard and driven by the desire to kill nick (based on the hypothesis that because of the " double peril " amendment she can off him with impunity ). when she gets parole, she ' s sent to a halfway house run by travis lehman (tommy lee inigo jones ), a quondam law professor world health organization ruined his life with a drunk drive accident. after a little breaking and entry and some devastation of dimension, libby jumps countersign and lams it across the country depend for nick and matty. travis pursues, naturally. " treble jeopardy " is a watered - down adaptation of " the fleeting, " with mary harris jones sleep - walk through his wellspring - drawn pursuer image. although libby ne'er leap from a bus that collide with a gear, she manages to get into a few nail - biters - - chased down the beach by a jeep, chain to a railway car that plunges into the ocean, sealed in a coffin - - that add some often needed thrills to an anemic, slow - moving script. character growing is thin. travis ' challenging backstory is mentioned a duet time but has no burden on the news report. ( ane mean they only made him a early law prof so that atomic number 2 could verify the dual - jeopardy theory when libby get the drop on nick. it ' s a recollective means to go for one line ). at that place ' s considerable sexual latent hostility between travis and willard frank libby (hey, there ' sec something " the fugitive " didn ' t have! ), but it ne'er goes anyplace. libby represent a tv - flick everywoman, but judd ' s intense performance draws the states in and makes us forget that her character reference has no discover characteristics. this equal judd ' s most prominent part to date, and she proves that she tail end light improving the screen. let ' s hope hollywood give her more than to work with following metre around. the tone of director bruce beresford ' s film appear to depend on luck. when he has a dependable script and a impregnable casting, he turn out oscar - caliber body of work comparable " ' breaker ' morant, " " drive miss daisy, " and " legal tender mercies. " when atomic number 2 doesn ' t. . . we baffle " forked jeopardy. " screenwriters david weisberg and douglas wangle antecedently collaborated on " the careen, " a script which probably benefited from the legion uncredited rewrite. bottom line: ashley judd tries strong but can ' t save this predictable bore. 