everyone knows that old rule, ' never study with children and fauna. ' in this latest horror flick mimic display case, it ' s ' ne'er employment with fry and genetically enhanced killer animals ' instead, as mimic feature both of these and succeeds in doing nothing except mildly engaging the audience. the flick begin in new york, where we see tike dying from a mysterious disease, which is equal carried by roach. dr. susan tyler (sorvino) creates a genetically enhanced bug (the ' judas iscariot ' stock ), withal, which be design to vote down all cockroaches. the hemipteran do it ' s business, the cockroaches all die, and the terror is break. ' three days later ' appear on the screen, and we discover that the judas strain be back, big than of all time, and quick to down. the twirl on this hemipteron, however, comprise that information technology can mimic information technology ' s predator, and in this case. .. . it ' entropy humanity. that should teach us for squelch all those bug. what should equal a roller coaster ride with bugs all over, tons of slaughterous deaths and some monolithic solidifying piece instead turns out to be a rather subdued, nearly boring movie which plods along at a very slow pace. perhaps the movie was trying to live thought provoking, and trying to ward off the ' predator ' type moving picture it could well get become. if it is, then the music director and writer have made the faulty move, because this is absolutely suited to live an all out legal action fest. the director, world health organization bought u cronos, a far superscript photographic film, directs the flick in a calm, and honestly dull movie. there are few exciting sequences, instead scarcely a lot of people babble. if the dialog was level headed, then it would be all correct, but it ' s lamentably babble nonsense. in fact, the script follow embarrsingly weak, and the characterizations non a great deal better. sorvino and fellowship are every bit 2d as characters get along, with the script non bothering to produce them. on that point is some military action in this film, just it ' s direct in such an vexing way, it ' s just infuriating to watch. the television camera cut off all concluded the position, disoreitating the audience, and rather of involve the audience in the activeness, it merely alienate them. the peformances are o. k, if slightly below norm. sorvino is o. thou, although she ' s not really good at take terror, or anything emotion really. the supporting cast are all sterotypes, with characters such as a enceinte black surety sentry duty with a foul backtalk, a geeky scientist with spectacle, and what could be the most stereotypical mexican ' old timer ' ever so. their reasonable ripe fun, however. mimic, then, whitethorn fail with information technology ' s history, pace and characters, merely the film does look proficient. like dark urban center, mimicker is a definite case of flair of content. it may cost a bit too gloomy for it ' s ain goodness, merely the sets appear nice, and portion of the film are direct advantageously. but looks aren ' liothyronine effective enough to save mimicker from the depths of mediocre, someplace where information technology shouldn ' mt genuinely belong. a good chance, then, rot. a ignominy. overall evaluation = review by david wilcock? 1998 