capsule: an revilement. a stupid and incompetent movie that doesn ' t even have the benefit of be trashily pleasurable. weslely and woody would make out advantageously to leave behind this off their resumes. money train is one of the worst flick i have ever seen. information technology ' s not simply idiotic, information technology ' s contemptuous of its interview. it tries to make uranium swallow things that a better movie would be discontinue inhuman by or just plain omit entirely. it ' s a waste of wesley snipe and woody harrelson, who are enjoyable actors in their own rights simply be sicken here. it ' s not still fun as trash. woody and wesley champion (perhaps that ' south not the right christian bible) as new york city transit authority police force. they have a job which could really be the core of a really interesting movie: one of them plays sot possum to pull in chain - snatcher and the other execute lookout. i get a unharmed headful of effectual and ethical questions surrounding this, raised by a documentary i ' d seen on the field one time, but the picture make not run off any clip with being intelligent or thought - provoking. discover if you can observe this. they tail a kidskin down the tunnel and into the station where the " money train ", the heavy armored car that pick up altogether the cash from the token book, be parked. the safety on the train ascertain this kid running at them, lift their car artillery, shout " stoppage! " and then open up fire when the kid doesn ' t stop ladder at them. blam, the minor ' s dead. then woody and john wesley show up, and of course the other ta cop hate them (wherefore? ), and a pushing match starts, and someone get down decked, and. .. i cover my facial expression. i ' d seen plenty. i ' ve ne'er check a movie work so hard and in thus trivial time to destruct, systematically, any chance of be believable or interesting. give up with the b at their problem (most of it their ain goddamned fracture ), woody and wesley hatch this plot about how to gazump the money train. hence the title, in sheath some of you (all two of you) didn ' t soma information technology knocked out so far. so there ' s this subplot astir a maniac who torches token book clerks, * and * a lovemaking story, * and * a holdup - - no, two holdups, sorry, easy to lose track in a pic this braindead - - * and * a ring bos who wants his money. there wasn ' t a hour when i pass a horse ' s hind end about any of it. neither woody nor wesley bid characters that are interesting for a single minute. we do non care astir them. they be not interesting. they be noisy, flash, stupid, foolish dork who whould get flunked stunned of the police academy. they deserve to convey chatoyant - - or run over, as the example crataegus oxycantha comprise. they only exist to rehash the sort of dynamics that be * written * into a picture like white man buns ' t jump, and which simply does non exist hither. they be idiots, and we ' ra expect to steady down for them. bullcrap. the movie is completely schizoid in information technology tone and texture. what exactly is this mess? a cop flick? police operation is non given a moment ' s genuine thought anyplace. a thriller? the subplot with the nominal booth killer be inapt, a throwaway that should have been ditch in the revision. a clowning? the few jokes that do work are wasted. a dramatic event? all dramatic tension between both principals embody freeze - dried and off - the - wrack. there ' sulfur not a moment in the movie where 1 felt alike i was listening to genuine human beingness lecture; it ' s all screenwriterese, that bizarre analect where every sentence ends in a punchline and the primary mode of expression be the unparalleled conjunctions of four - letter words. ( existent dialog excerpt: " fuck you. " " what? " " you heard maine: fuck * you *. " " no: fucking * you *! " ) look. atomic number 53 ' ll be honest hither. 1 ' ve tried write screenplay, and still * ace * suspect that if i tried to slope this mess, ace ' d get laughed verboten of the office. anyone interested in hear my ideas for a few skillful movies can write me and learn my pitch, because god have a go at it i know iodine force out do unspoiled. atomic number 53 ' ve weasted enough clip on this piece of wish wash. 