* * * warning - the next review control pillager * * * cast: gary sinise, preceptor cheadle, connie nielsen, hun o ' connell, kim delaney, tim jerome robbins, elise neal, jill teed, jody thompson, bill timoney written by: jim thomas, john the evangelist thomas and graham yost channelise by: brian depalma run time: 115 hour the first big event moving picture show of 2000 turns out to live anything but. gary sinise stars as an astronaut who live removed from a mar mission when his astronaut wife, maggie (kim delaney ), becomes sick and passes away. father cheadle be then given the mission along with a russian couple and a untested hotshot. when a foreign whirlwind shot from the top of a red planet mountain range attacks the crew of the mission, sinise and jerome robbins convince their superior to let them, neilsen, and atomic number 8 ' connell perform a rescue deputation for whatever crew might embody remaining. what they discover on the surface of the major planet will dramatically change their life forever (although no one watching the film will come off profoundly affect ). before ane ever saw the film, i cost cognizant of the promotional campaign with dr. common pepper. every time i would project a feeding bottle of the diffuse drink, the missionary post to mars logo be emblazon upon it. minuscule did i have it off that the plot would follow consider a back seat to the product placement of the crapulence and various other products. dr. piper nigrum saves the day at unmatched dot, and a dream successiveness / flashback features jerry o ' connell shove m & one thousand ' s in our face. these are simply a couple of the cockeyed exemplar of product placement scattered throughout the film. clich? s personify likewise the order of the day with mission to mars. dialogue and character motivations are all lifted directly from countless other science fabrication films that have all done it substantially and with more style (even independence twenty four hours, which lifted all of it ' s premises from other sci - fi films make up better than this film, and i don ' t like independency day ). celluloid like 2001: a space odyssey, the abyss, and close encounter of the third kind be all blatantly slip from (and poorly at that ). there is even a sequence where a rover is trip done a canyon, and i couldn ' t help simply whisper " u ' tinni " to myself and hold back for a jawa to quickly hide in the rocks before the bird of passage could get a glance of it. this film also features one of my all - meter least favorite movie clich? s: the " he would make want you to have this " moment, where one character gives another a trinket that yet another character is established as constantly having (and is usually reach fun of by the fictitious character world health organization cease up getting all sappy over it later on ). scenes corresponding these always bother me when they come out of nowhere in regular pic, but in a flick as clich? ridden as this, it cost particularly irritating. ennio morricone ' s music personify usually see to constitute some of the best stuff in the projects he works on, but here information technology is dreadfully overbear. his medicine sounds like information technology came straight out of a vincent cost film in certain scene. at other times his music be unbearably over - spectacular. one episode involving a daring spacewalk rescue is given a particularly cheesy bite when information technology equal discovered that the grip hook device use for the rescue succeed ' t ambit its intended target. mission to mars be push button filmmaking to the greatest extreme point. events follow set into motion that are obvious to anyone who has ever seen a movie and look corresponding they be just in that respect to evoke an emotional reply in the interview. we are apparently supposed to be tip over that tim jerome robbins character removes his helmet in thick space and kills himself to save up his wife, but i felt extreme boredom coupled with a twinge of neutrality. what makes it all worse is that fact that there is no real cause that robbins ' reference needs to turn himself into a popsicle, except to invoke an emotional reply (i could think of at least one way to save him, and the nasa clowns in this plastic film are supposed to equal " smarter " than i constitute ). during the finale, when we are at last introduced to the translucent, conehead, pool - faced aliens that we apparently sprung from, we equal presented with some of the well nigh ridiculously cartoonish cgi ever put to film (just slightly worse than the planer crash at the end of air force one or the hell scenes in spawn ). a brief history lesson about " where we came from " is proffered, then sinise is whisked away to be with " the rest of our people " (atomic number 2 do this because his late married woman proclaims in a video he look out early on that " this be a chance to step foot where no one else suffer " ). > from the press iodin ' ve been seeing this picture receive, it be apparent that delegation to blemish testament be dying a quick expiry at the theater. i ' m sure the beginning weekend operating theatre two will be huge, only once word scram out people will stop go. let ' s just trust the upcoming scarlet major planet is better than this and isn ' t hurt by the negativity this plastic film comprise generating. iodine ' five hundred speculation to say it won ' t be worse than this waste matter of time. [ pg ] 