burned out money is the perfect festival film. it will render once or double, and then no one, thankfully, will always have to hear from information technology once again. this film from the seattle outside film fete 2001 ' s emerging master serial be easily one of the year ' s worst. bill as a gay ` bonnie and clyde ', this granular photographic film from director marcelo pi? eyro hold it only highlight in a well - designed title chronological succession. ii homo lovers get involved in a bank robbery that make a gang loss leader, whose programme they make love up, angry. this causes the pack leader to send out his boy out to get the gay guys, ane of whom english hawthorn not actually be gay. hiding out in a bawd ' s apartment, the deuce men mustiness struggle polish off police and gang members in a real long showdown for the movie ' s conclusion. if caught, they risk losing whole the money, and their love. as an added emotional fillip, one of the homosexual men is dying. beaver state something like that. everything that happens is so straightaway and confusing unity was all lost. clarity isn ' t exactly this movie ' s reach virtue, so it was a fiddling surd to break up improving. non much could have really happened though. the main events in this long two - hour film make up expressed homosexual and heterosexual sex, graphic drug use, utmost ferocity, and inviolable language. deal of explicit material is ne'er a bad thing when in that location ' s a understanding, simply there ' s no function to anything in this film. most of the sexual activity and fierceness scenes come off as silly, while the heavy drug use come in off as ludicrous and depressing. information technology appears pi? eyro (world health organization co - wrote with marcelo figueras, from a novel by ricardo piglia) purposefully bestow more blood and lovemaking for his own amusement. he cause the thespian as sweaty and dirty as possible, makes them take a hit cocaine, gives them gun for hire and condoms, and lets them operate. burned money is pointless. the performances are tough. it tries to tickle and traumatise, but only causes boredom. god forbid it will ever start out a distributer. another disappointing film from this year ' entropy so - call emerging passkey series. pass on by. 