one theorise it ' s unfair to criticize a film same hudson hawk, which let been panned by reviewers and moviegoers alike since it ' s 1991 departure. michael lehmann ' s action - drollery constitute ready to win the title ` biggest corner office flop of all metre ', or nigh thereof. the movie stars bruce willis as renowned cat burglar hudson hawk, who ' siemens just now been released from sing sing prison house after many years in isolation (` let me lay it this fashion, ' atomic number 2 explains, ` iodine never saw et ' ). greeting him is his sometime friend and partner in crime (play by danny aiello ), world health organization becomes the topic of many amuse productive jest. these follow quite welcome in a picture filled with thus many completely unfunny slew gags, cartoonish villains and unbelievable coincidences. information technology appears as if director lehmann didn ' thyroxine know when to stop all the absurd silliness, and helium piles on layer after level of utter absurdity as the movie propels itself toward the finish argument. if at some point during henry hudson mortarboard you crap the august 15 that thing couldn ' t get goofier, you ' ll soon be eating your dustup. merely, i ' megabyte inclined to say that this photographic film is non quite every bit terrible as it ' s box seat office routine suggest. it ' s fast - paced and entertaining, if you ' ve got incredible patience and a warped good sense of body fluid. for the maiden portion of this review, i ' m go to try and center on the irrefutable aspects of hudson war hawk. wish well me luck. foremost and foremost: bruce willis is a right mutation. while i ' 1000 non entirely certain what he represent smoking when he co - wrote this hand, willis is quite aware that the entire undertaking constitute a big, fat, ugly joke. helium forever gift impassive reactions to things that are very silly and out - of - place, which intend he take more than his portion of deadpan reactions. another asset is the show of andie edward macdowell as a schizoid nun and love interest for the title role. they meet when hudson goes on a mission to steal a priceless book from the vatican, and their family relationship escalates in involvement from there. it ' s unfortunate person that mcdowell ' s one - note fibre is use merely as an self justification for there to cost a predictable plot - twist, and she offers absolutely no supporting chemistry with willis. simply now i ' m rambling on again astir the negative thing, aren ' t ace? sufficiency of the burlesque - for the most part, hudson mortarboard is an excruciating experience. information technology ' s stupid, pointless and repetitive. ace can solely marvel what bruce willis fans thought after exiting the theater, because this film really doesn ' t have the possible to please anyone. action fan should charter note that hudson hawk be composed of ninety% clowning, and yet the action sequences are skittery, rushed and badly edited. and those expecting a hearty gag surgery two will find information technology difficult still to smirk during all of the headache - inducing hi - jinks. preceptor ' t get me wrong, this motion picture show be not devoid of jest. information technology ' s too bad most of them constitute unintentional, operating theatre just plain forced. the impressive cast looks fittingly block. it ' s understandable to view willis and aiello in a movie of this gauge, but as for the front of future academy accolade winner jam coburn i ' m non entirely sure. coburn plays a quondam nemesis of the hawk who once more total into play, and he looks unsure of his place the entire flick. especially when he resort to soldierly arts during the final showdown, and have a fight with thomas willis that would look right at home in a jackie chan moving picture show. things get more bizarre when we ' re introduced to his team of reject named after deep brown bars, including succeeding nypd blue blooded sensation saint david caruso as the speechless, card - flipping kit - kat. if that ' s non plenty for you, there ' s richard e. ulysses simpson grant and sandra bernhard hamming it upwardly as a deranged couple on the brink of a convoluted economic coup d'etat. their crotch - biting pooch provides a twosome of the braggy laughs here. postponement, perchance the only big gag. .. i ' m non sure what form of flick everyone had in mind when filming hudson hawk. i bottom ' t even begin to start about the celluloid ' s preposterous game; but let ' s non get into that. 1 say there ' s some amusement viewers could derive from the silly premiss, if they be that desperate. but hudson peddle never yet has a cue of where information technology ' s exit from minute one, and from there information technology ' s 90 minutes of pure cinematic muck. 