this review contains spoilers, but trust pine tree state, one don ' liothyronine aver anything you can ' t guess 10 minute of arc into the movie. i * did * go into this one with high expectation. i had been bring out to media report that this movie would mean a departure from the slasher flicks. i variety of ask another exorciser or the shining. i even pose aside my general rule of not take care this type of film. boy, live i wrong! another scraps slasher flick, the only difference being that * this * single induce a story! the report, you ask? advantageously, a scumball grease one's palms a chinese puzzle from a guy in an arab souk. helium take it home, somehow getting it preceding customs: -) and starts fiddling with information technology in his attic. lo and behold, after atomic number 2 takes information technology asunder, three demons appear and start taking him aside, but with meat hooks. when they ' ray end, his gizzards are hanging from the ceiling. they botch upward their cleanup book of job, notwithstanding, and manage to give his essence (oregon some gland; i didn ' t real recognize the organ) under a floor board. the guy wire ' s brother and his brother ' s wife appear at the doorway presently after, and settle to move in. they throw away scumball ' s belongings, and pose upward house. turns verboten that wife is a bit of a nympho, and screwed around with scumball right before her marriage. she starts having some wild hallucination. later, hubby spills some roue on the attic floorboards (slow - second special effects of the bucket of blood strike the ground - - all from the tiny cutting on his mitt ). said blood is thirstily go down on up by scumball ' s electronic organ. the organ grow into a affair that requires yet more than blood in ordering to fill in the regeneration into a really ugly thing. it establish nous contact with wife, who agrees to aid him get more rake, because she really wants to be screwed over again. indeed, she helps him toss off three businessmen. scumball, at this time, gradually engender his long suit backward and grows all his organs back. problem be, he doesn ' t have any cutis, and even after three oregon four corpses, still doesn ' t get any skin. atomic number 2 finally convey some, though, but queerly enough, he terminate up looking comparable his brother. dead reckoning they couldn ' t get the original doer backward. world health organization knows. scumball (whose name is blunt) is not a squeamish guy rope. he account his distortion by the demons fondly, as the " ultimate delight and pain, since at that layer in that location is no difference between the ii. " somehow, ane don ' t see getting shoot apart by ninety fish - and meat - plume a lot of fun. this bozo is * therefore * unsound (" how bad * constitute * he? " ), * so * regretful that the * rats * cower in a corner in fear. for good cause, also; he crucifies 2 of them for fun, and carve a third while the nymphomaniac ' s horsing around with hubby. anyway. husband ' s girl (who, if grade, follow not * wife ' s * girl) starts to surmise something exist wrong after she sees wife going into the attic with one of her johns and the ensuing scream. the dumb bimbo meets scumball, and be not impressed. she grapple to escape with the chinese puzzle, and brings out the fiend. at any rate, the demons are pissed hit that they screwed up their cleanup; they ' re normally quite meticulous about that case of affair. the story boils down to the demons trying to redress their mistake. the demons be non, however, the in effect guys. the mute bimbo ' s the good guy. she somehow not only gets them to take upkeep of weenie, merely also banishes them to hell beaver state oblivion, we ' re not to a fault sure which. not too moth eaten for someone with exclusive - digit iq. this is essentially a " regretful jinn " write up. information technology is an * fearful * movie. awful performing, bad focus in the picture taking, many scenes of skin equal penetrated by meathooks, which is really unrealistic, and see similar the latex that it is. persistence? who manage. act? * dread *. hand? ugly. sounds can. unrealistic. story is so - then, but the impingement is lose long, long before the film end. ace do imagine the * rat * playacting was quite good. i have ne'er seen rats look afraid. they should become nominated for an accolade. truly good acting there, the full in the movie. " the envelope for best furry gnawer, please. .. " a " " valuation would be far overly generous. a " 1 / 10 " paygrade (or - quaternity in the - 4 to + quaternary rating scheme) is far to a greater extent precise. this pic be so bad that people in the audience were laughing, chortling at the bad performing and crummy dialogue. i lavatory see this celluloid turning into the next rocky repulsion picture display. people be getting so fed upwardly they be yelling warnings up to the characters on the sieve. had to have something to come. dumb, dumb, dumb film. i was embarrassed that i spend money to run into it. it goes without order that i disagree with the early inspection on the board that attempt to review the film for itself. great deal of goo and red - dyed maize sirup does not found " horror, " in my persuasion. 