there isn ' t much ripe astir this moving picture. non much i can say about the playacting, direct, beaver state writing that would pass water you consider seeing this movie. thus 1 ' ll mother my one good comment out of the way, at least joel schuemacher (batman & old world robin) didn ' t direct it or information technology would embody titled " technicolor urban center ". in fact there embody zip colourful about this movie, its darkness and depressingly gloomy right down to the acrimonious end. the plot of land has a tendency to be interesting, but all that passes while your laughing at the pathetic things throw into what could have be a gripping moving picture. the plot is impossible to excuse imputable to how senseless it get, so ane will just disturb on the bare minimum. john iris murdoch (rufus sewell) awakes in the tub of a cheesy hotel, only to find out helium receive blank out everything. can mustiness witness out world health organization he is before the " strangers " (a. k. a. intellect erasing aliens) find him and use him for their ain malefic conspiracy. during the motion picture some interesting points are resurrect about human identity, and the existence of inherently malefic people. any of these points nevertheless equal completely " erased " from your mind as you find out the actors stumble done the awful playscript. as i mentioned in the first place, nothing simply the atmosphere is right in this motion picture show. the performing is bland, and since on that point is virtually no quality development no single seems to care. the special effects equal low budget and some even uproariously bull, a planetary house of a genuine " b - motion picture ". the direction be pathetic and on that point is little continuity, non that you would expect it in a movie switching realities constantly. lastly the playscript is weakly and has no concept of reality, and doesn ' t deserve to have the word " scientific discipline " in science - fabrication. if i haven ' tetraiodothyronine get my point across, i ' ll say information technology to a greater extent plainly: this cost a bad picture show. army of the pure desire the adjacent movie by alex " i wish well i was tim sir richard burton " proyas is at least tolerable. 