` the skull ' is a preposterously bad thriller, a teenage - orientated doppelganger of ` the firm ' then blazingly idiotic that information technology stimulate me to drift into a hypnotic daze. sealed moments are so preposterous that i near herniated myself in an attempt to stifle laugh. i chuckled continuously, all the way home plate. rent me share. the skulls be a mystical society conceived privileged the walls of yale university (design, i ' 1000 sure, to mirror the actual skull & finger cymbals from the like college ). luke mcnamara (joshua jackson ), a towny and local first team rowing backup victor for the third consecutive twelvemonth, foreground the latest skull scout report. despite some anxiety and care from others, luke accepts entry into the organization. presently after, he chance himself surrounded by beautiful women, repel a new car and marveling at the $ xx, 000 that somehow surfaced in his camber story. yeah, dude, pretty upright deal eh? but luke presently discover that the membership is somewhat suffocative; when consideration become utmost, there is no way he can leave the society - except maybe as a drooling vegetable. the premise, although lacking in originality, certainly offers its share of likely machination and suspense. regrettably, ` the skulls ' is neither intriguing, nor cliff hanging, nor anything else you would associate with fresh or exciting. information technology ' s just another abyssal teen paradigm that ingest the soundtrack, the stars. ... merely not the script. ` the skulls ' is therefore tough information technology attains a certain floor of amusement value, with the screenplay, by jon pogue, immediately becoming the basis for a slew of unintentional howlers. first off, upon their installation into the skull, each fresh member has to feature a skull branded onto their branch. afterward they are add with a wrist watch that conveniently covers up the cicatrix. will they never strike this scout off? and what if they forget information technology by their bedside? perhaps their? mystery ' society was being a footling too conspicuous when they decided to brand fresh penis like kine on an area of the body that is easily exposed. on elevation of this, they are each given a rulebook and a key to headquarters. g, wherefore not member t - shirts? just my favourite spot is this: the voting commission for the skulls does not bother with individual? agree ' or? disagree ' belief when make corporate decisions. they be given official skull paddle. when switch to one side, they bespeak the member agrees with the proposal. present the opposite agency means a disagreement. wouldn ' t they merely express themselves verbally? netherworld no. they have to retrieve the paddles for a proper vote, and perchance afterward they can play pink - niff. i ' thousand still chuckling astir these ludicrous details, merely the humiliating dialogue comprise enough to send one into hitch. the form, meanwhile, combines a pinch of veteran natural endowment with a dah of the ` dawson ' s creek ' crowd, and fuse the two unitedly, ensuring that the overplus leave be a mutually shared union throughout. but non entirely. accomplished actor like craig tetraiodothyronine. nelson (as skull chairman judge litten mandrake) and william peterson (as fellow board member senator levritt) are dealt pathetic baddie caricatures, and look suitably chagrined plow them. and so at that place ' s christopher mcdonald, world health organization has the capacity to constitute a fun, exciting actor. mcdonald ' s charisma be totally belittle here as he sleepwalks done another perfunctory bad bozo part (yes, pogue makes information technology a chapeau - trick ). i pray information technology was a ` kidnapping - the - paycheck - and - discharge ' physical exertion for completely these histrion. the young company of performers imply fair fairly better. army of the righteous ' s cut off the talented canadian bloke joshua helen maria fiske hunt jackson some slack for maintaining believability within the confines of his character. paul walker, the strapping quarterback from ` varsity amobarbital sodium ', is bland but tolerable as caleb mandrake root - the justice ' s logos. walker preserves a straight typeface, even when contend the ridiculous dialogue in the motion picture show (` dad, i merely kill a guy in the ritual room! ' ). some existent spark be father by leslie bibb, world health organization plays luke ' s longtime chum chloe, and manage to successfully pull polish off some convincing dramatic art. it really boils downwards to the actors attempting to deflate the surrounding credit card house of cards of absurdity that cages them from minute one. or possibly not minute one, thanks to a decent set - up from conductor rob cohen, world health organization films other episode with a sense of atm and style. it makes you wonder why he didn ' t flee indefinitely from the project, because while enjoyable cheese like ` dragonheart ' and the moderate stallone thriller ` daylight ' aren ' t superior cinema, they belong to on the afi top c list when compared to this demean trash. away from unintentionally humor the audience, ` the skull ' gets little complete. the thrills and action are slothful and mechanically skillful. the story is stuffed with ridiculous, formulaic plotting that sheepishly overlooks the cool potency of a clandestine resistance lodge flick. instead of gaining knowledge astir the skull as an organization, we be thrust into a lame video surveillance conspiracy that has developed barnacles from exuberant usage. we ' ve seen it all before, and in force. ` the skull ' be a nerveless niggling circus of foolishness, so miscalculated that - - while it would serve as a clever pun - - a terminus same? boneheaded ' seems just too generous. 