200 butt takes place on modern year ' s eve 1981. monica, play by martha plimpton is having a huge new year ' sulfur party. everyone in town is trying to capture thither, but some are caught up in early things. this is the canonic plot of 200 cigarettes. as we meet the characters head towards the party, we are sent into many subplots which are unoriginal, and non interest at all. this let down me greatly. the film should have be more astir the party than the people trying to develop in that location in my opinion. lucy, work by courtney erotic love, is with kevin, played by paul the apostle rudd. the ii are in a kinship that is more than of a friendship, merely starts to blossom into something more than that. this subplot is extremely deadening and dull, and i am get quite sick of plot like that. janeane garofalo is require in another subplot, dealing with kevin. she plays ellie, an ex - girlfriend of kevin ' s. this subplot constitute completely a waste of garofalo ' s talent. there was no breaker point to it at all, and information technology was scarce yet in the movie. when lucy runs into a bartender, play by ben affleck, another subplot is formed. the bartender is invited by lucy to come to monica ' s political party. at the bar, atomic number 2 runs into two more than girls. the girl are played by angela featherstone and nicole parker, but regrettably, due to the terrible acting of both of them, 1 don ' t yet remember their characters names. ben affleck is a secure actor, but his fiber doesn ' t die anyplace so he doesn ' t bear much screen meter to give a undecomposed performance. featherstone and dorothy parker be horrible in their role, and they personify office of the reason the film is so sorry. christina ricci plays val, and gaby hoffman recreate stephie. the two girls are trying to get to the company simply be extremely lost. they meet some guy cable and end up going around with them all nox. this subplot was alright, but it was rather annoying with stephie ' s accent. hoffman did an okay book of job of behave, but ricci did sound. she be underused, considering she is such a wonderful actress. another subplot in the motion picture show is the kinship between cindy, played by goldie hawn ' s daughter, and jackfruit, play by jay mohr. jack is an actor world health organization doesn ' liothyronine care astir the girls he go come out with, he just likes dates for one night, and the next daylight he doesn ' metric ton. kate henry hudson is a huge klutz. she have herself into very rummy situation, that are the funniest portion in the entire movie. they are probably the solitary funny parts in the entire film as considerably. this subplot could have been used more, mainly ascribable to hudson ' s carrying out. mohr wasn ' t in effect, but he wasn ' t bad. he was just alright, which i didn ' t find acceptable. there is non much to state about the performances in the film. none of the reference are developed or shown enough to really tell if the acting is good oregon non. the only performances that i prat pronounce be christina ricci ' s as always good performance, kate hudson ' s funny role, courtney love ' s mediocre performance, and paul rudd ' s annoyance and overused performance. iodine was hoping for a little more tabu of jaw mohr, ben affleck, casey affleck, gaby dustin hoffman, dave chapelle, and specially out of janeane garofalo. the ii strong things in the film were the great soundtrack and the original costume. martha plimpton and christina ricci had really different and original outfits which make me feel like i was in the year 1981. the soundtrack is replete of 1980 ' s melodic phrase, ranging from " one want candy " to " tainted love. " the song dynasty in the movie also help create the feel that you were back in the 1980s. during the plastic film, i often launch myself asking the motion, " is there a ground to this? make up there any moral story? is in that location a point? be any of the events going on in the moving picture necessary? answer i care what lucy and kevin are going through? " the movie is highly ho hum, and by the time they turn over eleven - o - clock, unmatched hour before midnight, i could non expect for the movie to be over. the plot embody okay, only the subplots make it severe. maybe if the motion picture show was about the party, not about the people at the party, information technology could receive embody a plenty well. the bottom line: just like a slasher pic, this? 80 comedy live simply one also many. 