what ' s to care astir the world of passing violent trash smut - - explorer. the garbage make love as " sniff " films? nix, right? what ' s to like about a motion picture show chronicling the world of violent meth pornography? advantageously. .. nothing. so, wherefore piss it, hollywood? there ' s no reason wherefore the average, reasonable motion picture - leaver will constitute interested in such a topic. no one is going to enrich their living surgery have a good fourth dimension by watching textile such as this. the want of quality filmmaking in " 8mm " (from technical to acting) stand out even more when you consider the star, writer, and supporting stamp - - all reputable. only joel schumacher and his brand of unlikable filmmaking strikes again! like paul schrader, schumacher have his moments, just they ' re few and far (far! ) between. basically, this picture be crap and no i should pay to see information technology. why not take the air out? well, this wouldn ' t follow a thorough inspection astir a thoroughly tough movie. hither ' s why you should spend your money on dog food or glue instead of " 8mm ". .. maiden thing - - if you assume ' t heed my advice, then understand what you ' re astir to attend before you even think astir pay good money for this crud. information technology ' s not easy to check. 1 didn ' t know the details of the chronicle beforehand, but at least my ignorance can help others now. the (hour angle!) plot rotate around tom welles (nicolas cage) as a surveillance expert and individual investigator. a fat old cleaning lady discovers a " sniff " film in her late husband ' s condom. she forebode welles and hires him to try and find taboo if the young girl (it had to be a young missy, didn ' thyroxin it, schumacher!) who appears to be remove in the film really is dead. she ' s horrified that her married man would have own such a film (in 8mm, of course) and just need welles to snoop around without police preventive to reckon what atomic number 2 can find. house - man swell tally against better judgement or any concrete leads even after cringing and make a face at the flock of the grotesque " murder ". let me double back for a consequence. see, " snuff " films be pornos with a violent twist - - hoi polloi represent excruciate in very sick ways and end up dead. nonetheless, the last be often give away and, in those cases, limited issue and " good " acting make whole the difference. really sick people savor and pay top dollar for these hard - to - find flick. the thought of this " manufacture " makes me want to throw my computer out the window and stop this review article, only atomic number 53 ' ll bury my bile and relocation on. welles follows clew to hollywood and the porn industry. you ' d think helium ' s sherlock holmes the way clues drop thus easily for him! he comes across smut clerk max (joaquin genus phoenix) world health organization make love everyone and everything in the underground business of sleaze. after a flock of get the picture and bribing, welles find the man who are responsible for establish this, and other, " sniff " films. omission ahead, skip ahead, skip ahead. .. direct by dino velvet (st. peter stormare in an uncharacteristically terrible performance) and star topology - torturer " machine " (st. christopher bauer ), they have a big confrontation with orson welles where death and mayhem ensue. the pic doesn ' t end there, unfortunately, because welles have to execute what all heroes in schumacher films make - - suit a vigilante. this moving picture doesn ' t draw play you in. it maintain you about 700 mile away from it and world health organization in their right mind would want to get closely? it is possible to like a motion picture show that focuses on grime and sick behaviour (explorer. " se7en " ), simply information technology take a large measuring of restraint (schumacher feature none) and a larger amount of talent (schumacher have little ). by those jabs, i ' m not only when refer to his stylish destruction of the " batman " dealership, simply " a prison term to vote down " be an immensely overrated disappointment. for a guy wire who catch so much studio money, his lead record of throw rather bad movies is unparalleled. a good screenwriter and a in effect director pot make you hypnotically watch yet disgusting subject matter. writer andrew kevin walker didn ' t retaking the smart of the fascinating script he author for ' 95s twisted thriller, " se7en ". director schumacher doesn ' t receive that innate ability to create you watch affair you don ' t really require to see same better directors are capable of doing. he moldiness non have believe hitchcock world health organization adopt the possibility that what we don ' t see is more dread than what we do (especially when it ' s a scene where young girl is suppose to be murdered ). however, gratuitous is joel ' s mediate public figure. he mustiness think that non flaunting a arduous - core act of violent sex is showing plentifulness of tactful restraint. no, he doesn ' t go that far, just we see enough unpleasantness. helium doesn ' t leave very much to the resourcefulness. it ' s manipulating to wound (beaver state belt down) vernal girl just to get the audience on the side of a murderous vigilante. the playscript and playing should live what begin us to believe in these fiber, yet schumacher has no subtlety in his (ha hour angle! ) wiliness. case in decimal point, a shot of a christian company bus (good, right? ) drive away to bring out i of the villains (bad, right? ). see. .. no nicety. does joel think we ' re stupid or that we want to be held by the hand to grok the contrasting mental imagery? world health organization do we root for in this messiness? is there anybody kayoed there? information technology ' s not all the theater director ' s fault, though. wherefore did the actors signal up for this? nicolas cage is an oscar - success, for cryin ' come out loud! if atomic number 2 claims to act film to challenge himself and for the artistic meritoriousness rather than the money, what was he smoking when this book dropped on his veranda? what be cage supposed to live in this motion picture show - - a whispering batman without the charisma and target ears? villainous peter stormare is phoebe step past hammy. and what is james gandolfini doing in this trumpery? atomic number 2 constitute so strong as a concerned father in " a polite action ". i shot ol ' nic, pete, and jim be promised a raft of money. .. or they ' ra suckers. or they scarce don ' t care. there are moments (albeit brief ones) where this stand up above the waste. catherine keener be good (although likewise quick to threaten divorce) as mister. herbert george wells. baby cindy is obviously cute and h. g. wells ' devout love of his daughter is odoriferous. the mother (amy norton) of the girl in the ill famed 8mm film is non too bad as a woman deal with the unsettled exit of her runaway girl. this film have an appropriate blue angel - toned, wash - out look like " retribution " (which was a much good moving picture ). the editing is o.k. in scenes of no dialog, but at other clock time information technology ' s rough. during some conversations, closely - ups and wide shots are non cut real well, make it look to be editted by someone whose instincts aren ' t good and whose timing comprise a half - second off. such a technical error indeed stand out. speech production of standing come out, don ' t believe the misleading trailers. there ' s not much action hither. occasionally, yes, but non as often as your tv will hold you believe. after seeing " 8mm ", single crataegus oxycantha not be interested in ever watching any variety of porn once again. is that a overconfident? well, if making me well nigh ill at the thought of glimpse a unsportsmanlike movie again is their motivative, they ' ve done a swell job here. information technology ' ll be a long time before i consecrate a schumacher film another fortune - - unless i lose my mind and become in earnest depraved. but today i ' mebibyte not misdirect, so i ask, why does this film preach that this garbage is proscribed in that respect and that society should be worried about information technology? i ' 1000 sure that somewhere aright now thither ' entropy some jolly sick crap decease on, but that doesn ' t mean i need to know astir it. yes, mr. go cart, your script tells u.s.a. that in that location be some get laid - up folks out there. yes, mr. zimmer frame, the proverbial teras doesn ' t look corresponding we anticipate him to. you say all that in 1995. move on. this photographic film serves no purpose. it doesn ' liothyronine entertain, it doesn ' t teach u anything, information technology doesn ' thymine make a financial statement beyond the obvious " this stuff is spoiled " approach. only if this flick awakens the authority to find a way to abolish these character of horrors would it ever so cause someting truly worthwhile. that ' s non potential to happen, though, so " 8mm " is indeed a scummy permissive waste of money. orson orson welles said yr ago in a tribute to film, " to motion picture. .. to good movie ". if only joel schumacher and the producers experience mind and told st. andrew kevin walker to immerse this crud deep in a yap. similar " sniff " films, " 8mm " should never make exist made. now, excuse me while i go try to forget ane of all time see it. useless trivia - - joel schumacher loves the vigilante composition. he expend it in " batman constantly ", in " batman & turdus migratorius ", in " a time to kill ", in " falling down ", and it ' s rumor that book of joel himself will play the vigilante at his breakfast table tomorrow. .. 