several days after hold seen this picture, i ' m still trying to determine what director st. christopher guest, a man whose sense of wittiness i usually apprise, found funny in either the construct operating theatre the execution of almost heroes. this is a direful motion delineation? a lowbrow example of period slice drollery with terrible production values and an exceptionally pitiful laughs - to - caper ratio. in that respect ' s a kind of desperation in the movie ' s attack to humor that reveals the film makers ' uncertainty astir how entertaining the material equal; the frenzied style betrays itself as a last - ditch endeavor to hide the flaws of a failed book. the premise doesn ' t strait especially amusing to begin with? almost heroes tell the tale of deuce explorers, the effeminate leslie edwards (matthew perry) and the uncouth bartholomew hunt club (chris farley ), world health organization are racing lewis and clark on the trip to the american northwest. edwards and hunt constitute accompanied by the kinds of weirdoes we find in road movies (albeit of the former - 19th century variety ), admit a french person named guy fontenot who claims to speak hundreds of languages (none of which prove to be useful ), a pretty indian maid who turns into the obligatory love interest, and a bizarre valet world health organization suffers a series of debilitating injury. along the way, the unfearing explorers play bears, bald bird of jove, aging aboriginal american warriors, and a conquistador name hildago (kevin dunn) who raves about his beautiful hair. the adventurer ' trek takes them done forests, across the blow - capped rocky mountains, and over a falls. this apparatus leads to a caboodle of shouting, a great batch of lunacy, and very few laughs. farley engages in his common shtik of falling down and bellowing, but, aside from an momentarily diverting confrontation with an eagle, his inwardness doesn ' thymine seem to be in it. matthew perry, one of the stars of television ' s friends (world health organization accept some modest winner in the romanticist comedy, fools rush in) be badly miscast. as a transparency for farley and an antidote to his runaway energy, ralph barton perry lack the necessary edge of the proverbial straight mankind. i ' megabyte not a big fan of david nigra, and 1 didn ' t similar tommy boy, just at least he and farley forge well together. as far as the supporting players go, none of them make more than than a fleeting feeling. eugene levy en masse represent wasted, and kevin dunn is about as interesting hither as he is in godzilla. candidly, it ' s a dashing hopes to see something this dense and ugly come from christopher guest, the bright amusing military unit behind such films as this is spinal tap, the big picture, and wait for guffman. although guest get the costumes right, this intimately - inconsequential winner is no substitute for the unaccented hand and unfunny carrying out. the special effects, such as they are, are damnable. for an example of some truly misfortunate blue screen work, look at the fit where the characters be shoot the rapids (they ' re evidently getting buckets of water thrown on them) and where farley is being carried away by an eagle. even though farley didn ' t make the most stellar of behave careers, he doesn ' t deserve the kind of unfortunate epitaph provide by near hero. while some of the more exorbitant attempts at humor may coax a few guffaws from 12 - class quondam boys, the grade of clowning in almost heroes falls far below the point of sophomoric. farley fans who check this film as a way to say sayonara should be commended for their loyalty, since information technology takes actual stamen to outride seated for the full running duration of this cinematic torture academic session. 