way of the gun be brim with surprises, some dependable, most bad. one of the safe unity is ryan phillippe ' s surprisingly midway decent performance. after the actor gained much attention by posing and preening through teen swill like i know what you did last summer, he suggest at a bit growth in last year ' s cruel intentions with his amusingly contemptuous john malkovich meets james spader performance, though his acting in that moving picture show faltered around the third act mark, precisely when the screenplay made his character grow a heart (presumably to appeal to his breeding bra wear fans) and initiate bellyaching about how he ' five hundred fall for his " target ". it was a dramatic work shift that neither phillippe nor the moving picture show ' s music director could talk terms. merely he seem to be try on and that shouldn ' t be overlooked (surgery belike over praised) insure as how, at this tip, atomic number 2 genuinely isn ' t required to do much but look pretty. hither, phillippe has secure a five twenty four hours development of beard, his hair askew and his affect altered to sound something like james cagney in all his " face here, see " glory. it ' s hard to believe a jolly boy like phillippe as a hard ass, but his operation actually helps with the delusion. unlike ben affleck ' s puppy dog approach in caribou games, phillippe is credible and non also spoilt at that. as for the plot, well, that ' s one of the bad surprises; phillippe and the great benicio del torro swordplay two moronic (and not even remotely likeable) outlaw (introduced to us in the parking slew of a rave where they doltishly pluck a fight with about twenty people) who hatch a scheme to kidnap a surrogate female parent (juliette lewis) after overhearing that she ' s carrying the sister of painter (scott wilson ), a very well connected moneyed man. the kidnapping devolves into a toilsome shoot out where much damage embody done and many constitute killed. but the anti - hero of alexandria break loose with the cleaning woman while an aging smasher man (james caan) and two scheming bodyguards (taye diggs and nicky katt) remain in quest. conduct by christopher mcquarrie, the screenwriter who won an oscar for his work on usual suspects, an overrated piece of crime noir in many circles (this one include ), way of the shooter exist a farrago of crime thriller motifs that just oozes eye wander familiarity. unlike phillipe, mcquarrie doesn ' deoxythymidine monophosphate appear to cost growing at all; he fills his flick with a sprawling labyrinth of plot all snatched from movies i know i ' ve experience before and high risk, information technology feels like information technology. the film lacks even a fresh approach (like what soderbergh did out of flock or the limey) to its clich? s, all of which be spewed before us in a picture that strain thusly desperately to be articulatio coxae and gritty without bothering to notice how common information technology is. it feature characters living by a computer code they look to have picked up in surface to air missile peckinpah 101 rather than any thing resemble spirit. even try at emotional weight feel strained same in preposterous scene where enemies james caan and benicio del torro stop in their tracks to have a cup of coffee and pontificate on animation, philosophy, etc. i didn ' thymine like the bit much when it first appeared in heat, hither, it ' s yet more self consciously " striking ". usual suspects, which also feature a clump of low lives that seemed to live on by a code they find out from the motion picture show, work to some level because of that astonishing twist ending. nowadays an stupefying twist per end is de rigeur, never head if it deems whole that transpired before it completely inconsequential. thus, nearly every fictional character in way comes with at least one dirty short secret (most amateurishly projected before they appear) and it too has an ironic little twist at the end (zippo earth shattering, comparable in the usual suspects) just i admit, i didn ' thyroxine control it coming, and i smiled. however most of the movie feels exactly similar the interrogation scenes between palminteri and spacey in common suspects: a lot of faux huffing and puffing with no musical rhythm or reason. or message. it ' s precisely as overplotted as suspects, and oft softened as any overplotted movie without interesting characters, a typical vogue, or a good hand would personify. yet the good stuff, most of which involves james caan (doing a fine problem ), feels odd and out of place in a movie that think line like " karma is only justice with out the satisfaction " be clever. at one distributor point caan laments " need is the ultimate monkey " a channel so incomprehensible he might equally good have said " sexual love is similar hippo ass ". 1 ' ve seen porno with better dialogue. and some with better plot of land lines besides. but rarely has porn offer up such a talented cast (i mean, tin you even compare st. james caan to ron jeremy ). caan slips into this function with seeming ease, he could do this kind of gentle - utter ruffianly guy in a comatoseness, but helium cope to give his type depth and fatigue. benicio del torro is always welcome, though hither he plays it fairly straight (kinda than another oddball character creation like the ones the actor gave us in common suspects and excess baggage ), adopting a brad pitt - esque mocking pout to go along with his heavy swaggering. speaking of pitt the elder, his ex, juliette lewis, is a infirm inter group communication, either shouting her line with ear shattering shrillness, or waddling astir similar a silly goose. nicky katt was brainy in a brief use in the limey, here his role is just as abbreviated only he seems wasted; atomic number 2 ' s only kept close to for his frigid presence. taye diggs has a similar purpose, assuredness as of all time, but ne'er a character, though the bozo has one helluva dying scene. for the most part way of life is continuously loquacious with no reason to give a hippo ' s buttocks about any thing that transpires since its characters be ne'er more than simplistic pawns. information technology ' s mistily tarantino - ish, merely in a bad truth and consequence nm way, with phillippe, in one scene, leaping into a stupid rant about " faggots " migrating to los angeles. you know the procedure. the final shoot out be pure bargain cellar john woo (world health organization himself seems to live doing bargain basement john woo) with similar bad guys lining up to be shot at. but those gun shots certain crack like thunder. just the former day i was watching an old dirty harry movie on cable and be stunned to get wind the frail elephant grunt - like sound that emanated from harry ' s fetishized smith and wesson. oh how far we ' ve semen. 