if you get into ' t think kevin kline in puff is laughable, wait? til you view bequeath smith in drag - it ' s even less fishy. by the metre jim west (smith) disguised himself as a belly dancer to bail his captured comrade, artemus gordon (kline ), from the clutches of evil dr. loveless (branagh ), i was unequivocally bored by wild wild west, the unexampled summer megahit from man in mordant director barry sonnenfeld. is the old cicily isabel fairfield really a gentility ground for high drollery, in any case? ( if your answer is no, then you recollect rustler ' s rhapsody or back to the future part troika; if your result equal yes, you ' re thinking of blaze away saddles, but that movie live a parody of the westerly genre, not a nineteenth century romp. ) 1869. jim west is a quick - draw lawman who teams up with brainiac union agent gordon, under orders from president of the united states grant (kline again, whose impression, for all we know, comprise dead - on ), to apprehend legless loveless, the mad artificer world health organization is plotting to divvy up the united states and trade it back to britain and spain. how will loveless accomplish this? substantially, by hulking around the desert in an tremendous, mechanical european wolf spider, of course. bosomy dance mansion house lady friend rita escobar (hayek ), whose scientist father represent kidnapped by loveless, joins west and gordon on their gadget - meet gear. ( gordon first off discovers rita in a cage, wait to comprise rescue. ) racial politics plainly forestall the film producer from couple dull rita romantically with west, despite the movie ' s " hip " attitude toward the black matter. ( west mechanically shoots anyone world health organization call him a " nigger " before that mortal can end up speaking the holy writ. superintendent. ) at any charge per unit, single sustain waiting for rita to say something humourous, simply she ' s a walk dress - upward toy. ( her single laughable bit is also the in effect shot of the movie: she bashfully reveals bare bumcheeks through the peek - a - boo flap of her pyjamas. ) jim west is the theatrical role that at last hinder leave smith, whose comic timing has always be hit or miss, as episodes of " the fresh prince of bel - air " demonstrate. julia evelina smith ' s a better reactor than actor, which is wherefore he was indeed thoroughly engaging in human beings in smutty - helium didn ' t start out a cuban sandwich. in wild wild occident he ' sulphur call for to exude eastwood cool and amuse at the like time (and from frame nonpareil ), a difficult feat i ' m not sure any living performer could deplumate away. metalworker is ill equipped, for example, to handle the moment in which jim west performs abide - up for some cracker at his own dangling. what attracted sonnenfeld to this material? this isn ' t the first time helium have adapted a telly display for the big screen (the addams family, anyone? ), just it ' s the first big stinkpot of his career as a director. wild wild benjamin west is poorly - paced bombast, full of doa gags (ted levine shows up as a general who use a gramophone horn for a hearing aid; levine played buffalo bill in the silence of the lambs - he ' s too intense to get an intentional laugh ), lousy particular effects (the bluescreening is inexpert - foreground are never proportionate to the background ), and frequent illogic. ( to wit, its derisory villain so mischievously wants jim west out of the way that atomic number 2. .. drop him onto a brand chopine to do battle with some generic, ugly henchmen, instead of shoot him at point white furor with one of the many guns on panel the tarantula. ) fantastic wild west ' s vivid spots, such as the cool opening credits sequence, bai ling ' south all - too - brief appearance as a femme fatale, or the brilliant " his overlord ' s voice " joke, are all part of the film ' s foremost one half, which is more clever and enjoyable, at least, than its second. when, towards what seemed like the end of wild wild west, gordon proposes the approximation of building an airplane and west rejects it, there was a collective groan among audience member: it meant we were last to get to sit through another loud action succession before gordon builds the glider, the invention of which would inevitably take to the proverbial whiz - bang finale. 