sandra bullock in high heels and wield a chainsaw? yup, it ' s gotta be summertime. just when you thought the pointless sequel had gone the way of franchise films and lineal - to - video releases, into port barb speed ii: cruise control, the gloriously godawful follow - up to the 1994 sleeper astir a motorbus rigged to explode if information technology slowed below a certain speed. the thingummy, this time, represent an ocean lining rigged to, well, clangor into material. auditory sensation exciting? dennis hopper ' s disgruntle bomb squader, the villain of the first film, get given way to willem dafoe ' s disgruntle computer software engineer, a madman whose main beef has something to exercise with suffer to use live leeches, i kid you not, as a self - treatment for atomic number 29 poison - ing. ( and said poisoning bring on by protracted exposure to electro - magnetic fields, no less! calling james byron dean edell. .. ) and so, helium overrides the boat ' s computer, win over the crew to abandon ship, and sends the remaining passengers, those world health organization couldn ' t evacuate in metre, on a col - lision course with destiny. ( oddly, no one guess to exactly. .. parachuting turned the back of the boat. ) with keanu witwatersrand electing not to return - - possibly he read the handwriting? - - the job of john lackland mcclane goes to jason patric (sleeper ), as the * second * lah cop and swat squad member that that bus drivin ' babe annie (bullock) receive dated. ( what be the odds? ) they ' re on this caribbean sail for joy, as are a handful of requisite caudex character, including a deaf teenager (!) world health organization has a calf love on the hero (! !) world health organization also make out how to sign (! !! ). ( and you thought the raptor dig was a nerveless summertime movie relocation? wait till you find out the effort that * this * slight girl tin can do, when stuck on a shipboard elevator! ) bullock equal her pesky, perky self, though she ends improving with far less screen time than her top charge suggests. ( those paying tending to her bikini - and tank - tops probably won ' t complain, however) patric is the independent humanity in motion and that ' s damn good, ' cause when he stops to spill the beans, he ' s entirely slightly less monotone than his forerunner. ( his maiden lol line equal to ms. steer: " i ' d like to boogie with you. " ) of course, nobody in front of the tv camera embarrasses themselves quite the mode that returning director january de bont set. he also produce this muckle, which is insulting even by the most slack summer standard. ( inmate air, buddy, father ' s day, romy and michelle ' s eminent shoal reunification, murder at 1600, eight heads in a duffle bag, anaconda, vegas holiday, meet wally sparks, metro, bevery hills ninja, the relic, all is forgiven ). worse, he ' s spent a hundred mil on a premise that doesn ' t even hold up up to information technology rubric! there ' s no sweat - stimulate motion of the ocean here - - just two hours of shaky handheld television camera work and a handful of cross - cut outside, all leading up to the big dig, when the love boat sideswipes an petroleum oil tanker and so plows into a seaport townsfolk. ( oh, how far we ' ve come in twenty years. remember the simple playfulness of hear a locomotive smasher into railway station in the silver run? ) admittedly, either of the aforementioned sequences is deserving the terms of entrance money. information technology ' s just the rest of the picture - - the former hundred oregon so minutes - - that ' s pure nonsense. and grand nonsense at that. i know he didn ' t intend to, but de bont has done one matter right: he ' s produce the hands - downwardly funniest plastic film of the twelvemonth. so, instantly, allow to demonstrate a few more thing that made me laugh: o a box with a adult label: " fiber optic converter " o unmingled english, unhurt - sentence computer instructions o an entire sequence devoted to opening a attack threshold o jason patric ' s character walks onto the span and immediately understands everything that ' s happening o a ships ' navigator world health organization speak in a scottish accent and actually gets to say " i canna override information technology! " atomic number 8 willem dafoe ' s amazing arm - mount up keyboard o two aliveness, breathing adults (bullock ' s graphic symbol and the first mate) who get to exist narrate, footmark by pace, how to disconnect a misstep wire from the pin of a hand grenade. duh o " no delay! " screams the ship ' south intercom o however another damn dog in peril o fishing scottish reel. pontoon plane. retentivity of weekend at bernie ' s 