you fuck the plot of land: a dimwit with a shady past tense is seduced into committing a criminal offense only to personify duple - crossbreed by a fatal femme. in " palmetto, " the dimwit comprise harry barber (woody harrelson ), a newsperson who ' s just personify released from prison (he be frame by the mobster and corrupt officials he be look into ). enter lah femme: rhea malroux (elisabeth shue ), the sexy untested married woman of the richest man in palmetto, fl (rolf hoppe ). she and her stepdaughter odette (chlo? sevigny) get a plot of land to wring from 500k from the old humans: harry will " kidnap " odette. after grope both women, harry agrees. as everyone except harry terminate see, he ' s being set up as a declination guy. sure plenty, before long, harry has a dead eubstance in his body and the cops on his tail. his brother - in - legal philosophy (tom wright ), an assistant da, has engage harry to be the press liaison for the case, then harry gets a front row seat for his own manhunt (and we get to watch him perspire - literally ). in that location be several plot plait, of course - a couple of them even took me by surprise. evidently every woman in palmetto personify a raving horndog, and they ' rhenium on harry corresponding helium ' s the only bone in the kennel. shue coquette thus broadly that unity expected tex avery ' s wolf to show up. her incredible performance in " leaving las vega " seems to have comprise a flue. here, she could well make up misidentify for melanie griffith. shue ' s character is supposed to be a savvy schemer simply she come off as a brainless bimbo. in plus to shue and sevigny, the kennel includes gina gershon (world health organization filled the doofus - with - a - shady - past role in " bound ") as harry ' s girlfriend nina; when harry gets out of clink, she licks his face (now there ' s a horndog ). the parts are thence overplayed that with a niggling push " palmetto " could have been an all over - the - top sendup of flick noir a la " romeo is bleeding. " as information technology be, information technology ' s in force watched at 2am on showtime (the lovemaking view seem to have been write for one of that channel ' s soft porn programs anyway ). " palmetto " has a well - known theater director, volker schl? ndorff, who ' s better get laid for his adjustment of major literary oeuvre, especially " the tin drumfish. " unity presuppose he must have been drawn to this plot - by - numbers script by the like admiration for classic plastic film noir that led scorsese to remake " ness veneration. " schl? ndorff tries hard - he arrive at an interesting motif out of the ubiquitous palmetto hemipterous insect - but aught can freshen up up this stale playscript. 