" an confidant, reference - determined dramatic play about a troubled youthfulness at a crossroads in his life story, " read the wardrobe promissory note for _reach_the_rock_. i ' m not really certain what film that statement be account because those words pay little resemblance to the slow, completely uninvolving bore i saw - - at least, information technology certainly manage not describe what goes on for most of the motion picture show. alessandro nivola plays old world robin fleming, a troubled, planless 21 - year - old world health organization receive a penchant for breaking storefront windows in a modest ithiel town. police sergeant phil quinn (william sadler) takes him in, and what ensues for the inaugural 70 minute is a tedious series of sneak - outs and sneak - indium where robin slips out of his jail cell, breaks a window, then returns, all without quinn ever discover. also summate to the pointless proceedings is some would - cost humourous shenanigans involving quinn ' second dimwitted deputy ernie attempting to engage in clandestine patrol elevator car sexual activity with his girlfriend donna (karen sillas ). with a half 60 minutes (if even that long) remaining, director william ryan and author john ted hughes (yes, john howard robard hughes of ' 80s youth films and _home_alone_) finally approach something nigh to a point. turn out robin still pines for his high school stunner lise (brooke langton ), world health organization throw long sound on with her life, and ted hughes ' s chief concern at long last reveals itself as a tired " live in the present and for the future " message. most motion picture fan, however, leave likely be asleep by that time. wide eyed awake, withal, is the roll, who individually take on their showcase spectacular scenes with push and skill - - thus revealing the _real_ function behind this listless enterprise: to serve as a series of play exercises. such a glorified shop may experience its rewards for the actor, just it leaves audiences with a dumbbell prize. ( opens october sixteen ) 