outline: melissa, a mentally - disturbed woman who like to fume, seduces doug, a pocket sized - conference baseball player who likes to study frame, work on motorcycles, and make out with his lady friend in a public library. when doug decides to blockade seeing her, melissa maliciously contain revenge on those around him, including his girl, his female parent, and his cat. comments: malicious, i suppose, is an acceptable moview for what information technology be: a cheap, b - picture thriller which rips off dozens and dozens of scorn - psycho - lover - world health organization - wants - revenge films (alike fatal attraction, hand that rocks the cradle, etc. etc.) that have come before it. malicious, however, in truth doesn ' t leave very many peculiarly suspenseful bit. the plot take off cancelled energetically plenty, the master characters are introduced and the affair between doug and melissa begins and ends pretty early on in the movie. information technology starts to hale, unfortunately, after this. melissa will obviously try to take her retaliation on doug (as always seems to happen in movies like these ), but she does thus in unimaginative way of life that have embody practise in other, good thrillers before. she drug someone. she kill a family favorite and leaves it in the girl ' s apartment. and, of line, she stalk, so we see a figure of shot, which be supposed to be cliff hanging, where she ' s spying on doug and his girlfriend. 1 won ' t reveal the laughable cease to this republic of turkey, but i warn you that information technology ' s both painfully obvious and a tangible yawner. john vernon does a unmistakably good business at trifle the not - so - bright baseball game athlete who initially father swept away by melissa (one of the playscript ' s faults is to try to go through off a character like this as a pre - med student ). the same cannot be say, though, for molly ringwald. at time, she can in effect pull off the taken up lover routine, especially during her mum, i ' grand - fail - to - stare - you - down scenes. at other times, withal, she just seems somehow goofy and knocked out of place. in one fussy scene which i guess was supposed to be suspenseful, she screech " fluorine - - k you, you b - - - - - d " and befuddle a phone. she delivers the line so preposterously that one bum ' t help merely laugh. malicious certainly isn ' t the tough thriller of its kind out in the video racks (a issue of really fat turkies in this genre are proscribed in that respect ), but information technology isn ' t all that good operating theatre original either. find free to treat this film maliciously, watch over something else. 