this movie stink! although information technology is professionally crafted and there are some decent performance, the plot is so bad it trail the picture show into the abysm. ane knew i was in for trouble when, during the opening establishment shot, we see a detailed finis - up of warrant officer paul brenner ' s (john travolta) military identification card and it is the unseasonable color. this might appear like a small particular, simply anyone world health organization has spent anytime with the military knows that active duty identification card are unripe and dependant cards are yellow. and what about the older military police officer whose uniform shirt is so wrinkled helium looks like he is a recruit on his initiatory day of training. or what about when brenner secern a suspect that, because helium is in the war machine, he doesn ' t have the right not to resolve his interrogative even though these right field were primal to military law well before the miranda decision. how hard is it to get someone familiar with the military to check these fact? instantly details like this could be overlooked if the underlie taradiddle held upward, but this story is so total of holes it is dreadful to sit done. for example, at the outset of the film, saul of tarsus brenner, an undercover army investigator, gets into a heavy weapon and knife battle at his remove - post houseboat and winds - up pour down an arms monger atomic number 2 had been inquire. the local constabulary investigating the death are openly hostile to the military and they discover that brenner get been lying to them about the killing. but rather of arresting him, or at least take aim him into detention for further inquiring, they discharge him. duh! ultimately, brenner gets ascribe to investigate the murder and possible violation of the commanding general ' s daughter, a young master as well assign to the station. when brenner finds graphical gender tape have the general ' s daughter, do he use them to engender a suspect list and begin grilling suspects. no, his instinct is to crush them because they power be potentially embarrassing. finally, brenner discovers that this execution make up touch on to a violent gang assault at west point eight years earlier. i won ' thyroxin still go into the totally unbelievable rationale for the united states army ' s suppression of this horrendous offence. i testament just advert one final flaw. brenner is enquire a offense that occurred in ga. the rape pass in west item, which is in novel york. helium be nether a very tight (and totally implausible) 36 - time of day deadline to solve this typesetter's case. he require to discuss the ravishment with a psychiatrist at west point. does atomic number 2 phone the doctor? no, he travel (via some unexplained really tight transport) to new york to question the shrink in person, and then he returns to georgia (again by the miracle transport ), without at one time worrying astir the impact any of this will have on his deadline. you let been warned, stay away from this unitary. 