for about xx minutes into mission impossible 2 director st. john woo (the killer, hard boiled, present sour) appear to have made an exciting, elegant, charming spy thriller, variety of a post millennium james bond adventure with a strapping american (read: uncomplicated) hero more willing to drop kick villains than out fox them. sadly, as the picture build up, the final product begin to bear a close resemblance to a souped upward, two - hour long instalment of magyuver. and not a in particular adept one at that. what went untimely? mi2 begins flashily plenty, that initial flash leading us to believe that it ' ll before long give way to something of a plot, but it only gives way to more flash, so digress further into a presumably unintentional parody of itself with much slo mo posturing and countless action set pieces wherein bad guy appear to deliberately leap into the way of tom cruise ' s firing gun just so they can die really cool. early on, during a car salmon portland chase between soon to constitute devotee ethan hunting (tom cruise) and nyah nordoff - manor hall (thandie newton ), court work some of his hallmark magic. in one hypnotic, though completely inexplicable sequence, the director slow down the action downward to a languid semi - stall as cruise and his stunning opponent stare into one and other ' s eyes with come hither sexuality? ?? just as their various car smash and spin in accordance, coming e'er thus skinny to toppling over a neighboring cliff. prior to this we see the famed trailer untier of sail climbing a steep batch, sans scaffold, then leaping from one jagged careen organization to another. wherefore? i haven ' t the foggiest. single dubiety even john woo could provide you with a logical answer. with mi2 woo has turn a slave to the summertime picture show machine, the single that jettisons logic for graveness defying gist and story for more than gravitation defying effects. it ' s possible that these " spies " could represent adrenaline freak climbing mess and crashing into each other as mean value to get off, though of course of action this is never explored. the scenes i ' ve described are in truth only included to titillate, non to generate any perceptivity into character. supreme being forbid. woo for certain knows how to make each set piece energetic, but they remain individual set pieces never connecting to form anything more than than splices of beer commercial - same visuals. withal in terms of crackerjack middle confect, the opening has a good deal to cherish. cruise and n for the first time receive during a vigorous flamenco dance featuring several welcome woo twist (the graceful slow mo artistry of synchronized movement juxtapose against the stage 1 love story of 2 attractive individuals let on how attractive the other represent ). between the frenzied saltation, woo train his camera on cruise and newton as they reach with some sensuous eye contact. the scene is a little over the top in a bon jovi music video circa 1988 kind of way, as yet information technology induce style and something of soul, and woo roll a routine of a spell on united states. sure information technology ' s all smoke and mirror, but we can see that on that point happens to follow a gifted maestro behind this finical mathematical product. thandie and cruise later sports meeting in a tub in a scene that ' s about half as playfully charming as the jennifer lopez \ george cloony trunk confluence in out of sight. they philander and exchange obvious double entendres. isaac newton bats her eyes flirtatiously. sail grin a little too slyly. the sail character, ethan leigh hunt, has been drastically altered since the beginning film. hither sail play him more as a hip, sexual dynamo than the square jawed robot helium impersonate in part 1. he ' s cool and dashing, which is precisely the kind of role we want to see cruise in after watch him sleep walk done eyes wide shut (which mightiness just be the longest episode of red show diaries ever so committed to film ), and blustered his path through magnolia (quite mayhap the most overrated performance of the 90 ' s ). lamentably as the plastic film progresses we watch less of cruise ' s initial " single ' m the man! " charm and more slo - atomic number 42 tightlipped - ups of his preen mug. mi2 falls apart on nearly every level during its repetitious 3rd act, which is fundamentally single hour farsighted military action sequence that just gain ' t stop. the whole affair commences with an utterly generic gun battle (the first gunman fight in the film ), which very should be unheard of in a john woo film, but alas this particular battle could ' ve been staged by anyone from renny harlin to joseph merhi (of course omit the " symbolical " pigeons who seem to find their way into every john woo picture ). we ' ve all see guys slide across the base in slo mo while firing a gun in each hand. it isn ' t done any other than hither. the action is pure hard mark \ broken pointer theatrics with goose egg to propel it but the plain need to see tom cruise fall charge face less scoundrel while his hair lash stylishly in the wind. he ' s cool for certain only helium ' s made to be as empty as the pic. the player isn ' mt used so much for his boyish appeal as for his chiseled looks; he smiles narcissistically into the camera at literally any minute, be it during a gunfight, before one or after one. when he ' s not shine forth, atomic number 2 ' s staring into the lense with cold eyes trying to face frantic as hell, but woo ' s editing seriously subvert the effort. he fetishizes cruise ' s angular expression with such mirth that information technology turns into a raw gun style spoof. i half expected cruise to peel off his facemask and reveal that he ' s genuinely austin powers. in a classic woo action consequence, ethan hunt club strut past a fiery doorway glare at the baddies within its frame like a pin - upwards boy holy man of death. the gunfight turns into a daring escape which turns into a reckless commission which turns into a motorcycle attack in which bad guys appear to angle directly for cruise to pour down them like some kind of mass suicide ritual (one dumb bastard even jumps his bike over the gun toting cruise, basically inviting our handsome hero to shoot him in mid air which he does ). the spark advance bad guy (played by the appropriately british dougray dred scott) and cruise face off in a mentally deficient biz of gallus gallus? ?? on bike. though instead of jumping off to the side at the last moment, the two grown men leap directly into the other throw each other a mid air bear hug, only to pilot astir a hundred foundation (stock still in bear hug position ), land on a beach below and lead off a mano - e - mano fist fight that ends with the bad guy pulling a " so you conceive i was dead. .. ". not to worry, cruise takes care of the problem without yet breaking a perspiration. what a cuban sandwich! you may have got noticed that i opted not to trace an iota of mi2 ' s plot. my reasoning live unproblematic: i ' m not certain of any good it would suffice. the picture itself has absolutely no business with story, only with hurtling forth river to the next " special " issue. i wasn ' tonne kidding when i told a friend of mine that mi2 has less secret plan than the average aerosmith telecasting. nobody volition go to this for the secret plan, and if they do they ' ll surely regret information technology. as summertime movies evolve (or return) character and plot get become increasingly whittle down to most nothing. in mi, the plot seemed to be built around brian de palma ' s (that film ' s director) stylistic flourishes, while in mi2 the plot of ground only serves to give u an intermittent breather from woo ' s non - stop masturbatory topsy turvydom. it ' s irrelevant in every sense, as is graphic symbol. all that ultimately matters be those pesky smoke and mirrors. 