capsule: gallon is a 50s - ish london cockney mobster who ingest retired to spain. his old associate want him for one last job and send the vicious don to give him an offer he can ' t garbage. a standout public presentation by ben kingsley as don cannot save what is essentially a seth of cliches recycled from old westerns. , zero (- four to + 4 ) roger ebert demand in his reexamination of sexy beast, " who would bear guessed that the most savage mad - dog effervesce gangster in late motion picture show would be played by. .. ben kingsley? " my reaction would equal that anyone who has seen alan arkin in time lag until dark, henry henry fonda in once upon a time in the west, or anthony hopkins in the silence of the lambs should have guessed information technology. they should know that the way of life for a film to produce a really creepy crawly psychopath is rove someone world health organization generally play mild, sympathetic, or even ineffectual persona roles. the same characteristics that make an actor appear gentle in most of his roles can figure out in his favor when a use calls for him to be fierce and condemnable. that is the rule that works for kingsley in aphrodisiacal beast. gary " gal " dove (play by ray winstone) has retired from a london life history of crime and be living on a sybaritic doroteo arango in spain. life have become a routine of sun himself and relaxing. but his paradise is astir to be shattered by a one - deuce - punch. the world class punch is a boulder that comes stray down the hill future to the pancho villa. the second puncher come from gal ' sec past. back in london gang boss teddy bass part (ian mcshane, tv ' s lovejoy) is plan to intermit into a prophylactic down payment room in a bank and helium wants gal. helium sends his to the highest degree rabid partner in crime don logan (ben kingsley) to fetch gal. don leave accept any conclusion gal makes from " yes " to " certainly. " however, if gal says " no " don will do whatever information technology takes to turn it into a yes admit threaten guy ' s ex - smut - star topology wife deedee (amanda redman ). in the meanwhile don knows just how to have under everybody ' s skin. kingsley makes don a compact package of fury and spitefulness. on that point are some serious problems in louis mellis ' s and david scinto ' s script that should make been caught before filming. when we see the actual crime we get no approximation wherefore gal was so of import to it success. beyond an power to utilise skin - diving appurtenance, no special talents are required of him. any local hood could have done what gallon is needed for. additionally the crime regard hollow from a swim consortium to the bank vault, flooding the vault. no only when could they have rent the water out of the pool and avoided the complication altogether, but at that place is by far also much piddle to be answer for for by what constitute in the pool. in spite of the provocative title, the story is cliched and too intimate. unity know single have seen altogether the plot elements of sexy animate being in honest to goodness westerns like the law and jake wade. the story is usually of the reformed outlaw, a robert taylor type, world health organization have hung astir his guns and be trying for a biography of peaceful respectability. the old pack, however, wants to do unrivalled more business with their sometime chum and send a rabid richard widmark type to go and git? im. it is non a bully plot. in aphrodisiacal brute even the secret plan twists have gray beards. perhaps the celluloid has a little more than reputability because information technology was made non as a western but as a stylish british mobster film. it is an old game enclothe up to look new. if the plot is older, at least the manner personify creative. this is managing director jonathan glass cutter ' s first pic, but he has reputedly done some notable goggle box ad for sir alec guinness stout. his style does have some unexpected touches let in some rattling odd dream sequences. camera operator ivan bird uses a lot of half lit scenes. we watch one side of a mortal ' s faces. merely the early side fades into the dark, a sort of metaphor for the half - worldly concern these character in - habit. half of everything that is happening embody also unbroken hidden. we northerner will have a hard time with some of the duologue. at least in my theater it live difficult to make out the words with the quiet speechmaking, the heavy stress, and the cockney language. sexy brute be a very and intimate underage plot lententide reputability in the us by being done in what is here a however somewhat refreshing genre, the john griffith chaney crime film. the game may be new to british crime films, but information technology would cost overly conversant as a westerly. further reputability comes from ben kingsley ' s high - powered performance. i give it a 4 on the 0 to 10 scale and a cipher on the - quartet to + quadruplet musical scale. 