welcome to your oh - so typical continuation. it attempt to be double equally crowing as it ' s predecessor, yet ends up twice as shallow. shoal. .. . hmm. .. now in that respect ' s an idea. peradventure if the ill - fated cruise liner in this movie have struck a shallow rand early on things may have turn come out better. the first affair that struck pine tree state. .. and storm maine, was that the tv camera study (for the opening sequence anyway) was terrible. looked same the camera operator be intoxicated and continue tripping on their ain feet. .. .. . very different to the original picture show. the character reference? comfortably, not many of the characters really * had * part, only here ' s a rundown. annie, world health organization constitute the highlighting of the the original, must throw seriously banged her head in the gearing crash at the closing of the first movie. wherefore? because something ' s got to account for her losing that many iq point. still though annie wasn ' t exactly a rocket scientist in speed, hither some of her actions just make you require to beat your head against a bulwark. for example, after successfully using a chainsaw to trim a hole in a door thus that a group of people can escape noxious gases - she stands in the middle of the opening for about five minutes till someone cue her that the people can ' t get ut cashbox she get ' s the chainsaw out of their faces. .. . blast flush bang in point of fact sandra ' s fictional character is turned into little more than one of those scantly dress extra from hercules, who constantly has to be rescued. jason patric? all i can allege is impart back keanu. keanu reeves might throw the emotional stove of a tree dais. .. but that ' s one more tree soapbox than jason have. i don ' mt opine he change facial formula all movie - jason, grin for the cameras!! at once frown! .. . one said frown. .. . buckeye state. .. you are. .. bang bang hit.. wooden just doesn ' t describe this guys performance, but information technology ' ll get to cause. the tough guy. .. .. ahh. .. william dafoe - in that location ' s a bright move. how toilet you go untimely with the star from that acknowledged classic, soundbox of evidence? ( yes, that be sarcasm ). his wide eyed madman of a part doesn ' t start out likewise bad. .. . only goes steady downhill as the moving picture progresses. in the end atomic number 2 degenerates to chasing annie around for a hostage, even though atomic number 2 already has the money and prat break away. .. . bash strike. though iodin ' d similar to break this movie a double pollex down, there were some nice sequence. considering the moving picture cost complete 100 million dollars - you ' d hope there ' d follow at least a duo. the actual oculus - popper for maine, still though information technology was given away in the trailer. .. . bang blast. .. .. was the succession where the cruise liner sideswipe the oil tank ship. this looks wondrous and one live very surprised to see that the cruise ocean liner in it was. .. . completely reckoner generated! sidesplitter. .. . i don ' t think iodine ' ve of all time seen a cg model look so genuine before. the sequence where jason patric in trying to disenable the propellers from nether the ship is also terrific, and the sole clock time during the full movie where you get that feeling of. .. . speed. this lack - of - speed problem touch many sequences. such as the crude oil oil tanker part. .. .. it be - " oh no, we ' rhenium going to shoot the fossil oil tanker! ", twenty minute later - " oh no, we ' atomic number 75 rifle to hit the oil tanker! " xx min. .. . you get the power point. this movie go wrong but because information technology didn ' metric ton live up to it ' s name. .. . there was very lilliputian feeling of swiftness. in the original movie, the confidential information characters had to stool split second decisions to survive. .. .. in this movie information technology felt to a greater extent comparable - " well people, we ' re gonna run into that there island in a few hours - i think i mightiness stroll over to engineering and see if i can ' t turn off the engines. .. 1 ' m fall out the cafeteria on the way, can i receive anybody anything? " the ending of this film really is terrible. even though it features what single ' ve since found tabu is unrivalled of the most expensive sequences of all time in a movie - it precisely doesn ' t piece of work at all. the part where the liner clank through the town look real realistic, only. .. . surprise surprisal - information technology just takes waaaaay too long. it seemed to go for 15 minute before the ship finally stopped. single thing that struck me as passing miserable scriptiing was that as the ship crashes through with the harbor and townsfolk, around 25 people are killed by the ship. .. . and there ' s only 15 or so people left on the ship. thence when it stops safe and reasoned and the characters are all cheer - the audience is ride rearwards and thinking - " wait a s. .. this is a happy moment because? " belt bang and so there be the dog. .. .. single almost fall out of my seat when i saw the snatch with the frank dodging the falling debris. order a hound in peril receive become the ultimate hollywood platitude. .. .. . every movie seem to have a ' hotdog - in - danger ' sequence - vent, dante ' s tip, independency day, day, twister. miss man. .. .. . etc, etc. this moving picture show personify a consummate example of how not to make a sequel. director jan de bont should try watching the orignal picture and this unmatched backward - to - binding and see if atomic number 2 make where he go wrong. 