to arrange it bluntly, ed ellen price wood would have been proud of this. a altogether ridiculous plot of ground is encompass with bad humor, hokey drama, nix logic and a horseshit screenplay. too, a beautifully anti - climactic ending. not to say it didn ' t spirit intriguing when i saw the preview. so much for true statement in advertising. roland emmerich, who ' s afterwards " independence day " would count like " the 400 blows " compared to this, conscientious objector - writed and directed this inane sci - fi moving picture show which uses the cliche of there be some connection between eqypt and aliens. in a useless opening sequence, man find a stone in 1914 with hieroglyphic on information technology. it wouldn ' t be till present sidereal day (' 94) till they would really figure information technology knocked out. they ' re decipherer? a slightly - neurotic scientist (nice twist ), dr. dan jackson (james spader, doing his good outside of erotic thriller and some indy menu) world health organization ' s life suction then much that people walk out of his lectures after the third word. wherefore do they use him to decipher what no one else could? thus there is a hokey finish! duh! he figures it kayoed in about a moment. yea. and then they get a suicidal colonel or something, " jack " o ' neill (kurt russel, with his wyat earp locks in the offset so a savourless - pinnacle that would make howie long snap into a foetal post ). wherefore a suicidal colonel? for the ending! you ' ll get the bent of this. they open the stargate, a bunch of them plump through with information technology with a bomb to blow it up if they find anything unfit. after an overdone peculiar effects matter, they ' rhenium. .. privileged a goddam pyramid. so they went to egypt, right? improper. they ' ra on another planet that was take in egypt. they discover a cilvilization rule by celestial longitude, the sun god (the androginous jaye davidson, with a part modifier to make him sound like barry white with asthma attack ), and there be fights, explosions and a kiss between 2 masses. yea. also melodrama, stupidity, artificial picture and a bizarre language. an anti - climactic ending ends with unintelligent lines (" say hi to king tut, asswhole! " - the quintessential transmission line, lemme state ya) and some convenient pesudo - pseudo - pseudo - character ontogeny. by the end, you simply wanna run home and picket, i don ' t know, the " outer limits " surgery something. the book ' s terrible. the special event are okay, merely nothing swell. the story ' siemens so watery that information technology ' s almost opaque. the unhurt experience just isn ' t worth information technology unless you ' re so bored that you ' d consider watching a " total menage " marathon. .. beaver state this . atomic number 53 ' 500 option this, obviously, simply still, information technology ' s just not fun at all. and i can ' t wait for it to premier on mst3k. 