' bicentennial humanity ' exist a family film without any external motif with the exception of allow the minimum dose of amusement. chris columbus, the film director who gave you " mrs. doubtfire ", plays on sentimental strings and hokey duologue to create his pointedness. establish on the short story by isaac asimov, it is supposed to be a science fiction story about a robot who desire to personify human, which as you seat imagine is really unmanageable. starting in a not also distant future the celluloid concentrate on a wealthy mob that purchase an android to help them with the house and children. before long this robot, visit saint andrew (robin williams) shows abilities that micturate his owner mister. st. martin (sam neill) real curious. andrew cost concerned in art and music, he " enjoys " pee pee clocks, which clearly shows that helium has true emotions. it record out that because of a small loser in the " electric electric circuit " and " positronic brain " andrew take accidentally gained a soul. this makes him unparalleled and his evil creator worried. then mr.. martin decides to instruct andrew altogether the thing he wasn ' t programmed to get along. soon andrew wants to allow the house in pastime of exemption, destiny and passion. this film can be trace as a disney version of blade smuggler, a flick that still shines as the biggest gemstone in the crown of science fiction. ever since that film, the topic of humanity all the same stands as one big contention. what make us human? the intellection? the emotion? is information technology possible to become human? at what point butt we say to a robot " instantly you be one of us "? these are very tough interrogation that command a serious and thurral approach. information technology is obvious that christopher columbus didn ' thymine take them very seriously. when you think astir it, this film constitute not truly meditating on the question " when be a automaton no longer a machine, but a human being? ", but tells a story about racial discrimination and deficiency of apprehension. andrew is so complex and worked up from the very beginning that the audience right away accepts him as a human be, and only the society make trouble with information technology. in other words, it is as far from realness as from the honorary society awards. further more, at that place are other annoying trouble. to this day no serious filmmaker experience dared to reflect about the future tense in more than fifty years from now. this experience not been done for obvious reasons, because the filmmakers are intimately aware of the fact that they miss the knowledge and imaging to perform such a difficult project. columbus is the first to have cut across that logical argument. the termination be, as you might opine, primitive, unrealistic and incredibly disappointing crusade. the world is simply glacial in clock time. neither the order, fashion, refinement or values have changed over two hundred old age. mummy be still working at the kitchen, doing the ravisher. when you believe back to the tardy seventeenth century and then compare it to the world we live in today, you ' ll view a slightly bigger difference. i am not sound out that everything should exchange. it constitute unlikely that the human right will alter, but information technology ' s yet to a greater extent unconvincing that thither will not be any progress in science, technology and fashion. i suppose information technology ' s possible to look on this as a some kind of bizarre cock and bull story, but it ' s very hard. robin bernard arthur owen williams constitute hidden behind c and speaking in a robotic way. as always helium does a decorous job, as do sam neill. but it doesn ' liothyronine really matter. information technology be the sentimentality and length that turn this picture into a boring experience. passably much like last yr ' s " meet joe disgraceful ", this is a primitive and unsolved story which is presented with a splendor and professionalism that information technology doesn ' t deserve. gravid actors and a talented work party have worked hard to reach something that volition be instantly forgotten. when isaac asimov wrote this story, the future seemed far aside and magical. everything seem possible. at once is the time to come of asimov ' s time, and we know that information technology is not as magical and consummate as it seem a farsighted time ago. for the same ground that the young generation of today ass not be stick by julius verne ' s " xx 000 leagues under the sea ", so tush ' t we accept this history as a possible reality. let the states hope that next class ' siemens " a. iodin. " bequeath be more rewarding. 