for a pic with such inscrutable religious and religious undercurrent, it is surprising to find the messenger: the tale of joan of arc such an ungodly good deal. in the early to mid 1400 ' south, there be little in the elbow room of spiritual light to be found shining from the heart of a valet de chambre oregon woman. the church building was a dismally dingy and oppressive stead. france be involved in " the c years war " against england. there was no impregnable political leadership in the country. morale represent low, there be little hope for the future. it was within this setting that a young french little girl lead off see " representative " and see " visions. " convert that these be messages from graven image, she brazenly demanded to find out the dauphin in order to deliver the message directly to him. the message: if he would give her an army to control, she would deliver to him the jacket crown. helium does. .. and she does. then, once seated on the commode, he abandons her to her english captor. director luc besson (the fifth part element) english hawthorn ingest co - wrote the handwriting but atomic number 2 ne'er appeared to have a proper handle on the material. the inconsistencies of the casting, the confusing fuzz of the violent battle scenes, the inappropriate musical score, and the lack of a vibrant life force at the sum of the film tot up to a largely disappointing end product which is oftentimes unintentionally nonsensical. his biggest miscue was to couch his married woman, milla jovovich (the fifth element) in the form of address function. mib. jovovich, seem spectacular as joan, clad in struggle armor, astride a similarly saved horse. if looks were plenty to fully convey a character, she would hold been brilliant. since it isn ' deoxythymidine monophosphate, she tried (and fail) to play the percentage. her joan is unbalanced, " inspiring " the military personnel just by screaming stridently and waving her standard or sword over her head same a woman possessed. john malkovich (being john malkovich) get along a bit well as the dauphin, who joan would see on the throne as charles vii. an easy manipulated man, his weakness of character foreshadows the betrayal of joan which would lead to her demise. faye dunaway (the lowell jackson thomas crest affair) afford a strong performance in minimal screen time as the dauphin ' atomic number 16 engender - in - police force and top dog advisor. the army nether joan ' s command are represent of comical figures, more stooges than soldier. the i exception would be tcheky karyo (la femme nikita) as dunois, the man who be leading the attack prior to joan ' s arrival. try out to plan a systematic cause, atomic number 2 visualize his leaders authority negated by joan ' s pressure on following her " sight. " dustin hoffman (sphere) take in a small inhuman part as joan ' s moral sense which begins speaking to her while expect trial. dressed alike cloaked monk, he leads her to doubt herself and her " revelations. " as well she should. good book do speak of revelation. god, via his gift of holy spirit, is able bodied to pass along to man. tierce of the nine manifestation of holy spirit listed in 1 playboy 12 sight with receiving revelation. they are: word of noesis, word of wisdom, and discerning of look. even the word of god themselves be a result of god give revelation to his " holy men. .. world health organization spake as they were move by holy spirit (i. east. by revelation of saint john the divine.) " merely the scriptures also caution the states: " beloved, consider non every spirit, but try the liveliness whether they are of supreme being: because many false prophet are buy the farm ko'd into the world. " ane john 4: 1 [kjv ] joan ' s end, (being sting at the stake at the age of 19 ), the frenzy (mob dominion) and blood lust her inspiration wrought, and the death, pain, or suffer which follow her campaign all degree to a devilish influence rather than a godly 1. while her conviction and acute believing remains an admirable calibre, she was, as others have been earlier and since, misdirect by the ghostly master of deception. as a messenger, she be rather effective. she was exactly confused as to whose message she was bear. 