note: some may consider fortune of the come text to be spoilers. cost forewarned. at the end of the daytime, those reflecting upon the fiasco that is the retaliator would do well to get note that warning clouds loomed on the horizon for the project well before warner bros. made the disputative decision to abandon preview press screenings and junk plans for a jamboree premiere. this highly - anticipated celluloid interpretation of the cult television display was in the first place slotted for an early june opening, where it would have exit head - to - head against the rival studios ' heavy hitters; its eventual demotion to a less potent mid - aug opening was an obvious former indication of the studio ' s lack of confidence with the icon. and with good grounds. this be a joyless example of a film, held together by a scantily coherent plot and lack any gloss of fervour, shiver oregon wit. noteworthy in its banality and brutally uninvolving, the avengers is a catastrophic mess which immediately invite comparisons to last year ' s causa study in style over substance, book of joel schumacher ' s much - loathed batman & robin. ( indeed, both films even feature appal, ridiculous chronological succession which get hold central case dressed upward in fuzzy oversize costumes. ) uma thurman, who takes on the lubricious character of the catsuit - clad, karate - chopping emma robert peel memorialise by diana rigg, embody the only bright pip in the aforementioned schumacher disaster, imbuing her poison english ivy with a dose of sassiness and sly wit that hold audiences something to smile at amidst the cinematic carnage. unfortunately, the same tin ' t be say here, where she and cohort ralph fiennes (our new john steed, taking concluded for patrick macnee) demonstrate no appreciable chemistry whatsoever, fatally crippling the picture as they volley fizzling repartee back and forth and trade double - entendres with all the enthusiasm of ii actors painfully aware that they ' re on board a sinking ship. at this rate, usually - magnificent doer mr. fiennes may never make the transition from arthouse apollo to mainstream leading serviceman - - his lukewarm turn hither will make as much of an inroad as his commendably seedy performance in the regrettably - neglected kathyrn bigelow film foreign days. the duo * look * the portion - - and admittedly the avenger is, more than most, heavily pendant upon flair - - but they ' re no fun to watch, and ace found myself growing increasingly distant and annoyed by the lack of spark between the two cheekily wry characters as they navigated through the picture ' s caper - esque plot of ground. when not checking my wristwatch or shifting restlessly in my can, i began to alleviate the boredom by considering how this all mightiness have played out had the filmmakers choose to go instead with that erstwhile emma as our mrs. peel - - no, non kate beckinsale (although the notion now intrigues me ), merely gwyneth paltrow, who was originally in the running for the part and can veritably handle a spot - on english accent mark. if goose egg else, information technology ' d at least follow highly nurse for the incongruous mickle of the vaguely twiggish young actress kicking butt. the story, such as it be, involves the ever - bemused tandem of steed and skin combat the malevolent sir august de wynter (sean connery ), an eccentric aristocrat threatening the safety of the nation with his mood - contain contraption. ( they also sip a lot of tea. ) overlooking some goofy cloning nonsense and quirky hijinx involve our champion ' superiors, it sounds far better than it plays, and be fork over most indecipherable by blatant spot - production tinkering; it ' s clearly patent that the picture has been cut to tatter. the retaliator equal never astir grapple drama, and our heroes accordingly ne'er postulate villainous sir revered very seriously, simply given the lack of cohesion in the plot and the lack of menace conveyed by the buffoonish maniac, it ' s all unquestionably uncompelling. mister. connery, who ' s onscreen barely long plenty to show an impression, approach the role like a man fulfilling a contractual obligation, at the same time chewing the scenery while ineffective to hide his neutrality. at least it all looks good. this be a genuinely handsome production, with fine costume design by anthony colin luther powell and crisply guess by roger pratt. in special, the gleaming production design by stuart craig commands attending, adeptly get element both sometime and new in order to show this bang up britain. there be a handful of striking visual moments in the film, include an attack by a swarm of giant robotic bees and a squeamish scene of steed and peel finding a way of life to walk on water, just the film represent therefore unremittingly dull that even these instances fail to shake interest or raise pulse rates. by the time the film ' s climax bear arrived, my interest make up not with the sight of steed and sir august laze information technology out amidst crash moving ridge and roar rain, but with the quickest escape route from the theater. not coincidentally, the enticing bits of visual bravura be the shots assemble into the movie ' sulphur remarkable trailer, a savvy piece of work which ironically is infinitely more appealing that the lineament cinema itself; the first promo which made the troll in early spring is probably my favourite studio trailer so far this year. it ' s everything that the retaliator is not - - saucy, clever, engaging, and entertaining. a suppression letdown, the film is one of the bad junket of the year - - likewise drearily awful to comprise savoured as joyously bad, too polished to command its want. there may be upcoming pictures that be even more lifeless than the avenger, but 1 sure bob hope not. 