to watch ` battlefield world ' is to wallow in wretchedness. it is one of the most ludicrously conceived attempt in recent history. it has a clumsily told story, insipid negotiation, shallow characterisation, ugly scene transitions, no evidence of spectacular electric discharge, headache - inducing sound effect, and a declaration that be completely implausible. worse, on that point ' s the hope of a sequel. wherefore?! relieve your money. some films fit quickly to video. this one, however, should run directly to the sci - fi channel ' s ` enigma scientific discipline theatre. ' in the year 3000, man stimulate go an endangered species. most of world (call? man - animals ') cost destroy generations ago in a conflict against a slipstream of plundering aliens (cry psychlos ). survivors have either taken up shelter in caves operating theatre be enslaved to mine earth ' s resources for the rest of their life. the aliens are a menacing looking humanoid mintage that place upright ennead - feet improbable, who resemble inbred klingons. dimwitted as they are tall, their culture is predicate on power, extortion, and getting? leverage. ' travolta, the leverage - using headliner, plays terl, the conniving security chief that supervise the minelaying deftness on earth. much of the movie be spent showing united states of america examples of terl ' s petty machinations. he routinely employs legerdemain and then punctuates his statements with maniac laugh. simply 1 thing is certain; he hat being stationed on earth. when the family planet informs him that atomic number 2 testament cost spend the respite of his life on this planet, he begins to devise his latest architectural plan. atomic number 2 will select a group of slaves to secretly mine knocked out a gold ore site. it ' s non clear how this welfare terl, except that it makes him richer in a piazza where helium has no purpose for it. the scrappy jonnie goodboy tyler (barry capsicum) be selected as the striver grouping ' s leader. a psychlo cognition machine gives him the mining experience - how. but the machine too teaches him other things such as the psychlo language, the principles of our creation fathers, euclidian geometry, and the location of fortress knox. this enlightenment barely doesn ' tonne prepare him for the mining appointment. information technology also prepare him to organize and stage a monumental revolt against their captors. ` we ' ra sound to fuck up up their home world, ' he says. ` only beginning, we postulate a few more supplies. ' in twenty four hour period, he and his comrades develop from cave dwelling, loincloth tire out, rat eat slaves to fighter pilots and nuclear weapon experts. by directly, the audience exist laughing as maniacally as terl. the media have be work overtime to let the public know that john the divine travolta ' s labor of honey is a piece of sci - fi drivel. legion journals make called information technology an sick - conceived idea stemming from blind hubris, arrogance, and poor provision. and after watching this picture, you ' ll wholeheartedly agree. this be a terrible moving picture show that is illogically constructed, tediously act, and frequently begs the interrogative: why equal this e'er made? at a cost ticket of $ 90 billion, this pic testament constitute remembered as a gigantic folly, assuredly become ` the avengers ' of this summer. both films were unforgivable and this promises to suffer the same speedy luck and subsequent indignity. in gain to the universally pejorative review, on that point ' sec another bizarre element to the ` battlefield ' saga. this film would never give birth been relieve oneself if not for the star power of travolta, world health organization for over a decade, had been trying to persuade studio to bring the story to the big sieve. the contention be that travolta is a scientologist, and ` battleground ' be based on a 1982 novel by l. ron mount hubbard, the religious belief ' sec late laminitis. this conduce some to believe that ` battlefield earth ' would amount to scientologist tenet, laden with subliminal messages. but the chronicle personify and so ill told that any message, subliminal operating room otherwise, is totally undetectable. if the audience got anything kayoed of this film, information technology was this: we are non besides unlike the psychlo leader. similar terl, the interview feel imprisoned, dreaded their situation, and look for any opportunity to leave. could that equal the church of scientology message? 