earn your first characteristic film ain ' t easy. assemble a decent, if not, strong cast, as author / film director robert moresco has done with one eyed king, and you ' re already onward of the game. simply rehash old game lines, hackneyed dialogue, and criterion clich? s, and a advantageously - intentioned cause such as this one could jeopardise your chance at a second lineament film. how many more movies serve we need astir a rough neighborhood full of lifelong friends dispiritedly turned to crime or worse? the enormous catalog of such moving picture show power deter a movie maker from get to yet another, but here we have it. over again. five irish kids in nyc ' s scheol ' s kitchen make an overemotional treaty over some steal rings on an anon. rooftop. with teary eyed music. and slacken motion. in the film ' s first off prospect. the kids grow astir to be fairly worthless adult, unable operating theatre unwilling to cause their way out of the heat of the kitchen. leading the clueless ring is william james baldwin as a good - hearted guy rope who watches out for his buddies and is in pie eyed with local mob head armand assante. i ' d like to articulate that his character gets need over his head in some sort of fustian, blah, fustian, just all we seem to get comprise fiddling tastes of possible plot of ground points. helium ' sulfur concerned about buddy jason gedrick ' s diacetylmorphine abuse. he sticks up for jim marcel lajos breuer after helium impregnates baldwin ' s graphic symbol ' s baby. atomic number 2 looks into who might live pushing the most moronic - looking forgery cash ever cook (a genuinely funny spot ). but none of this ever really amounts to anything. it seem that moresco ' s greater concern is to provide that intangible " slice of aliveness ", that flavor of the neighborhood that everyone ' s equal essay to evoke since scorsese ' reciprocal ohm other oeuvre. so, we get the drunk guys, hugging and sing in concert at the local bar, to try to the states that they really know each former. ( do people really make this! ? ) we get a heap of tough street talk - - ordinarily mumbled for result - - and a whole passel of the f - password, whether it sounds like it check or not. we too get a smattering of good doer in small role that seem to lack purpose. giordano bruno kirby, chazz palminteri, you lie with, guys you ' ve seen in movies just like this one before. assante is healthy casting as the man that everyone awe, and baldwin ' s performance is adequate, but most of the ease of the cast jump into the tough guy persona then soundly that it ' s almost funny. moresco, a theater guy wire and sometimes tv writer (including the serial falcone ), obviously labored over this one as anyone might a first small fry, but the cognitive content be likely too personal. as a termination, the movie ' s style cost heavy - handed, in need of a considerable quantity of toning down. nearly every time an action by the maturate up gang recalls something they do as kids, moresco reminds us - - male child does atomic number 2 cue u. with dense dissolves to the early scene, running in slow question, accomplished with duologue from the present, just in vitrine we don ' t get the picture the link to the past. moresco needs to either entrust his hearing ' s news, or have more faith in his own presentation kinda than beat united states over the head with information technology. his following project should accept a little to a greater extent personal distance, and a spate more subtlety. if atomic number 2 in reality gets that chance. reexamine as region of our 2001 boston film festival coverage (feature story coming soon ). 