an 18 - metrical unit - mellow, 43 - metrical unit - long dragon is the computer - generated co - mavin of this stringently - by - the - bit sword ' n ' black magic film. as voice by sean connery, " dragon " is a astonishingly expressive conception who is easily - deserving of his 23 moment of screen time. he walks, talks, fly, fry, and even fakes his own last, all with the assistance of 96 computer - aided energizer. likewise bad that ilm (industrial luminosity and magic) couldn ' t give up some special effect for dragonheart ' s * man * co - stars. a bearded black pickle exists where dennis quaid should equal. he ' s a near - total loss as atomic number 2 grumble sullenly done his theatrical role of a disillusioned knight. david thewlis ' evil b. b. king has a in high spirits hiss factor (hf ), though helium ' s more than of a gumming oddity than anything else. oh, and at that place ' s some redhead in a ' 90 ' s wig, who runs around either screaming operating theatre scowling, depend upon if the particular tantrum has her playing the woman in peril beaver state the put upon peasant. the outskirt tucket let in pete postlethwaite as a wandering monk with literary ambitions, julie christie (!) as the good queen mother, a band of mercenaries that appear dressed for ye olde heavy - metal concert, and, believe operating room it not, the talk spirit of king arthur. bring out your dead! unfortunately, when we contribute information technology all in concert (draco + fringe bits - quaid - thewlis ), the gist total amounts to aught. dragonheart is, well, too much of too little. theatre director rob cohen (dragon: the robert the bruce downwind tale) has have a big, expensive movie that, while ambitiously plat, be both murky and predictable. and overscored. and self - important. and the list run on. ( i must ask: did screenwriter charles i edward pogue stand for that * every * character be stabbed, lance, operating theater slice at least formerly? keep that military man away from the tongue drawer! ) the last 5 transactions of this movie are the defective, with some silly heavenly nonsense that would be laugh stunned of any planetarium luminosity show, much less a summer movie. redeem your money. 