the " fab 4 " of ronald reagan high constitute four stuck - upwards girls, played by rose mcgowan, rebecca gayheart, julie benz and charlotte roldan, world health organization overdress like quaternary swish spice wannabes. their daily ritual is to troop upwards and down the school halls like royal house, and their constant reflex action is to grab their concordat so they can insure their shuffling - up and powderize their cheeks. nether no fortune will they ever let themselves constitute seen eating in public. in writer and director darren stein ' s jawbreaker, information technology isn ' t as suspicious as information technology sounds. in fact, it isn ' t funny at all. stein has have the shameful comedy of a teenage movie like calluna vulgaris and stripped it of any intelligence, wit or charm. his actresses toss off their lines so tight that they put on ' deoxythymidine monophosphate have time to add any emotion. and all of his female characters get well more lipstick than brains. the setup for the movie have matchless of the fab 4, liz, who is referred to as " the princess di of reagan high, " constitute killed when a prank by the early 3 go improper. the princess di point of reference live in bad taste, as is much of the motion picture. give, tough taste can sometimes be funny, but the simple mien of bad taste sensation doesn ' t guarantee it. liz ' s lady friend stick a jawbreaker that is literally big than a golf ball in her mouth, taping her mouthpiece shut, and stick her leaping trunk in the trunk of a car. when they open the proboscis later, liz be dead. they eventually invest her blue and bruised body into a sexual position and make information technology depend corresponding liz was the victim of a brutal rape. these naturalistic and disgusting panorama of a dead, seminude teen have a adult flavour that be hard to draw a blank and will likely turn the stomach of many a viewer. the photographic film ' sulfur dialog non only isn ' t funny, it ' s trite. unity nerdy untried girl introduces herself with " my name is fern mayo, as in hold the mayonnaise. " when fern discovers what has happen, the fab 3 shuffling her an offer she bathroom ' t refuse - - shuffling - upwards! they coat it on her and welcome her to the kin. the parents in the movie crow about learning bring up skill from keep an eye on oprah. the teachers fare no good, specially in the ridiculous line of descent they are yield. " misfire shayne, please cover your breast, " i young instructor, world health organization has been make up to calculate old and ugly, suppose without any conviction. " this is a learning introduction, non a sporting house. " besides the obvious inquiry of wherefore this motion picture was ever made, there is one other inquiry that i ' five hundred similar to inquire the director. wherefore come you have a telephone set number start with 555 if you going to cover the rest of the number anyway? in a cameo, pam grier plays detective vera cruz, who inquire liz ' s execution. as she interrogates the other people, she stares at them similar they are all cretin, proving that she is the alone one that have it. i be sure that if the hard nosed investigator cruz were to see this movie, she ' ergocalciferol walk stunned after about 5 minutes, and you ' d be well advised to do the same if you should happen to find yourself in a theater showing it. jawbreaker runs ace: 27. it is grass roentgen for furiousness, gore, profanity and sex. atomic number 53 would advise everyone to invalidate it, simply if teenagers go they should be former and mature. 