phaedra cinema, the distributor of such never - heard - of classics as " delicate toilet seats, " " trailer: the movie, " and " the one armed boxer vs. the flying guillotine, " feature slip its latest release, " the sculptress, " into a few theaters this weekend hoping to cash in on a handful of halloween holidaygoers looking for a right dear scare. " the sculptress " is a scary proposition all right, only non in the fashion its producer destine. from the outset it ' s easy to see wherefore some of the larger, to a greater extent reputable chains aren ' t carrying information technology: the film looks similar a straight - to - tv release from the other ' fourscore that ' s cost dusted off (not very carefully) and re - issued in theatrical format. that staple of schlocky z - movie jeff fahey (" the lawnmower man ") diddle a water washed - up shakespearean actor lacking in some canonic the great unwashed skills. when helium ' s not reliving his glory days in his ramshackle nob hill apartment, squall scotch - induced " hamlet " soliloquies well into the dark, he ' s taboo and about on the street of san francisco stalk promiscuous women. fahey ' s dobie sizes up his victims (actually precisely one, a peep show performer epithet of sylvie) dressed like one of the guys from kraftwerk, and go about them in the ridiculous attire of a bavarian count replete with a cane, dreary glass, and a false beard (but in time for halloween! ). " do you have a rook? " sylvie asks dobie temptingly when helium flashes the bulging contents of his wallet outside a coffee shop class. " jah. with ze many turrets " is dobie ' s perplexing reply. the veridical " star " of the film (and i use that terminus super loosely) be katie wilbur wright, who plays the sculptress of the title. sarah is modern in townspeople, studying at the prestigious sf art institute under the mentorship of a " genius " frenchwoman, played by the beret - wearing patrick bauchau. that ' s convenient, because sarah would unmatchable clarence day like to go and work in paris (you won ' t conceive the film ' s final shooter, with its cheesy eiffel tower backdrop and " rosemary ' s baby " - elysian imagery ). bauchau ' s fibre criticize sarah ' s work publicly (her clay break observe turning into gargoyles - - perhaps she ' due south possessed. .. by an nightmare! !?) just helium still manages to talk her into dinner party. whereas wright does a decent english accent, her gift pretty much terminal there. on the other side of the wall, dobie ' s troubled past is compactly summarized in a scene in which he thumbs through an old scrapbook of newspaper clippings with heading similar " actor delivers a sensational macbeth, " actor courted by hollywood studio, " " actor renounces hollywood for priesthood, " and " fancy woman fingers priest in sex scandal. " the film ' s plot of land could hold been just as easily distill. " creative person moves in next threshold to shakespearean psychopath. " " yawns ensue. " so dobie rants and raves and sarah chip off at large blocks of granite boulder clay way past their bedtime. belatedly in the film, their paths ultimately cross with thinker - numbing results. cipher else in the apartment complex appears to mind all the racket, simply i old dear does go ballistic when sarah ' s bathtub outpouring. no, we don ' t see wright in the tubful (beaver state fahey for that matter ), and the gore quotient is virtually nil, thence for a repugnance flick " the sculptress " is surprisingly lacking. the only thing worth look at be san francisco, and writer / director ian merrick manages to make even it reckon dreary, windswept, and desert. " the sculptress " isn ' t still risky enough to be fun. luckily, a limited vent has made it easy to void. 