figure at: amc old pasadena 8, pasadena, calcium (in sdds ) paul verhoeven ' s last movie, showgirls, get a bad script, bad playacting, and a " plot " (atomic number 53 practice the word in it sluttish possible sense) that served only to allow oodles of sex and nakedness. it stink. starship troopers has a tough script, bad performing, and a " plot of land " that function only to let lots of violence and gore. information technology stinks. nonentity leave watch this movie for the game, but hither ' s a brief synopsis anyway. some friend straight extinct of gamy school sign up for the federal reserve (armed forces) at a clock time when evil bugs from the satellite klendathu are sending meteors towards dry land from the other side of meat of the galax urceolata. after one slips through the defences and destroys buenos aires (the plate city of the primary theatrical role ), warfare is declare. this involves sending the grunt, who let in johnny rico (van dien) and dizzy (meyer ), downwardly to the aerofoil of the bugs ' planet. much carnage ensues. the troops are withdrawn and send to another major planet to answer a distress cry. more butchery ensues. after being rescued, their plans are changed to capture a " brain bug " which is believed to exist ensure the aliens ' engagement architectural plan (face, one didn ' t write this, ok? ). yet more than carnage ensues. get the impression? interspersed throughout completely this be brief " ads " from the union network, which confront the impression of a neo - fascist state, much like in verhoeven ' s robocop. there are many problems with starship trooper. the plot, where one exists to motor the film onwards, follow silly. zellig harris (star of tv ' s doogie howser, md) is presented with a psychical ability to talk to his ferret former on in the movie, plain so we will accept his ability to mind - basket rummy with a " learning ability bug " later on. in gain, the beginning thirty minutes of the motion picture show (until the characters sign up for service) cart on like a high risk episode of beverly hills, 90210. the characters are one - dimensional, so a lot thusly, that when dizzy is defeat, she says information technology ' s ok because she got to log z's with rico. i had desire that verhoeven ' s consumption of a no - name cast would permit him to shoot down off several of the lead characters to storm the audience, but such an idea appears to bear escaped him. the talks is embarassing and isn ' t helped by the oftentimes terrible delivery (ane almost explode out laugh when harris deliver his speech about the pauperism to sacrifice a few hundred people for the good of the coinage ). finally, the bogus " ad " get a nuisance. although they suggest the propaganda of the wwii - era movietone scottish reel (as presumably they exist meant to ), their complete want of subtlety blunts their effect. some people will read all of that ' s irrelevant - - the picture show hinge on the conflict scenes. so what astir those battle scene? well, one hold the effects are undecomposed - - the bug move astir quite convincingly, especially when they have be deprived of a few of their limbs. and people have their brain blown out, their limb cut bump off, and their bodies rive in ii in quite impressive ways. but this is my job. the entertainment value of the film pillow almost only on information technology graphic portrayal of gore, and it continous attempt to gross us kayoed (starting early on when richards ' character vomits on - screen ). verhoeven appears to be trying to make a film employing the elements that made a robocop a success, merely fail stunningly. while robocop have a message about the importance of being human, and sacrifice the spoiled guy rope some motivation, starship trooper miss even these uncomplicated feature of speech. when the brain bug suck out a fictitious character ' s mental capacity near the end of the film, it ' s simply an doctrine of analogy for what the celluloid accept do to us. this film be full of graphic violence and is non suitable for children under 16. 