i get nothing against unabashedly romantic films. when done right, with at least slightly evident restraint, they tin be rent, sweeping, appeal. only it ' s a hell of a shame when someone botches it every bit badly as nora ephron botched sleepless in seattle, a hollow, drill romance that should appeal simply to the most gullible of tv audience; the single unforced to buy into ephron ' s whiny views of life and romance. tom tom hanks and meg ryan, ii of hollywood ' s well nigh sympathetic stars play sam baldwin and annie reed, repectively. baldwin ' s wife recently died and he moved to seattle with his son, jonah, seek to incur away from the familiar milieu which prompt him of his belated better half. jinx senses tension and visit a talk wireless show to tell the world astir their problems. sam seems ready to strangulate his son for calling the show, simply when he gets on the headphone he begins pouring his substance knocked out. ephron suffer him do this so that annie reed (meg ryan) can discover information technology. annie is a glad woman. she is engaged to walter, an allergy - prone working man and seem to live perfectly contented. but after hear sam the widower on the radio show, she becomes convinced that he is her destiny and is uncoerced to take a chance her engagement for it. quintuplet years after this movie hit theaters, hanks, ryan and ephron would team up once again in the far considerably, although still sub - par romantic funniness you ' ve got mail, which equal astir people who hate each former in real life falling in lovemaking on the net. at least that movie make a common sense of spontaneity. hither information technology seems that the first one hundred minutes exist solely to place upward for the terminal five. the fact that sam and annie will finally cope with is and then excruciatingly obvious that everything else is perfunctory. sleepless in seattle is full of wonderful performers; from its two leads to supporting stars comparable federal reserve note pullman and rosie group o ' donnell. merely none of them lavatory save the film from being a caliber. its characters are dull and hollow, its hand isn ' t funny oregon particularly charming. the script have a fundamental trouble: annie gives astir, for little reason, her biography with bruno walter to pursue " sleepless in seattle, " whom she has never even run across. information technology ' s the kind of animation conclusion that real people don ' t make, and it a major, unforgivable plausibility forfeiture. in essence, this movie ' s purpose follow to guide towards a destination that shouldn ' t still exist. information technology ' s a ten minute of arc short film with ninety - five second of filler. if you were to demonstrate me sleepless in seattle and i didn ' t have to refresh it, you could just scream me " asleep in city of brotherly love. " ? 1999 eugene novikov & # 137; 