synopsis: back - up quarterback moxxon becomes starting signal caller midway done his fourth year year of high school, yet though helium ' five hundred rather read " slaughterhouse five spot " than the playbook. evil football coach kilmer throws away moxxon ' s book, though, while the evil squad md injects painkillers into the histrion. in the meantime, moxxon ' s kid brother spring a fad, and a bubblegum - blond cheerleader smear whip cream on herself to make the new adept signal caller. comments: since i commonly review horror and science fabrication plastic film, one feel a little verboten of my league discussing this teen football game movie. ( pun designate. thank you! ) varsity blues constitute produced by mtv, and it really shows. various extended scenes allow for a continual soundtrack of second rate pop songs think of to appeal to the adolescent male person audience this crap was intended for. the teenagers all have reason for their melodramatic angst. the adults all take problems, of course, and, as unmatchable - dimensional characters, they are all fanatically obssessed with how their local in high spirits schooltime football team performs. yes, this movie represents high school life sentence in mtv - country. this is a land where your health teacher be also a part - prison term stemmer, your ice cream stock attendant girlfriend wears an egyptian ankh around her neck, your kid brother forms a " cute " cult, your football coach and four is an uncaring, obssessive madman, and your friends ' lives consist of nothing only getting laid and driving around in cop cars naked. all you, as the chief case, want to do, however, be read " slaughterhouse 5 " and attend browned university in the fall. advantageously, at least this be a little more realistic than mtv ' s " the real populace. " first team blues star james van der beek, this week ' s adolescent tv whizz making the saltation to the big screen. he act the hick moxxon adequately, though some of his worked up dialog will stimulate people chuckle. ( " you get across ' t own mah sprightliness! " who would need to? ) jon voight, the stock iniquity guy in countless other pic, be, surprisal, the stock evilness guy here. but exist he really evil, or equal helium a mathematical product of society? after all, everybody, young and old, in this movie have no life whatsoever and execute zip but obssess over high schooltime football. maybe the pressure level of the 90 screaming fans at the football field drove malevolent four in hand kilmer evil. the film ' siemens screenplay ne'er answers this burning dubiousness. at times, iliff ' s story does render glimmers of reach oregon humourous scenes, but, before the audience gets their hopes up that there might be something redeeming in this pic, they get trashed with another lengthy party episode or overwrought football game game. the flick ' s pacing is wearisome, and the plot go are mindnumbingly obvious from showtime to land up. i conjecture i ' m being a little hard on varsity blue. perchance atomic number 53 ' m just a piffling miffed that i get to give 3 bucks to see information technology, still though it was dollar bill night at the cinema. something about a asking from the studio apartment made the theater mission more than money. iodin found the cinema oftentimes ludicrous and boring. three cat in front of us smuggle beer into the the dramatics. i wished i induce thought of that. alcohol, lots of information technology, may have help the viewing experience. 