plunkett & macleane label the direct debut of jake scott, brother of ridley and tony. course, this got pine tree state worried. would jake ' s natural endowment constitute inherited from ridley or tony? if information technology was from ridley, than the movie would be a attentive suspensor with action throw in. if it was from tony, information technology would personify wham bang drivel. unfortunately, the latter is true for this worthless picture with short charm. carlyle and alton glenn miller are the nominal hijacker, plunkett (carlyle) who is poor and unruly, and chieftain james ii macleane (miller) a clean cutting gentleman. as the tagline clearly wants to pretend known, they rob the copious and zero else. the movie basically follows the rowdy grip ups the two stage, along with romanticist intermezzo with lady rebecca (tyler. ) hot on both their tails is mr chance (ken stott) world health organization wants to visualize them both bushed. plunkett & macleane be an annoying little film that serve little purpose. although undoubtedly glib and tight paced, there ' s very short merit contained in the moving picture show. carlyle and alton glenn miller live fun enough as the foul mouthed yoke, although their characters are criminally undeveloped. it appears that much of the money has personify spent on the expensive search exercise set and costumes, but non on the handwriting. the five (!) screenwriters (tercet credit) hold produced an still bear flick: in that respect ' s really little development in the story. also, major events, such as mr. cash finding out world health organization plunkett and macleane really constitute, be so rushed that they just happened. the story is a mo of a mess, candidly. the performances aren ' t unsound: thomas carlyle and miller be typical lads, simply liv john tyler is a huge dashing hopes as the dear interest. her irritable, hokey performance control stick out like a sore ovolo, and 1 was quite unsure on what accent she be try to put on. she looks nice, though. to a greater extent interesting is alan cummings as the campy divine rochester, and although his character amounts to zero more than a two dimensional comedy homo character, he ham it up it astir well. ken stott is suitably vicious as chance, merely once more atomic number 2 is nothing but a savourless character. i didn ' tonne particularly charge when the predictable death sequence arrived. although a disappointment in piece of writing, and a pocket size succeeder in acting, the film certainly look lavish, with good costumes, and terrific sets. merely production purpose alone rear ' t pull through a moving picture, especially a movie as bad as this wad. jake scott would be to a greater extent suited to directing a music video rather than this failed update of a period play: the lonesome update seems to be the fact that everyone must talk dirty, with ' f * ck this ' and ' stand and f * cking deliver ' plash all over the place. the mtv redaction and direction are flash plenty, but in the end definitely empty. plunkett & macleane is a monolithic disappointment. although somewhat gratifying during parts, information technology ' s so idle it could float off the screenland if information technology wasn ' t just images on a reel. on that point ' s no thought, no development, no plot, just a series of frenzied edits and quirky tv camera angles to name this plastic film appeal to gen - xers. although it ' s a slap up idea: update a point dramatic event to the mtv contemporaries: it ' s execution be dread, and would more likely drill hole than excite. sloppy and occasionally off puttingly tasteless, information technology ' s grueling to recommend plunkett & macleane as a flick, but easy to recommend information technology as a overlong music video recording. give information technology a miss. 