arnold schwarzenegger has personify an icon for activity enthusiasts, since the later 80 ' siemens, but lately his films have be very soggy and the one - liners comprise getting worse. it ' s hard seeing benedict arnold as mr. freeze in batman and robin, peculiarly when he enjoin tons of ice jokes, but hey he set about 15 million, what ' s it matter to him? in one case again arnold has signed to perform another expensive blockbuster, that bum ' t compare with the the like of the terminator series, true lies and even eraser. in this thus called dark thriller, the devil (gabriel byrne) has come upon earth, to impregnate a woman (robin tunney) which hap every 1000 years, and essentially destroy the man, but manifestly god has chosen one man, and that one humanity embody jericho cane (arnold himself ). with the help of a trustworthy brother (kevin pollock ), they bequeath kibosh at nothing to let the devil take over the world! parts of this live actually then laughable, that they would fit right in with dogma. yes, the film is that weak, merely information technology ' s better than the other smash hit right now (sleepy hollow ), merely it build the earth is non decent look similar a 4 star film. anyway, this definitely doesn ' t appear like an arnold movie. information technology just wasn ' t the eccentric of film you can see him doing. sure as shooting he give us a few chuckle with his well known one - line drive, just he seem confused as to where his reference and the film was give out. information technology ' s understandable, especially when the terminate had to be changed according to some source. apart form that, helium still walked done it, a good deal like atomic number 2 has in the retiring few films. ace ' m sorry to say this arnold but maybe these equal the close of your action sidereal day. speaking of activity, where was it in this film? there was barely any explosions or combat. the fiend made a few position explode, simply arnold wasn ' thyroxin kicking some devil butt. the terminate equal changed to make it more spiritual, which undoubtedly ruin the photographic film. i be at least hoping for a coolheaded end if nothing else occurred, merely once once more i be let down. i likewise don ' tonne know why the film took then farsighted and cost so a great deal. there represent really no super affects at all, unless you debate an invisible fiend, world health organization was in information technology for fivesome minutes tops, worth the overpriced budget. the budget should have gone into a better book, where at least audiences could be somewhat amused instead of face boredom. it ' s pitiful to insure how script like these make bought and make into a movie. coif they still read these things anymore? it certain doesn ' t seem like information technology. gratefully gabriel ' s performance give some light to this poor film. when he walks down the street search for robin tunney, you can ' t help but feel that helium await comparable a deuce. the guy is creepy crawly look anyway! when information technology ' s all over, you ' re just now glad it ' s the end of the movie. preceptor ' tetraiodothyronine bother to envision this, if you ' re expect a upstanding natural process flick, because it ' s neither substantial nor does it have activity. information technology ' s just now another flick that we are suckered in to seeing, imputable to a strategic merchandising campaign. salve your money and see the world is non enough for an entertaining experience. 