this constitute the utmost carry on motion picture show (if you discount ' carry on capital of ohio ' as a carry on movie) and was made by a raw production company. base in central london, this movie exist astir the try by emmanuelle prevert (suzanne danielle) to bed her husband emile the gallic ambassador (kenneth williams ). when he seems unwilling, she is given his license to bed anyone she likes, such as the prime minister and the atomic number 92. s. embassador. her put on get her into fuss and the british crush spread these rumours all over their front pages. she is invited to talk on television to set the record straight simply only substantiate the rumor instead. meanwhile, theodore valentine (larry dann) be in sexual love with emmannuelle after a hazard encounter in the toilet of the concorde and is influence to marry her. even so, she is only concerned in restoring her hubby ' s ardour which appear a slight unmanageable after emile ' s accident with a church spire! this film is the second tough carry on movie, the risky being ' carry on england '. it is embarassing to see some of the remaining regulars clamber done this diabolic hand by spear peters and try to pull away some of the fossil oil and tasteless jokes that he have written. fledgeling suzanne danielle and beryl reid (as mr. valentine) are gently funny, but larry dann as theodore is excruciatingly regretful. kenneth thomas lanier williams only appears in a few scenes and his lacklustre operation be guarantee, given the book. the modest parts for jack stephen a. douglas as lyons the butler, joan sims as mister. dangle, kenneth connor as leyland the chauffeur, and peter butterworth as capital of virginia, exist worthless and embarassing. in fact, all four parts equal surplus to requirements. however, the alone humourous scene in the film is when the four of them and emmannuelle talk astir their most amourous escapades. an terrible playscript, a terrible collection of jokes, very poor production value (especially the scene where emmannuelle bring her wearing apparel off at st. james palace ), a ludicrous and cringeworthy musical score, and a non - existent game or storyline. it just a succession of awful stage set piece about who emmannuelle volition bed next! old salt douglas is not so annoying merely is more boring, joan sims and simon peter butterworth cost wasted, and kenneth connor and kenneth williams put in some poor performance as leyland and emile. a complete waste of metre, this movie be trying to catch upwards with the raw sexually permissive seventies. information technology was a certificate 15 photographic film just by 1978, there was little sake in this variety of film and it flopped at the loge office and be only pass its premiere on uk terrestrial television in april 1998! avoid at all cost! 