from fall till dawn (director / editor: robert rodriguez; screenwriter: quentin tarantino / henry martyn robert kurtzman (story ); cinematographer: guillermo navarro; cast: quentin tarantino (richie gecko ), george clooney (seth gecko ), juliette lewis (kate buckminster fuller ), harvey keitel (jacob fuller ), ernest liu (scott fuller ), salma hayek (santanico pandemonium ), tom savini (sex machine ), fred williamson (frost ), cheech marin (border safety / chet pussy / carlos ), michael parks (texas ranger ), brenda hillhouse (hostage gloria ); runtime: 108; attribute films; 1996 ) reviewed by dennis schwartz it ' s a love it surgery hate information technology film. i simply hated information technology. on information technology menu for fun, is a violent fete served up as charm and done in a tongue - and - cheek personal manner. information technology ' s a in series killer / horror film farce of nonstop over - the - top action and sleaze, involving decapitations, vampires, biker fights, extended accelerator shimmer, and an array of panel that have to be see to be believe. a film that treat in its vulgarity and campiness for parentage - and - gore, as information technology break down out of its way to gloss over the clich? s of the established bacillus - films. it ' s geared solely for the cult film crowd, and will make information technology mark at that place unitary way or the former. the plot of ground ask two psychopath brothers, the older professional bank robber and killer seth gecko (clooney) and the perverted psychopath grampus, richie (tarantino ), world health organization kills for pleasance and personify also a rapist. they fly the coop jail and operate on a killing spree in wichita and and then fly to a liquor fund in a modest texas border town. they have just robbed a savings bank and killed a number of cops, they bear likewise assume a middle - age bank teller as a hostage. in the hard drink computer storage they pour down a tx commando and the store clerk, and burn down the store. check off in a flop - house motel, richie rapes and slaughters the hostage. these scene be all done with an optic for comedy and parody, if that ' s possible. on the telly news, it say they have killed 16 so far and most are texas rangers. the brothers design to get to mexico and meet taurus (cheech ), who will give them a spot of asylum for thirty percent of their illegal take. with road blocks and car searches at the edge, the comrade highjack a motor home of a vacationing family who stopped at their motel so that the father could slumber in a real seam. there is the father, jacob richard buckminster fuller (keitel ), who just resigned as a minister because atomic number 2 lose faith of all time since his wife died in a car accident; his sexy 20 - year - old, devoid daughter, kate (lewis ); and, her shy comrade scott (liu ). it ' s not explained how atomic number 2 materialise to be chinese. the story genuinely becomes outre when they get across the delimitation and get ready to gather hector hevodidbon in a bar / whorehouse for truckers and bikers anticipate the titty twister. the place is open from dawn to dusk, thus the film ' due south title of respect. hither ' s where rodriguez has a chance to shake off conventionalism out the window and have some ridiculous fun, as the position turn come out of the closet to comprise a vampire hangout. information technology sells sex to its patrons, and experience exotic stripper santanico chaos (friedrich august von hayek) do her alluring strip before turning into a vampire. the brother and their hostage have to campaign their way out of the place, as the lamia keep coming and the killings get the film ' s staple. this supposedly clever script did nothing but turn me off, though there were a few queer moments in a film that be dripping with exceptional effects and expend most of its script in encounter novel way to showcase its killings. i ' ll take a passing game on this unrivalled, information technology ' s only non my elan of a film. the characters be as vacuous as the level, and the film was an well fixed one to blank out. 