the universal ' s girl be a heartless, ludicrous picture show, a movie so hopelessly consecrate to its inane plot that it forgets completely about its own characters. director neil simon west treats issues comparable rapine and sexual voodoo with ham - handed obscenity, create a celluloid that banks almost entirely on exploitation and offensive pseudo - profundity. what ' s worse is that the movie is haphazardly glued together by two characters world health organization are neither interesting nor sympathetic - - the ludicrous report requires them to do unbelievable things in the pastime of attain a dreary last in a sudden rain storm. john travolta finds himself in the center of the mess, playing warrant officer paul brenner; brenner be assigned to find the murderer and violation of headwaiter elizabeth campbell (leslie stefanson ), daughter of oecumenical joe campbell (king james i cromwell ). brenner is team up with ex - spouse sarah sunderland (madeline stowe ), and they check out all the defendant on the base, including elizabeth ' s wise man, colonel moore (saint james the apostle wood ). before long, it become unmistakable that elizabeth was into kinky sexual poppycock, but the question comes downwards to why - - and, of course, world health organization. ebert ' s jurisprudence of the economic system of characters can comprise applied here; unitary interesting thing i noted is that not only be all the characters suspects at some point (including the two protagonists ), but almost all of them cease up directly intertwined with the write up. perhaps i should take issued a coddler alert before name that, just it ' s painfully obvious from the beginning that everyone in the film is hiding something. on a storey level, the general ' southward daughter comprise ineptly constructed. the celluloid, adapted by st. christopher bertolini and william goldman from nelson demille ' atomic number 16 novel (which cost apparently based on a dead on target story ), plodding along to information technology conclusion, satisfy in the blanks with stale, unrealistic dialogue and " shocking " plot developments. have not read the novel, it ' s difficult to determine if these problem are the fault of the adapter oregon the original source, but i presuppose they all make up guilty to some degree. tantrum after scene stumbles with pointless insincerity; minutes after finding the deadened young woman, brenner and sunderland engage in sarcastic negotiation, which includes endless string section of strained stock. ( sunderland actually asks brenner, " why was she kill? " to which i would accept answered, " if i knew, then the picture show would already be over. " ) only after we ' ve spent twenty dollar bill minutes operating theater so with these characters do we learn that they have a flyblown chronicle together; this angle, though patently present to educate their part, is never explore. not that it really matters, since the characters consistently coiffe ludicrous things for no other understanding than to drive the game. in one setting, sunderland be attack by a man in a mask. she sees ane of his rings, and she and brenner find the man later on that day establish on the closed chain. instead of questioning him like as they would a actual suspect, they take him to brenner ' s houseboat, beat him up, and pelt hot coffee in his lap. this scenery really tug pine tree state over the edge, not because it ' s free and hateful - spirited, just because it illustrate the film ' s complete disregard for the characters and the interview. it was impossible for me to feel anything for these multitude beyond this scene, more often than not because nothing they manage comes as a surprise. 1 realized that these constructs on screen aren ' t actually characters, just device pose only to serve the story. this would have cost speculative enough without the western united states ' s need to hose his flick down in tasteless images of rape and sexual misconduct. compelling film about intimate criminal offence don ' t pass a luck of time on rape flashbacks, and they certainly don ' t appearance as much skin and sweat as a typical adult picture. these scene are not the least bit knock down; on the contrary, they ' rhenium intended just to provide the audience with the necessary resentment for the scoundrel, whomever that may release tabu to be. in plus, the moving picture show treats sexual fetish - - and sadomasochism in particular - - as if it ' s a perversion of everything we live to live pure. this standpoint is certainly admit, only solely in accompaniment with advantageously - developed themes to back it up. as it is, the picture show block that a lot of people own sexual fetish, and that putting on a pair of handcuffs get along non make a someone insane. perhaps the sole positive elements in the general ' s girl equal a couple of the public presentation. james forest has a few terrific scene, and plays his office with crisp, witty subtlety. atomic number 53 also liked james river cromwell, by and large because he fall across as slightly sympathetic despite the obvious intent of w to hold him villainous. nonetheless, these public presentation make up undermined exclusively by the blue, obligatory atmosphere and the senseless neglect of characterization. the general ' s daughter is the worst variety of hollywood film - - it pretends to have a soul, to be of strict moral codification, when in fact it has nothing more than than a group of cardboard cut - outs force - feeding the audience a toxic landfill of game contrivances and unrivalled - sided moral judgments. 