stars: armand assante (mike hammer ), barbara carrera (dr. queen city bennett ), laurene landon (velda ), alan king (jacques alexandre cesar charles kalecki ), geoffrey lewis (joe butler ), paul sorvino (detective pat chamber ), judson robert falcon scott (charles hendricks ), barry snider (romero ), julia barr (norma childs) / mpaa rating: r / review article: in the 1982 updating of mickey spillane ' s 1947 novel " i, the jury, " hard - boiled detective mike hammer is a vietnam veterinary surgeon world health organization drives a shiny bronze trans am, dresses like don lyndon johnson in " miami vice " with less pastel, and make sworn away alcohol. however, he nonetheless smokes his golden strikes, detests all forms of authority, and putting to death at a whim. beyond that, the updated film retains piffling surgery no resemblance to the original pulpy page - turner by mickey spillane, probably the virtually notorious and often rail of all mystery writers. the movie pop off with a bang: a howler of an opening credit rating sequence that be a tacky steal from the james alliance series, complete with cheesy art and an overbearing jazz grievance by bill conti (" rocky " ). after that, the movie and the word begin the same, with the slaying of jack theodore samuel williams (frederick john l. h. down ), a one - armed detective and power hammer ' s best friend. pounding declare that he will search vengeance for jack ' s death, and with the aid of his devoted secretary, the blond and shapely velda (laurene landon ), and the alternately well disposed / antipathetic law chief pat bedchamber (paul sorvino ), he is immediately on the killer ' s trail. here the movie splits altogether from the volume, and dives into a convoluted and improbable narration of government conspiracy and bear in mind control condition maneuver involving the mafia, the cia, one of hammer ' s vietnam vet buddies, and a frizzly sexual activity clinic. many of the same case from the volume appear in the movie, simply they take on slenderly different role. for instance, carolus kalecki (alan martin luther king jr. ), a number caranx crysos and narcotic dealer in the book, turns into a bland mob boss. and, more significantly, hammer ' s shady love interest, queen city bennett (barbara carrera ), morphs from a run - of - the - mill psychiatrist into the coordinator and founder of the sex clinic. " i, the panel " is one of several cinematic renditions of mickey spillane ' s books (including a 1953 edition which was made in 3 - d ), but this film differs from those former versions in one major way: it includes all of the sex and violence spillane wrote about that could ne'er equal give screen treatment imputable to hollywood ' s production code. although this takes the 1982 version of " i, the panel " closer to the core of the original subject issue, it is in this aspect that the film received the most criticism, because it took this new license to extremes that many argue surpassed what was in the book. rest check, the movie not only include a swell deal of nudity, but information technology be thoroughly violent, especially toward women. it features one woman having her neck slashed, a set of gemini forced to strip before being stabbed to death by a psychotic intimate deviant programmed by the central intelligence agency (judson scott ), and another woman stab breaker point - blank in the belly by hammer himself. no 1 would deny that spillane ' sec writing has a definite misogynous nature, but the movie seems to take it a step further by giving it such glorious screen treatment; information technology constant equation of sex and ferocity, a good deal of which be play with the intention of being erotic, constitute quite unsettling. it ' s no surprisal that the movie, like the book, fade to black with a dead adult female on the base. " i, the jury " had a troubled production and was not well - patronage by the studio that clear it, which be one account why information technology didn ' thymine do well in theaters and many multitude have forgotten that it represent ever made. the script was written by larry cohen, world health organization is best known for his creatively cheesy just all the same in force monster moving picture show, like " it ' s alive " (1974) and its 2 continuation, " q " (1981 ), and " the stuff " (1985 ). cohen wrote the script thinking he was going to helm the task as considerably, but he was yanked from the theater director ' s chairwoman after only a workweek ' s worth of shooting because helium was already $ 100, 000 over budget. he be promptly replace by richard t. heffron, who has worked for the lowest trey decennary on a handful of undistinguished moving picture show and dozens of television projects. heffron was obviously bring in not for his gift, just because he could make the movie rapidly and expeditiously. it shows in the net product. cohen had personal involvement in the updated interlingual rendition of pound, but heffron has none. atomic number 2 shoot the flick quickly and clumsily, and although some aspect resound true, most of them are flat, hackneyed, and invariably dull. the movie features numerous car chases, shoot - outs, and stunts, but heffron ' s screen background in television system equal the dominant tone; despite the graphic violence and total - frontal nudeness, " i, the jury, " takes on the air of a made - for - tv quickie, with no real punch oregon depth. but the problems in " atomic number 53, the panel " run deeper than the technical. the central geological fault in this updating is mike hammer, whose persona was lose in the shuffle while updating from the fifties to the eighties. because spillane wrote all his hammer mystery in the maiden person, hammer ' s character is key to the taradiddle because all the effect are filtered through his persona. we ne'er in truth grow that belief in the moving picture - - there is no first - person voice - over yarn and some scenes wear ' t have hammer in them at all. consequently, a bang up deal of the texture of spillane ' s storytelling constitute lose. the period updating turn forbidden to live a detrimentally bad idea because much of hammer ' s moral code is throw off to the idle words. despite his enactment as a hard - nosed, vehement, misogynistic grampus, hammer constantly stick fervidly to his own moral code. the title of respect itself, " i, the panel, " refers to his anti - establishment opinion of being his ain law. different secret heart who assay out the bad guys and so turn them over the police, hammer both pursue the criminal and demand the penalty. in this way, he can be seen as " above the jurisprudence, " just he even adheres strictly to her own personal computer code of demeanour, his own morals. the movie foreswear that aspect of his character, and malleus come off not exclusively as amoral in society ' s term, but in any terms, especially his ain. if anything, hammer always hold his professionalism, simply the movie does away with that in the first trey minutes by showing him rolling in the carrier bag with the wife of a client world health organization had paid him to find out if that wife exist being faithless. maybe the scene be intend for laughs, but information technology only when cheapens hammer ' s fictitious character and be, by all accounts, a lousy way to start the movie. the blame for malleus ' s case crapper ' t be set on assante ' s shoulders, because despite some unnecessary marlon brandon - similar mumbling, atomic number 2 delivers a fine carrying into action. spillane never once described hammer ' s forcible property in any of the dozen books in which atomic number 2 come out, so any actor could conceivably depict him. of course, because of the lack of written verbal description, those who have read spillane ' s books bequeath have a strong personal whimsey of what hammer looks like, and therefore almost any screen incarnation will somehow fall short of expectations (spillane, who fiddle the character himself in 1963 ' s " the girl hunters, " is generally considered the good of the motion picture show hammers ). the residuum of actors be about un - noteworthy. with the exceptions of alan king and st. paul sorvino, everyone who appeared in " i, the panel " were upwardly - and - arriver who essentially went nowhere. many of them ended upwards working in television (like carrera, world health organization suffer a short least sandpiper on " dallas " in the mid - eighties ), which only adds to the made - for - telecasting atmosphere of the film. possibly someday, someone will wield to receive the good elements together and reach an effective film rendition of a spillane leger, but this is certainly not it. 