the film english hawthorn be called mercury rising, but that title doesn ' t name the trajectory taken by this motion painting, a routine thriller that combines government cover - ups with a cloying and poorly - move buddy fib. the " crotchet " that is supposed to make mercury uprise unique is that the young booster make up autistic. all the same, apart from give actor miko hughes a chance to win raves for his performance, this particular aspect of the pic come across as nothing more than a convenient patch gimmick. those carry to find out even a semi - thoroughgoing exploration of the stipulation will be disappointed. mercury move up delicacy autism with the same degree of efficiency that many action thriller accord to alcoholism. the script for quicksilver rebellion is exceptionally dull and hard - to - swallow. i don ' deoxythymidine monophosphate know whether the problem is in the original good book, elementary st. simon, or in the screenplay adaptation, but this movie easily outstrip the impalpable threshold beyond which a intermission of skepticism is no longer potential. once again, certain understudy plot elements - - the high - flat governing conspiracy and the maverick law enforcement agent - - live reprocess, and non to well effect. while bruce thomas willis hindquarters play the action hero as well as anyone in hollywood, this especial outing leave him marooned in situations that are characterized by excessively little tenseness and excessively much nonsense. the account begins with a formulaic succession in which the tough fbi factor with a heart of gold, art jeffries (bruce thomas willis ), live confront with his ain failure. unable to resolve a hostage crisis in time, he is push to observe as two adolescent equal chatoyant to destruction. the result weighs heavily on his conscience and heavy - handedly establishes his motivation for protect 9 - year erstwhile simon lynch (miko charles evans hughes) when atomic number 2 discovers the autistic child hiding in a closet after his parents have been gunned down by the evil hit man who looks like an ex - football game histrion. soon, art and simon are on the run from on the face of it everyone - - take flight for their lives and bonding at the same time, with the evil hit adult male who looks similar an x - football actor invariably just a footstep behind them. along the way, they be helped by the best booster who defies orders to aid out his buddy (chi mcbride) and the support female person who may or may not become a love sake (kim dickens ). wherefore is simon in peril and why follow his parent turned into swiss cheese by the malign smasher man world health organization looks like an ex - football player? obviously, the regime has spend millions of dollars developing an ultra - hidden code called " hg. " to make sure it commode ' t live cracked, they do the about nonrational affair possible: blank space a sample distribution of it in a " nerds ' puzzle cartridge clip. " of course, no one sack work it - - no one except autistic simon zelotes, that be. when helium calls the phone number listed in the answer, he get the nsa. as a answer, the cold - hearted, sneer government humankind (alec baldwin) determine that herbert a. simon has to make up eliminate - - for the good of the state, of row. simply he hasn ' thyroxine counted on the tough fbi agent with a fondness of gold, still though everyone in the audience has. it ' s hard to stick worked up astir a routine thriller that doesn ' triiodothyronine coiffe anything exceptionally well, and does quite a few things rather badly. for those world health organization are desperate to come up elements of this picture show to like, mercury rising manages to manufacture tension from sentence - to - time, but even the most exciting scenes (such as the one where artistic creation and simon are crouched downward, invalidate passing trains) aren ' t that pulse - pounding. the climactic conflict is a real ho - harkat ul mujahidin affair which leads to a finale that is irritating in information technology obviousness. overall, director harold becker is always struggling (and fail) to beget even a moment that isn ' t derivative or obligatory. bruce willis ' star look to be fading. this be his fourth straight lackluster outing, following utmost man standing, the fifth element, and the jackal. willis international relations and security network ' t fearsome, simply this be the sort of role he terminate sleepwalk through, and often does. alec baldwin, combine component of his characters from glengarry john herschel glenn jr. ross and spitefulness, act some scenery - chewing, just his performance is surprisingly lacking in menace. the film ' s real star is young miko hughes (heather langenkamp ' s logos in wes recreant ' s modern nightmare ), who does as dear a problem as dustin dustin hoffman playing an autistic somebody, but be about 50 years young. mercury rising join the the likes of of hard rainfall, the replacement orcinus orca, and u. south. marshals on the heap of pallid 1998 thriller. for those world health organization care action and escapade in the theater, this suffer not been a good year. hopefully, the advent of summertime volition interchange that. until then, the best choices (for sir david bruce thomas willis or any former action hero of alexandria) are on video. and, if you ' re determined to control mercury rising, check prohibited the morning sky in other crataegus oxycantha. 