ripe with explosion, mass death and really weird coiffure, tsui hark ' s " treble team " moldiness personify the result of a tipsy hollywood power lunch that decided jean - claude avant garde damme needs another notch on his forged movie - bedpost and nba superstar dennis rodman should have an acting career. in reality, in " twofold team, " neither ' s performance cost all that bad. i ' ve ever been the one critic to defend vanguard damme - - he possesses a high charisma level that some musical genre virtuoso (namely steven seagal) never aim for; it ' s just that atomic number 2 ' s never made a pic so exuberantly witty since 1994 ' s " timecop. " and rodman. .. well, atomic number 2 ' s pretty much rodman. he ' s passing colorful, and therefore he middling much fit his role to a t, even if the role live that of an antique - central intelligence agency weapons expert. it ' s the story that need some major body of work. van damme plays counter - terrorist operative jack quinn, who teams up with arms bargainer yaz (rodman) to itch out deadly gangster stavros (mickey rourke, all beefy and weird - look) in an antwerp amusement park. the job is botched when stavros ' son gets killed in the gunfire, and quinn is taken off to an island known as " the colony " - - a think tank for soldiers " too valuable to kill " but " too dangerous to fix free. " quinn escape and tries to make it back home to his pregnant married woman (natacha lindinger ), merely stavros is ko'd for revenge and kidnaps her. thusly, what ' s a kickboxing mercenary to arrange? quinn looks astir yaz and the two travel to rome so they can rescue the woman, kill stavros, salvage the populace and dress any else the screenplay requires them to do. with crazy, oftentimes eye - pop camera employment by cock pau and rodman ' s low cal brite locks, " double squad " should be a mildly enjoyable guilty pleasure. but too much tries to pass in each frame, and the resultant role is a movie that leaves you exhausted rather than exhilarate. the legion legal action view are tatty and headache - inducing and the frantic pacing never slows downwards enough for us to wish astir what ' s run low on in the movie. and much of what ' sec going on is just wacky. there ' s a whole section devoted to net - surf monks that i get yet to figure out. and the climax happen quinn going head - to - head with a tiger in the roman coliseum while yaz circles them on a motorcycle, trying to avoid range terminated land mines and hold on to quinn ' s child boy (who ' s in a bomb equipped basket) - - all this while stavros watches shirtless from the bleacher. do i mention " double team " make up foreign? when it all get down, this is just another rarely entertaining formula killathon, albeit one that feels no need to cosset in gratuitous profanity. rodman juices thing up with his blatantly vibrant screenland persona, though, leading improving to a stunt where he kicks an opponent between the legs. but we didn ' liothyronine call for " twofold team " to tell us atomic number 2 could do that, did we? 