blatantly adopt elements from 1993 ' s " like water for chocolate " and 1991 ' s " the fumbler ' s wife, " " just irresistible " attempts to comprise a whimsical romantic comedy but, more often than not, comes off as laughable, leaving you to wonder why rising star sarah michelle gellar (metric ton. quint. ' s " buffy, the vampire slayer ") would choose such an obviously inept film project to waste her prison term on. thing get off to a bad starting signal right from the onset as amanda (sarah michelle gellar ), a young woman who runs her late kinsfolk ' s skin new house of york restaurant, run into a mystery gentleman who forces a bushel of crabs on her and then vansihes into thin air. while out shopping, she besides match tom (sean patrick flanery ), a charming, handsome man, who happens to be planning a ritzy restaurant for the department computer storage he works for, and later on when he decides to dribble by her dive, called southern hybridisation, for lunch, she somehow makes a delicious crab bag for him, yet though she is known to not be a very good chef. suddenly, amanda incur her restaurant, on the border of foreclosure, rejuvenate to life sentence as customer begin to swarm for her food, which strangely causes everyone straightaway jubilation when it hit their mouths. are amanda and tom destined to cost together? and is information technology not only because of the witching food, but because they really, truly same each early? and what exactly is going on with the food she is making? make it have anything to do with that pesky crab she get that sits on the shelf in the kitchen somehow assisting her in her food formulation? " simply resistless " be a preposterous and just plain goofy romantic fantasy that ' s every bit flimsy as a slice of bologna sausage. it takes one joke - - - that people who rust the food be take aback by it in most strange ways - - - and recycles it complete and all over again until the film has reach an appropriate running meter of 95 minutes. add in a medicine montage every ten minutes (these are in reality the best scenery in the movie, which certainly tells you something about the film itself ), and what you ' ve sire represent an utterly empty, if not necessarily boring, excursion. the casting of " but resistless " is fairly good, but it be the tolerate characters who be the most interesting. patricia clarkson (1998 ' s " high art, " in which she played a dose - tabu lesbian) is a standout as turkey cock ' s workfellow, and be thankfully given a few funny line of reasoning of negotiation. also of note is larry gilliard junior. , as amanda ' s cooking help and chum, world health organization is allowed to make a apparently replete character reference out of only a handful of scenes. of the main stars, sarah michelle gellar is hunky dory, but really dress often look like she ' s struggling through the unmistakably clumsy material, and if sean saint patrick flanery programme on keeping a film life history in the future, he has sure enough got to pick better projects than this. the bottom ancestry is that " merely resistless " is the accurate opposite of its deprophesized title, and when the moving picture show got to the point where the characters began to float in mid - air (an unamusing plot of land device that was repeated in the stupid last scene ), my mind mark off out from the characters and the love affair. when i think about it in hindsight, i should have check out in the very inaugural picture, where the point of the legal action was for gellar to cower under tables looking for a runaway mechanical crab louse. now, that for sure is what i ' d call option magical! 