retrieve tom cruise and brian brown as rival bartender juggling bottles of liquor in " cocktail "? remember how stupid that looked? and remember the scantily - clad dancers of " flashdance " getting souse with bucketful of water? well, " coyote ugly " does those films five better (surgery six good if you calculate john goodman ), since hither we have piper perado, maria bello, tyra bank, melanie lynskey, and izabella miko doing the absolut spinning and jiggling thing while pouring pitcher of perrier all over their semi - naked torsos. no, goodman doesn ' t flip jim beam operating room wear anything particularly risqu? in the film but he * does * get up on the bar and start gyrating with the rest of them. and the primal character ' s love sake, played by an australian worker named adam garcia, proves * atomic number 2 * bottom get up on that bar and start shimmying on with the rest of them too. what seems to ingest originate life as a victoria ' s secret photo shoot quickly devolve into 1 heck of an embarrassing movie. violet (perado) is a south amboy hopeful world health organization tries to make information technology big as a songster (not a welder) in fresh jack city. as na? ve as they derive, she ' s pull a fast one on off by euphony producer ' s receptionists by the scorn - peul and have her apartment robbed hours after touch polish in chinatown. and, similar her mother before her, she gets stage fright whenever she tries to dress the open mike night affair. when she see a terzetto of babe - a - licious barkeeper thumbing done a stack of $ twenty in an all - night buffet car, violet plainly have to check out this bar they call in coyote ugly. lil (bello ), the no - trumpery proprietor, agrees to give violet an hearing just reddish blue blows information technology. still, lil gives reddish blue another fortune. a riot breaks come out of the closet (riots are the order of the 24 hour interval at ' ugly ' s, since the staff be relentless in flaunting their sexual wares, flambeeing the bar, and soaking the patrons with diet sprite - - this is certifiable behavior in case i didn ' t mention information technology) but violet successfully quash the crowd by sing along to blondie ' s " one way or another " on the nickelodeon. she ' s hired! and cured, since this little episode gives her the confidence to sing in an amateur gift contest where her dad (king of swing ), the junk food - feeding, laundry - impaired toll gatherer, comes to run into her and constitute every bit gallant as punch. the death. 