1 think of i know what you did lowest summertime as the movie that scream and scream 2 could have been. mind you, though, i mean this in the bad potential way. i have it away what you did last summer is a distinctive slasher flic without the smartness of the scream ' s. as a result, it ' s even worse than some of your better campy horror moving picture show (see nightmare on elm street) because it thinks information technology ' s astir thirty times smarter than information technology is. based on a teenage book of the same name and, disappointingly, conform by scream scribe kevin williamson, i know what you suffice last summertime begins with appropriately angsty modern john rock music meld with some startling cinematography of a cliff along the ocean and an angsty sort sitting at the top. the appropriate mood represent correct (this is angst - horror for the xc ' s ), we rationalise over to the july 4th parade in a small north carolina ithiel town. from there, we see the blond, female admirer, helen shivers (woodenly played by sarah michelle geller ), getting crowned croaker queen as the blond male " hero, " barry cox (woodenly played by ryan phillipe ), and matched brunette pair of admirer, julie james and ray bronson (ungraciously played by party of five ' s jennifer love hewitt and freddie prinze jr. , respectively) cheer her on. after become drunk at a party, going to a beach to wittily discuss urban caption and indulge in some foreshadowing, and having some meaningful sex (if you believe what the characters say ), the quaternion head for the hills downward some guy rope crossing the windy cliff road at nox. his face is murder so they can ' t william tell who it is, and they come to the decision to floor him in the ocean then equally to not ruin any of their future chances for success in the humanity. gash to one year later. the lives of our protagonists have gone from devil to regretful. chief brunette female, the bright one of the bunch, has be harass with guilt feelings and near go out of college. blond female person has forfeited her dreams of star on guiding light, and at present works at the phratry store in township. brunette male be a fisherman, live on off the estate. blond male person has become a complete jerk and quarterback on some college football squad. then, predictably, their past tense comes rearward to haunt them. it all begins with an irrational murder, follow by some taunting of protagonists by the mysterious killer, bad acting by a good actress (anne heche ), an improbable plot, bad acting by the main defective actors, some more killing, concluding in a climactic prospect, mostly climactic in the easement at the conclusion of the movie. all the while, the actors and actresses spirt cancelled bad line, and main brunet male does his best keanu reeves caricature. non that the movie was without pleasure. count the disordered plot twists and bad lines for some sport. mostly, though, note the costume of main females and how trendily unattractive they make the otherwise eye - catching pair look. 