warner brothers have rack up another marketing coup. the one - two lick constitute start in the summer, with the press release of batman forever. trailers for ace ventura 2 embody bundle with the bat, ensuring that every jim carrey fan in the free world would know astir the imminent subsequence. carrey went on to win raves as the riddler and the ever - wise warner chose halloween as the release particular date for the television ($ 11. 99 at wal - mart ); a mere ii weeks before carrey ' s return in this marketwise, merely misfired drollery. allied command europe ventura: when nature call is a painful admonisher of just how grating the synthetic rubber - faced comic can comprise when earmark to perform within an uncontrolled surround. he crataegus oxycantha have been brilliant under the way of joel schumacher, in batman forever, but, hither, leave to his own devices, carrey promptly bear out his welcome. the opening chronological succession is by far the good - - an mirthful takeoff of cliffhanger, with ace perform a passel rescue of a marooned raccoon. ( you can imagine what happens to mr. paw. hint: information technology go like splat. ) the game quickly shifts to a tabernacle in the himalayas, and so to not - therefore - darkest africa, where ace be on the case of a missing white bat. with his hair and limbs both wildly askew, carrey flies done his routine in astir thirty minutes. the rest of the film is just more than of the like. sure, the plot ' mho linear, and the production note value substantial, but where embody the written humor to support carrey ' s slapdash slathering? writer and director steve oderkerk provide precious few jell - ups. rather, carrey just mugs away, play for the television camera even when most of it isn ' t funny. the better gags have been render in the ads, though a bit with ace emerging horse - naked from the can of a mechanical rhino is something to visualize. though an arguable advance over the original, ace ventura: when nature call personify still a forty winks for anyone all over the eld of ten. the script live virtually devoid of wit. tribal mask jokes? krauthead lewis cameos? forget information technology. if anything, the inexplicable presence of simon callow (iv weddings and a funeral) and bob gunton (the shawshank redemption) propose that work with carrey is the classic actor ' s ultimate challenge. just how long * bum * they observe a straight face? 