a film that means substantially, just is too pushy in promoting its belabor point and excessively drippy to be compelling as a drama. it ' s jeroen krabb? ' s melodrama about a community of hebrew in antwerp in 1972 who can ' t blank out their bitter yesteryear. the heroine is an attractive, carefree, nonreligious 20 - year - old, chaja (fraser ), world health organization want to forget her jewish roots by getting involved in bookman demonstrations, know a student rebel leader, and hold out with her gentile friends away from her nagging mother (s? gebrecht) and her self - absorbed, off the wall father (schell ). her parents are survivors of the holocaust concentration camp, and her menage life be filled with angst. her mother is in denial astir the past always busying herself by cooking soup and baking cakes and complaining about everything, while her founding father be more openly loving but has lately be absorbed in look for for ii suitcases filled with mementos, a family album, silverware, and his old violin. he buried them in a garden during the war while fleeing the nazi, merely can ' t place them now due to completely the changes in the urban center. out of frustration after quitting her caper as a dishwasher and facing eviction from her apartment, she reluctantly accepts a job as a nanny goat with an hassidic couple that an quondam human beings in her parents ' apartment building, mister. apfelschnitt (topol ), tells her about. the hasidics are radical - orthodox: they wear ' t go to the picture palace or watch tv, adhere to strict dress computer code, and strictly keep an eye on their religious laws. chaja be at first put off by the way they bear her to follow their rules, simply soon finds the wife, mrs. kalman (rossellini ), to be kind and she becomes attached to one of her 5 children, a 4 - year - old named simcha (monty) who doesn ' t talk. the stern mr.. kalman (krabb?) is not friendly to her and consider her to make up a whore because of the path she dresses. to forge home the point of how anti - semitism hasn ' t gone away there ' s a barrage of overdone and uninvolving scene with a sneer concierge (tom bradley ), who keeps making nasty remarks astir jews and tries to make things inconvenient for them by preventing the judaic family from using the elevator. the flick is act in by its ham - fisted script as the history, adjust from carl friedman ' s record book " the power shovel and the loom, " goes from 1 false note of hand to another until it contract lost in all the goo of its sentimentality. it starts off telling chaja ' s story of how she ' s a baffled jewess trying to find oneself her personal identity, then to her nanny role as she loves a mute child stuck in an insulated environment, and then information technology makes it a story about the lingering effects of the bitter past times that can ' t be forgotten. the effort seemed cloggy - handed, as the film keep delivering besides many obvious subject matter that it ponderously kept deliver through the stock characters. the supporting stamp consists of all wooden characters who give their role a cartoonish flavoring: chauna torquata ' s parents are give no human shades, while the janitor scoundrel was a particularly plaguy theatrical role that was one - dimensional and incorrectly acted. the lone ones who fought through the script and showed some feelings were fraser, whose effervescent face be expressive of both the trying times she was going through and the joys she felt - - but most admirably bear witness how she could be so mistaken as to think that she could forget her roots; while rossellini give way a warm performance of a womanhood suffering in silence, but is strong in accepting her faith. topol ' s assure performance as the wise man who say all the ripe things to fraser, acts as the unfeigned vocalism of the movie maker in explaining all the sufferings with common common sense. the film brazenly uses little simcha to get across its agenda of pointing out how the patriarchal world can be cruel when information technology can ' t love: it starts out by showing how under chaja ' s loving care he ' s taken to the duck pond and soon starts jabbering away, start by pronounce ' quack, quack ' and then going on to ask the four questions during a passover seder. merely by showing how the boy be so panicked of his strict father that he wets his pants in his presence, refuses to speak because of his relentless dad, and eventually becomes the victim of a tragical stroke, the film thereby exploits the boy ' s sufferings and his story scarcely becomes tiresome and not sincerely done. i felt 1 didn ' thymine scarce see a picture, but i attend a lecturing for the whole 100 minutes of this serious but unappetizing story. it was the sort of pic that you hoped would somehow end soon, as it seemed to be in the habit of rehashing its like viewpoint unnecessarily - - the message it continue sending was already receive. in the utmost shot where father and girl are hopelessly jab for the preoccupied luggage, one make the impression that no 1 in the film acquire anything astir themselves or the preceding. that seems strange, since i opine that was what this film be supposed to constitute around. unless i embody mistaken and the motion picture show ' s real aim comprise to make us cry over simcha. 