new speech. same one time attitude. don ' t forget to recommend a pic, read the diary, operating room send me some of that awful hatred mail. ) starring robert i willis, billy bob thornton, 54 president tyler, ben affleck written by jonathan hensleigh and j. joule. abrams directed by michael bay information technology rock - actually, lots of rocks flee at us or from us, in dense or dissipated move, at respective points in the film. they seem like dangerous rocks because they kind of twirl through the melodic line or else of just move forward, and when they land - once in a while, when we need a shift from the blank space sequences - they cause damage enough to destroy the chrysler construction and the like. ( nary a acknowledgment of these apocalyptic event is made after they happen. ) they also just might make up the virtually interesting constituent of armageddon, a steroid user ' s answer to cryptic impact. bruce thomas willis maven as harry stamper, a famous oil - driller commissioned by the white firm and national aeronautics and space administration to lay off a elephantine asteroid before it travels beyond " zero barrier " and ruin our planet. why an oil color driller? they want someone experience with mysterious - core mining to plant a nuclear missile into say asteroid. ( in unmatched accidentally (? ) hilarious sequence, nasa asks harass to inspect a deep - core driller they built base on his own blueprint; it is poorly constructed - harry criticize about every aspect of it. we trust nasa to build blank space shuttle that can land on twirling asteroids? ) harry assembles the obligatory " ragtag " bunch of " cowboys ", including a blond guy, a fertile hombre, a pitch black hombre, a wiseass, and the homo who is sleeping with his girl (affleck ). erstwhile they reach place, we get sequence after sequence of something break incorrect - perhaps the fact that they sent a bunch of nincompoops into outer space sustain something to do with it; i cannot count the telephone number of times they almost fail the mission on all my finger and toe. whether or not they save the daylight, i will not unveil. nor will you care. i will say this: you know you ' re in fuss when mysterious impact dwarf your star shaped movie in terms of emotion and scope. willis let barely a chance to come alive; ditto mark for affleck. their big scenes are mostly reserved for the third enactment, in a utmost minute - and vain - attempt to come in lovingness into the fabric. steve buscemi ' s character - the wiseass - be exceptionally problematic. " rockhound ", as he ' s called, be sarcastic and dopey, so they tape him to a president, where he spend most of the film. so why did they bring him upwards there to begin with? rather, why write him into the photographic film? - springiness his almost - witty one - liners to serious willis, who scowl and mopes and demonstrates psychotic propensity: at one point atomic number 2 chases after affleck with his scattergun for screwing his daughter, discharge oft and get significant legal injury to his oil rig. single ' m guessing atomic number 2 qualify nether nasa guidelines as individual unfit for space travel, at least in my world where the sky is blue. fifty four john tyler comprise pretty and humorless, as always; suspiciously, 4 of her father ' s band ' s (" aerosmith ") songs embellish the soundtrack. director michael bay lays the ocular and reasoned effects on thick, like ketchup, finally drowning the movie on - screen. ( the midriff time of day personify a non - sensical, pyrotechnical assault on the median primate ' s brain. ) whenever mortal dies in this pic, a crew member inevitably scream proscribed " we lose (insert dead person ' second last name hither )! " i must admit that non one time could i tell apart a dead oil - guy - seed - astronaut from a live one, and close - ups of the corpses ' faces beneath cracked helmets provided small assistance, as their pelt was often cover in fake rip. armageddon is non as terrible movie as godzilla. information technology attend nice, and has fewer plot - holes within its equally ridiculous framework. it make a vivid soundmix. only at nearly 2 - and - a - half hours, single could not believe how little really happen complete the course of instruction of the story. the love story has been played upwards in the ads, mayhap hoping to catch people before they recover from titanic - fever. testicle! the lover in the film are miles apart throughout - erase all thought process of nude sketching or car - sexuality and supervene upon them with obligatory shots of liv tyler tearing up while ben affleck cock approximately in a moon - crawler. think of a little film call jaws? in this film, three independent - minded valet de chambre on the spur of the moment found themselves on a fishing sauceboat in pursuit of a deadly shark. they didn ' t much similar each other at first; eventually, they started to value one another. i of jaws ' great aspect involved the would - be - ahabs drinking and vocalizing songs and tell news report. this is the form of male - bonding extraneous to quest oregon his producer, jerry bruckheimer, who throw too many fiber into the mix and expect we ' ll care about them on the ground that the worldly concern is about to end. non once serve we go the feeling that these characters are even acquaintances - ace ' d represent surprised if these player inconvenience to introduce themselves to 1 another before " action " embody called. a virile friend world health organization loved the film suggested to me that perhaps i cannot relate to a bunch of men who put on ' tetraiodothyronine bare their soul, who believe in dying macho concepts like valour and a kind of dresser - beating courage. to this, i will answer that the boys in armageddon are neither heroic verse, nor brave, nor fresh, even: this squad couldn ' t build a birdhouse. and if i get no respect for disliking a movie with all the synthetic intuitive feeling of a trailer - a trailer for a movie written by a squad of body - detergent builder and recognise card authors - i ' ve never been a prouder wimp my whole life history. 