on that point is a ruler when it comes to movies. a sequel be never as good as the original. there be very few elision to this principle, and texas chainsaw massacre: the succeeding generation is not one of them. now if you likewise take into thoughtfulness that the original chainsaw massacre was a really bad movie, and that this isn ' t still the first continuation to it, you get a recipe for a very painful viewing experience. preceptor ' t be fooled by the presence of upward and coming talents matthew mcconaughey (a metre to kill) and renee zellweger (jerry maguire ). they made this picture show before they were stars. judging by their performances they also pull in it before they took any acting lessons. it ' s a curiosity they e'er worked in hollywood again after seem in this turkey. apparently the producer of this film make just how unfit it be, because it sat unreleased for years until person decided that they might be able to capitalize forth the succeeder of mcconaughey and zellweger. apparently the two vernal stars were none overly happy about this thing ever so see the light of day. and i don river ' deoxythymidine monophosphate charge them, they would get been better off if this had been some kind of porno flick starring the 2 of them. alas for them information technology is a horror film in which zellweger plays your typically stupid horror movie character. while mcconaughey plays a guy who wear a mechanically skillful suspender on his branch that atomic number 2 controls with a television remote control. ( hey, don ' thyroxine say i didn ' t warn you. ) to make matters risky, leatherface, the chainsaw wield maniac, who was ne'er the chilling of psychopathologic sea wolf at the best of time, has now suit a full blown cross - dresser, and spends the total movie in retarding force. there exist a plot of land to this moving picture show but it isn ' t worth mentioning. lashkar e toiba ' s just suffice to say that a group of teenagers are in the distinctive improper place at the wrong time and are lead to the mercifulness of remote control man (mcconaughey) and his lipstick wearing chainsaw rev half - witted sidekick. man, i toilet ' t get over precisely how big this motion picture show is. this film has utterly no redeeming lineament. yet the obligatory topless babe shot wasn ' t enough to carry my interest for more than than 2 seconds. the writing make up unfit, the direction is even spoilt, but both of those things count near in comparison to the playing. this is the sort of moving picture show that they should make people in prison watch. a warrant you, if criminals think that they would be subjected to this picture they would ne'er break the law again. 