felo de se is otiose, everyone should know that. so what ' sulphur this movie like? you guess it. .. pointless. the virgin suicides focuses on the lives of the little phoebe lisbon sisters, from the perspective of the teenage boy world health organization follow fascinate by them. when the youthful capital of portugal sister commits suicide, information technology sets in motility a series of events that will modify the lives of many people perpetually. that ' s what the press fabric for the film probably say. now here ' s what one say: the virgin suicides be a huge waste of time. boring, arty, pretentious dust that make up about as entertaining as. .. well as commit suicide. the movie lost pine tree state early on, immediately following the scene where the younger girl start to her end from her bedroom windowpane. the girl ' s father (william james woods) holds her lifeless body in his blazonry as their horrify mob await on. then, as the aspect ends, the lawn sprinklers issue forth on. is that a joke? is that supposed to be amuse in some way? from then on, the movie go to draw pine tree state back in. performances are the only save up thanksgiving of the virgo suicides. sir henry joseph wood plays the sole part who would actually interest me when he came onscreen, but the performance of kirsten dunst as the succeeding youngest daughter lux comprise deserving mentioning equally well. dunst has the potential to embody a big star, if she choose her projects easily. and while this pic is awed, she manages to come away from it virtually unhurt. there are also a few cameos in the film here and in that respect, which only queer the audience as they exit you wanting more than. as a result, they all appear rather pointless (although on that point ' s a brief office given to michael pare from eddie and the cruisers which turns out to be his good role since. .. good since eddie and the cruisers ). perhaps the virgin self destruction would have work experience the write up non been tell from the point of view of people who have very little access to the main characters. we never get any pregnant insight into the girls and why they might cost sense what they ' re intuitive feeling. all we rattling know is that mrs. lisbon (kathleen frederick jackson turner) be strict and keeps them on a shortsighted leash. what mother doesn ' triiodothyronine? it ' s certainly no reason to commit self destruction. with the godfather division troika, serdica francis ford coppola proved that she had no business being in front of the camera. with the virgo suicide, she proves she has no business sector behind it either. having family connections doesn ' t entitle you to comprise allowed to do flick. so tending photographic film directors. .. stop permit your daughters pout their way into the industry. just because they share your dna doesn ' t mean they parcel your talent. [ radius ] 