these days, we follow witness the deluge of films base on old, cult tv display. most of the metre, the fans of these shows shudder thinking what could hollywood hacks of the present ut with the retentiveness of their past. but, some fivesome operating theatre six days ago, there weren ' t that many movies and the style didn ' t look that press down. thence, the people world health organization, like the generator of this review, grew up watching flintstones, popular 1960s animated series about " modern gemstone eld " family line, weren ' t peculiarly worried when the word come near live action remake. after all, the producer behind the project was steven spielberg and, if anything else, at least the particular effects would embody good. the plot revolves astir flintstones, family set in fictious rock age " town " of fundamentals, whose members enjoy the modus vivendi of 1950s middle social class the states. fred flinstone (john goodman) work in the target, and one day he helps his best friend and neighbour barney rubble (rick moranis) and his married woman betty (rosie o ' donnell) to adopt a baby. to return the favour, barney switches his results of aptitude trial run with fred, and, based on that, fred gets comfortably - paid occupation in management. only, of course, this is just a sham - corrupted official cliff vandercave (kyle maclachlan) and his sultry repository sharon stone (halle berry) need a scapegoat for their embezzlement scheme. in the meantime, fred ' s married woman wilma (elizabeth perkins) mustiness look her female parent (elizabeth taylor) who can ' t stand fred. on the trivial level, the flintstone did the excellent job in bringing the alive serial publication to animation. computer outcome are flawless, and the costumes, settings and other detail be veritable for all the rooter of the show. unfortunately, trouble with this film start with inadequate honk - rick moranis is as well lean for the role of barney, while the cartoon betty used to personify much skinny than rosie o ' donnell. only the greatest job of all is plot, or to be precise, the lack of patch. some thirty six screenwriters made trusted that the plot of the film is lame, original characters unity - dimensional, and many elements of the story, like embezzlement and inter - office politics, totally incomprehensible for the little children, the primary targeted audience of this celluloid. result is almost unwatchable mess, occasionally saved for the most part by excellent acting (elizabeth perkins was the right way on patsy as wilma) and one of the classic example of mortal hollywood disease lie with as " high conception ". after cracking hype, movie quickly sank into oblivion and the devotee of the display returned to the animated reading. all in all, film isn ' mt that big, simply only the hard core fans and nostalgics can discover more than than shamefaced pleasure in it. 