retelling the classic story of joan of arc get personify a democratic trend this year. earlier this crataegus laevigata, leelee sobieski play the passionate title role in the top - rated miniseries that debuted on cbs. and now, managing director luc besson induce delivered his version of the sweeping epic about the teenage female child purportedly sent by deity to rescue france from the clutches of their enemies. star milla jovovich, world health organization is predominantly improbable as the heavenly messenger accused of be a crone, ` the messenger: the story of joan of spark ' is a disjointed and overblown historical re - act that prevails merely as a bloated mistreatment of the famous fable. besson (who ' s late work includes the overactive sci - fi ` the fifth element ') mayhap entrusted a bit likewise much religion in ex - wife jovovich, because in ` the messenger ', the actress be drowning in a pool of her ain rawness. at firstly, when reports were indicating that jovovich had been chosen for such a demanding role, i was highly dubitable that her marginal talent could carry a film of such a caliber. after seeing the rousing trailer, my hesitant optimism of a sudden skyrocketed - milla jovovich looked superb. with the hopeful propulsion of her leading performance, ` the courier ' looked alike a timeless epic in the devising. a timeless epic it cost non. besson is hesitating to empty his unique and flashy style, and the account behind ` the messenger ' is not only suit to his demand. on the shoulder of besson ' south choppy and unexciting direction, the film dissipates into an uninspiring hodgepodge of poorly carry out battle sequences and bizarre imaging. there live no human exploration into the fiber of joan (or jeanne ). jovovich only jog on astir the power of divinity when we make little or no insight into her visionary objective. jovivich ' s unsatisfying portrayal only helps pass to the realization that besson sees jeanne as a man of spiritual cardboard. she personify but another special effect in this continuous ocular feast. jovovich does have a few isolated second of sheer power, just mainly, she look lost. rather frankly, i don ' triiodothyronine know of any actress world health organization could successfully pilot her elbow room through ` the messenger ' without a major muff. the book is chock - entire of funny dialogue and unfortunate comedy, as jeanne confront the uncrowned king charles septet (lavatory malkovich) and informs him of her heavenly intentions. faye dunaway plays charles i ' bear down beget - in - law, and dustin hoffman appear over ii - 60 minutes into the story as a part knight? the conscience '. all three actors juggle limited screen clip, although malkovich is uncharacteristically painful. the battle scenes are highly bally, but with the presence of such jittery camera work, they capture none of the agitation or finesse of something like ` braveheart '. there ' s a specially graphic and unsettling scene early on, when jeanne (as a untried girl) vigil in revulsion from a closet as her older sister is murdered and then viciously raped by a bloodthirsty english soldier. even his fellow troopers are petrified. ` the messenger ' is as well purely a 90 ' s update on the greco roman history. most too 90 ' s, it appear. there ' s gratis habit of the f - word and a barrage of lingo condition like ` she ' s testicle! ' sprinkled throughout the screenplay. one was half - bear jeanne to invite her homeys to come chill in her crib, but information technology ne'er happened. there ' s also the familiar presence of outlandish besson sense of humour, but none of it do even remotely tightlipped to functioning properly. it seems terribly misplaced, but in a calamity as jumbled and disjointed as ` the messenger ', most everything does. the musical score by erric miguel jose serra is spectacular, and the set and production designs be continuously telling. if information technology be visual excellence that besson cost striving for, then helium achieves his goal. but the only clip the dramatics make out active in ` the courier ' be during the closing trial run, in which jeanne is found guilty and burned at the stake. during these moments, the historic relevance and dramatic purpose of joan of arc reach the audience, albeit in a deliquium watercourse of light that provokes little big businessman or meaning. it ' s just too delay for besson to revive his lifeless interpretation, in which atomic number 2 is always concerned with the incorrect aspects. ` the messenger: the tarradiddle of joan of discharge ' exist an unlikely and unwelcome diachronic addition to the hollywood shelf. anyone searching for an entertaining epic is going to be painfully slap with an pompous and confusing film. despite my original hopefulness, milla jovovich is not going to have to worry about thanking the honorary society. 