in the interest of being generous, i need to start this review with the scene that i wish in sports meeting joe fateful. sir susan b. anthony sir anthony hopkins, playing a crack - rich media mogul, has gather his family around him for dinner. his oldest daughter (played by marcia gay harden from millers crossing ), world health organization has be obsessively project his sinfully extravagant birthday party, presents him with tierce superbly decorated little cakes, which are supposed to be scale models for his with child natal day patty. the girl asks sir anthony hopkins to pluck the one he likes. gerard manley hopkins, frustrated by the weight of planning for the whole elaborate affair, does what any man in his place would perform: helium game. whichever one you like, lamb, he says. and the daughter does exactly what any woman in her position would coif: she cries. i liked that scene for ii reasons. first, the cakes take care truly cool. 2d, information technology was, peradventure, the solitary setting in the movie where people act as you would await people to act. meet joe black is chock - full of unmated performances, multitude do things for no observable reason at all, and doing them in obtuse motion over the course of three hours to the boot. it ' s easy to watch meet joe black for the abundant eye candy of the palatial homes and the beauteous claire forlani, just information technology ' s even easier to sleep right done information technology (two citizenry on my words managed it quite nicely ). the hard part of the movie is understand the characters and their motive and wherefore somebody thought three hours be an appropriate length for this overwrought mess. i know my consultation have problems with the movie, because they thought it cost a comedy. cause in point: everyone should know by now that brad pitt plays the holy person of death in this picture. however, the first we see of him is as a untested lawyer in a coffee tree shop hitting on the glamourous claire forlani. ( it ' s not clean from the movie whether you need a law degree to become the angel of death, but information technology make a certain variety of sense. ) information technology shouldn ' t take long for the law abiding moviegoer to realize that bad things are astir to happen to mr. pitt. and indeed they do (after a hideously protract sequence where second earl of chatham looks over his shoulder at the retreating forlani and forlani looks ended her berm at the back away pitt ), because pitt walks into the road without count and short gets squished. easily, when that materialise, the audience howled with laughter, and continued to laugh at every commentary that be remotely humourous. thus, if you think that sudden violent death and sarcastic describe - way wittiness are funny, i further you to go see fitting joe black like a shot. anyway, the deceased attorney ' s body, no worse the wear from its massive injuries, be possessed by the angel of decease and brad pitt takes ended that role. the idea comprise that death (given the pen figure of joe black, so as non to disturb others) wants to require a vacation and live the world. if this weren ' t hollywood, we might get an interesting metaphysical discussion of life and death, but since it is, we get scene after scene of fish - out - of - water humour, just as if death is george of the jungle beaver state crocodile dundee or some other poor schmuck who ' second wandered in from the jungle or the outback or whatever and doesn ' t know how to act in our club. it likewise doesn ' t help that the theatrical role of expiry is written so inconsistently. he claims to be on vacation, merely he never does anything except hang around the seriously attractive claire forlani (just render to get your travelling agent to book of account that one ). he speaks very slow and stop english simply perfectly fluent jamaican lingo. helium knows everything about some characters, nothing about others. and as played by brad pitt, he ' s non especially menacing oregon charming or glamorous or challenging, atomic number 2 ' s just there. information technology ' s as if someone say george pitt, " never mind about play in this pic, son, scarce stand up there and look passably. " it ' s as if second earl of chatham be doing his keanu reeves impression throughout the movie. i ' ve use the phrase " saint of expiry " in this review real deliberately to contrast william pitt ' s performance with this year ' southward best angel performance, nicolas cage ' southward in city of angels. where first earl of chatham exist cold and unfeeling, cage is as warm and empathic as the situation reserve. where john milton cage jr. is genuinely curious astir the nature of man, pitt is distant and chesty. batting cage struck instant chemical substance sparks with co - star 1000000 ryan, where the alchemy between pitt and forlani be only understandable if you accept the notion that forlani ' s character is so shallow that she can ' t see beyond pitt the younger ' s good facial expression. the flick ' s other top gens is a often better role player, just that doesn ' t save assemble joe black. sir anthony hopkins isn ' t give much better textile to work with, unfortunately. he play unitary of these good - hearted multimillionaire media moguls that only be in hollywood. ( 1 wonder what power have happened if they had made hopkins ' siemens character more realistically malevolent. ) sir frederick gowland hopkins is marked for death ascribable to a bad ticker, but last step in and grants him some extra time in rally for being his guide in the world. of course, no one potty be sure of how they testament do when death lights out on their shoulder. merely i have to wonder (and in this picture show, you have a very long time to wonder) how you beaver state i would roleplay in a similar situation, especially if you operating theater i were a multimillionaire. sir anthony philip hopkins jolly much goes to the government agency - - and the major subplot revolves around who will control the corporation. rooter of incarnate intrigue will be fascinated, 1 ' m sure. 1 stayed awake all the way through with meet joe black, and i ' m need myself why. movies about death should encourage you to experience life to the fullest, which be what i ' m going to answer immediately. go spend time with your phratry, hold up volunteer for a local charity, heck, run take a nap. don ' t go view meet joe black, because all it leave exercise is strike you three long hours closer to expiry. - - curtis edmonds " no tyke have of all time tamper with the republican party and lived to tell about information technology. " - - sideshow bob 