okeh, bear with me y ' all, have first off i have to get this dispatch my bureau: what the hell is astir with that darn holler? ?? whew. okeh. cause that like clip shown over and over again was beginning to get on my nerves towards the last, as cute as the phthirius pubis maybe. even one know that you need more footage than * that *. and that wasn ' t the only thing arrest on my nerves. the cutesy gimmicks, cloying sweet score / soundtrack and the pretty untested faces of sarah michelle gellar (as amanda) and sean patrick flannery (as tom) might have held some appeal during, ohio, pronounce the first 10 minutes of the motion picture. at 1st the movie moves along at a speedy, interesting tread. it is speedily established that something magical represent about to happen to amanda when she encounters a totally random pansy godfather type person on the street, whose aforementioned cancer the crab follows her everywhere and just * doesn ' t * dice. a absurd conception, yes, but at this point i ' m unforced to accept information technology because unity ' m willing to admit that this is how amanda ' s life is changed, how her powers are received. subsequently on, the movie terminate ' t appear to decide whether these power come from this sprite godfather or from amanda falling in with tom. and this constitute why the clip of the pubic louse cost annoying; they weren ' t simply repetitive, they be stunned of place and unnecessary. the plot stumbles along at an uneven upper, sometimes populate too long on a particular development (amanda suddenly becoming a keen chef, her fall in dearest with tom turkey, etc. ), sometimes moving on too quickly for its own good. some spot the plot simply doesn ' tonne throw sense, sometimes it ' s way overly design (the crab bit, for exemplar ), and sometimes also corny (peaches emit dry ice. can ' t bushed that ). all in all the secret plan seemed fragmented, disconnected. not romantic at all, and but funny in some places. so, okey, dress the magic powers arrive from the crab? or the fay godfather? she throne * float * now excessively? and all of a sudden, or else of just making dry ice come out of peaches, she can put her emotions into her food? tom all of a sudden scarce accepts amanda ' s " witchery " in the final stage? would people really dine in a eating house that resemble living after dying in tupac ' s video? what the hell is up with that hoot cancer? it is inauspicious, because unity liked the basic premise of the flick, until it became too fantastical and tiresome. the cinema seemed to skirt around a serious theme surgery at least * a * theme for a while, but towards the closing it resolve to render us long flashback clips and 5 minutes of people crying at their tables. the sense of humor comprise good in some places (nolan gets the funniest bits, including that inexplicable, all random thing with the dame ). gellar and flannery are qualified actor, and gellar make a particular charm, only i much prefer her playing the saucy buffy (operating theater yet annette in the upcoming " cruel intentions ") than this sorry self justification for a theatrical role. it ' s almost funny sometimes to see these two hear thus hard to make the duologue sound better than information technology is, or prove to prepare the relationship look more plausible. the support character nolan represent a highlight, though atomic number 2 reminded maine a bit of kevin in " you ' ve got mail " (see footnotes ). and, as e'er, distinctive of a dame picture / amorous comedy, there ' s a ostensibly endless romantic soundtrack in the setting, cued up at whole the ripe places. this sort of got on the nerves after a spell, too. " simply resistless " is non hard to understand, light, funny in some places, and generally disappointing because information technology put up ' t draw the telephone circuit between romance and protracted sap, between humor and tired slapstick. and how could i refrain from constitute a pun? . . . " only resistless " is all too well to do to resist. ( 1st wake, 2 / 6 / ic ) * come anyone else call back this be a tad bit similar to " you ' ve got post " (or " the store around the corner " )? business rivals fall in love. female counterpart ' s business is in danger of be shut down. female as female parent - like figure guiding her. the annoying, hysteric ex wife - girlfriends. * i _really_ comparable sarah michelle gellar ' s press. 