this picture essay to present itself as the sequel to jan diamond state bont ' reciprocal ohm first appearance as a director, 1994 surprise hit speed. simply the lonesome affair the two moving picture have in common is sandra bullock as the female pencil lead. annie (sandra steer) is in the wrong spot at the awry time again. she ' s going on a cruise with her new boy - friend alex (jason patric ), and of course it is her ship that is kidnapped by trick geiger (willem dafoe) who has a osseous tissue to piece with the merchant vessels pedigree. they sacked him after atomic number 2 make sick. nowadays he wants the diamonds stack away in the ship ' s safe for recompense. that really comprise the whole storyline. speed 2 could get along without dialogues. the movie is all about icon and remarkable speech sound. i don river ' triiodothyronine really cognize why this is squall an action movie. except for a few scenes that represent vaguely reminiscent of hurrying this lead along the lines of the desaster movies of the 70ies. first we be introduced to a phone number of mass who are going to be important later on in the moving picture show. then desaster strikes. sandra bullock be said to have been glad that she could take action this sentence approximately. i look for the " legal action " but couldn ' t find information technology. most of the clip she is section of the decoration. the solitary time she be part of what happens is when she can birth a barb at defusing a bomb and unloosen some passengers trapped behind a fire room access. now we know that she can manage a concatenation saw. we as well hump that fire doors on cruise ships can be cut apart in minute. the turkey defusal of course of action goes incorrect, simply only the furniture is damaged, not our hero sandwich who still follow needed. jason patric alias alex spend most of his time flirting with annie, help former passengers and rollick in the water. his initial ocean - unwellness is of a sudden gone, because in that location are ship, crew and passengers to exist saved from evil geiger. he does a jolly good job merely i force out ' t goddamn keanu reeves for declining this share. and then there ' sec willem dafoe, the villain, world health organization desperately test to look equally frightening as frankenstein ' s monster. he doesn ' t succeed, though. an untidy appearance isn ' t enough to win over the viewer of his psychopath potential. before he try again to lay down u.s. believe he is a dangerous man atomic number 2 should practise for a while in front of a mirror. i buns ' t real recommend speed 2. you will plausibly like the movie if you like funny situations that aren ' t meant to constitute funny. specially the confrontation, when the ship first runs into an oil tanker and then dissembles a unanimous village is a treat. there you acquire to reckon the most superfluous scene in the movie. in keeping with last year ' sec desaster picture show tradition a dog is miraculously saved from certain destruction. a in truth comical (and signify to be rummy) scene takes seat on the oil tanker right before the collision. some crew members watch two ships colliding in an old flick. have they looked ko'd the window they wouldn ' t possess omit the huge ship racing toward them. those of you who still need to see the movie should find fault a theater with a large screen and a dear speech sound organization to love the ocular effects and the phantastic surround sound effects. in an adequately equipped theater it ' s as if the explosion represent pop off off all around you and you give the axe feel the seats oscillate. but the ilm special effect can ' t save the motion picture. for all the money they could take in get along better. 