dear deity, this is a fabulously unsound film! regardless of what i say astir bash off, you can ' t grasp it awfulness from my word. you have to go steady it and know it for yourself. here ' s the kicker, though - - i suggest that you do indeed. yes, this is a bad moving picture - - easy one and only of the most incompetent films of the yr - - but information technology has a certain misguided charm that makes information technology a singular kind of disaster to endure. in fact, i enjoy myself for most of its legal brief running time, despite the dreadful performing and a completely uncomprehensible news report. don ' triiodothyronine acquire me wrong: i ' grand non excusing knock off. it reaches an unsufferable level of mischievousness; information technology ' s and then incoherent that i marvel if it was hacked up forged than the avenger was. it as well boast some truly terrible performances from lela rochon, michael wong, paul sorvino, and - - of course - - denim - claude van damme. information technology does, notwithstanding, have the entertaining presence of rob schneider, and the to a fault inventive and pretentious management of tsui hark. as i watched information technology, i occasionally inquire if it was cognizant of its ain awfulness. now, in retrospect, it seems clear that it wasn ' t, only information technology ' mho still a fascinating form of stack. i don ' deoxythymidine monophosphate like write plot of ground descriptions (it is, by far, the most dull portion of writing a brushup ), but, in this case, i ' m turned the hook: there equal no way iodin could write an accurate synopsis for knock off. for the sake of comparison, iodine had no trouble understanding the usual suspect during my first wake. i paid closer attention to knock off, and the only thing i am able to aver astir it be that vanguard damme plays a gallant bring up ray, and represent accused by the cia (i think) of selling knock off products (criticize off products be, of course, products that look like name - brand materials but are generic and cheap ). i don ' tetraiodothyronine have it away what any of this has to do with soldierlike arts, but there be lots of warlike liberal arts in the plastic film. ray is dear at martial artwork, thusly when helium experience to beat up bad guys, there ' s no problem. rob schneider plays his sidekick, although one throw no idea who atomic number 2 really was by the end of the film. lela rochon is just some woman world health organization accuses them of stuff, while alice paul sorvino is both the proficient guy and the bad guy wire at once! in fact, every type goes through so many shift from expert to big that the oddment provides absolutely no perceptivity into what any of them really do. in that order, knock off represent totally tongue tied and makes absolutely no sentience. but what a strange mess information technology is. information technology was written by stephen e. de souza, who also wrote die hard and 48 hours. fundament this be the like man? i don ' triiodothyronine see how, unless, of course, immense chunks of the film have been bump off for the sake of melt meter. knock away look to have an interesting premiss (as far as action films plump ), but there ' s no semblance hither. for representative, van damme is introduced, and then second afterwards he ' s running a chariot race done the street of hong kong. wherefore? who know. what cost the implications of this? i receive no idea. most activity film abandon depth in party favor of legal action, and this is normally a problem. knock off, yet, exist the 1st film that i would have preferred to take in with all of the talky sequences skip. the playing is embarrassingly bad: rochon, in special, delivers each of her blood with stiff and talentless insincerity. sorvino, in add on, deserves good than this. caravan damme is bad, but he ' s charming in that bad way of life, and so one can ' t say that helium ' s backbreaking to watch (although i rarely understood what he was saying ). the solitary exception is rob schneider, who be actually quite singular a lot of the time. tsui utilizes so many tricks that he makes john woo look tame by compare. they ' re all pointless gimmicks though, such as slam of the inner - workings of a knock forth execute shoe. merely his action scenes are never ho hum: i special piece inside of a yield factory (a yield manufacturing plant?) is well - choreographed. mess of the panorama are hawk advantageously to comedy, such as our heroes ' inaugural meeting with the rochon character. but did tsui know that his film is beyond idiotic? 1 desire he did, for the alternative is a frightening mentation. knock cancelled make the feel of a truly terrible exercise in refugee camp mania. if information technology were boring, 1 ' d give it zero star. but it ' s not boring: information technology ' s loud and undue and totally incoherent. information technology ' s likewise funny, even when it isn ' t signification to be funny. a bad film that succeeds as entertainment doesn ' t deserve to make up fully jaw. unity recognize knock off for its irrefutable badness, but i can ' t deny information technology ' s zany, useless charm. ohio, 1 screw, they ' re but action scenes looking desperately for a real story, but they ' re fun action scenes amongst a bunch of preposterously inane concepts. information technology ' s fun to admire the awfulness of a moving picture like this, merely that doesn ' t excuse the fact that it be, indeed, awful. 