senseless represent a prime lesson of what bathroom happen when you try to push a one - gag concept a spot too far. director penelope spheeris be no stranger to this, have subjected audiences before to such tortures as the beverly hillbillies. marlon wayans stars as darryl john witherspoon, a college elderly vying for a lucrative job at a striking brokerage firm. however, he lacks the advantages of his chief opposite, dred scott thorpe (david spade, in the smarmy sort of role he fanny deliver in his quietus ): an acrobatic platter, sponsorship by a fraternity, and, most of all, a wealthy family to back him up. in fact, darryl have to work at foursome jobs plainly to make ends meet. simply at that place may be a light at the end of that tunnel. helium signs upwards as a human republic of guinea bull in a neurological experiment consort by the university ' s dr. wheedon (brad dourif ). as a result, his weed are amplify tenfold. use his newfound power, he sets himself in complete pursuance of the occupation (unaware that there may be some disadvantageous english - effect to having super good sense ). course, marlon wayans play this clowning at full gun, giving jim carrey - ish amounts of physical sense of humour. the problem be, aside from a few genuinely divine bit, there ' s not very much that ' s funny remark here. the photographic film bear it ' s one central gag, and pads out the relief of information technology length with rather obvious lowbrow bodily fluid. there obviously wasn ' t much thought invest into the plot. the entire job pick physical process is completely ridiculous. i mean value, why the emphasis on extra - curricular activities if the entire job is going to come downhearted to a exclusive - reasoning by elimination quiz anyhow? and is this the lonesome job being offer to economics majors this semester? to give information technology credit, senseless does essay to create a lowly joke with darryl ' s roommate, tim laflour (matthew lillard ). apparently, atomic number 2 is supposed to represent faddish, only the motion picture show never does anything with him, leaving him in a piercing phase throughout the motion picture show. his " intercession " scenes with darryl, however, do offer a uncommon, and welcome, jest. and then there ' s the love pastime which live always pathetically tacked onto comedies like this single. in this instance, the object of darryl ' s amor be janice (tamara taylor ), a fellow scholar who acquire ' tonne stimulate anything to do with darryl until he gains his super - senses. needless to say, the love story be completely orthogonal, and add little to the film. this is a motion picture that desperately needed something else. be that a good plot, more jokes (or plainly singular i ), or a strong character operating theatre two, anything would have helped senseless come off the land. as it be, all the frenzied exuberant mugging in the world ass ' t help marlon wayans get this one sour the priming. 