ace should have acknowledge, damn it, i should have known. ewan mcgregor - codename: " eye " - is pointing a gamey - tech reave - ly gadget at a fat, bald business - orientated american engaging in illicit sexual activities in a windowpane across the street. we get down the requisite electro - putting surface through - the - mickle aspect. we the audience, seeing a high tech reave - ly gadget, of course guess that eye is going to assassinate the mark, only instead, he pulls the trigger and the rifle takes twenty or so hazy, down in the mouth - quality photographs, which eye then continue to fax and e - mail to everyone in his aim ' s office. all right, so xxx sec in, i was slightly befuddled by this on the face of it purposeless rifle / camera, but iodine was still assailable beware. .. perchance there ' s a really good reason for information technology. i ' ve stimulate grounds to believe, you figure - i admire a passel of ewan mcgregor ' sulfur previous work. .. and he ' s obi wide area network ke - friggin - nobi for god ' s sake. and director stephan elliot ' s utmost pic priscilla, queen of the desert was a quirky little joy. there ' south some genuine talent involved hither. i think at the twenty minute mark, in that respect was even so a spark of bob hope in my heart. eye cause be specify to enquire the leader of his organization ' s son (i still have no estimate what this organization was - british intelligence activity? national spy band? individual investigating? ), world health organization is apparently stealing from his trust fund. he get received his assignment from k. d. lang, through an elaborate and expensive teleconference briefcase. when eye tracks his aim to an expensive - look secluded house, atomic number 2 witnesses a mysterious and beautiful woman (ashley judd) take a tongue taboo and keep to stab the poor bastard. ok, that ' s odd, 1 think to myself, this could embody interesting. then she starts to cry, and through her bust promulgate " merry christmas, pa! " for the foremost time. thus begin our tale of obsession. .. operating theatre. .. something. the rest of the moving picture involves ewan mcgregor ' s eye character follow ashley judd around to every recession of the united states, totally and completely obsessed by this adult female from afar. throughout his intact professional lifespan, helium have been a voyeur; so when atomic number 2 falls for person, the only room he can handle it is to watch and drool through telescopes and photographic camera. fine, that ' s a endearing premise, 1 conjecture. but gosh darn it, if you ' re going to die there, you better consume some sort of account. and that ' randomness precisely where this film fail. this be the sort of movie that wee me off. it ' s an miscarriage, a collection of half - work and emaciate mind that amounts to absolutely nix in the end. information technology dissemble it is something that it be non - a surreal and deep psychological fictional character study wrapped in a high - technical school thriller. here, the filmmakers stimulate discombobulate " dreamlike " and " deep " with " vaguely unclear " and " cram full of foully obvious metaphor. " i never, even for an instant, give the foggiest approximation why optic would fall so in " have sex " with this woman world health organization change wigs and kills people. the moving picture offer only if two explanations, neither of which make a lick of sentience. explanation number unmatchable: the objectionable presence of eye ' s imaginary girl, who was taken away from him by his married woman some sentence ago, assure him he shouldn ' t leave ms. judd. explanation ii, which by the end of the film has been beaten into our head through imagery and dialogue and yet the title of the moving picture: " beauty be in the eye of the beholder. " whoo hoo, that help oneself, thanks a bunch, case closed. that ' mho every bit deep as it gets, folks. there is an attempt at an account in the final minutes, which, instead of bind everything together, ends upward being every bit profound as a clever one sixth - score mad lib. there be lower ranking characters that go in and out of the picture and serve piffling beaver state no purpose except to create the audience wonder what the hell the point was. my personal favorites include: the prison - matron modeled after austin powers ' frau farbissina, who apparently taught ms. judd everything she knows about wearing wigs; jason priestley ' s awfully played dirty desert vagrant # i, who tries to emulate dennis hopper a la down in the mouth velvet, but go wrong miserably; and the cop - who - sees - ashley - fleeing - an - accident - shot - and - then - wants - to - pay - for - sex - but - is - guessing. each one in this sad minuscule parade is a little more pointless than the last place. the script pays no care to the law of time and outer space. any time one of the frequent placement changes occurs, the camera zooms in on a token snowfall globe, and minutes, workweek, or age could take take place. bewilderingly asinine stylistic decisions harass the whole affair - one character passes a meth of cognac to another in a slow - motion close - upward awash in a caboodle of basso. ewan mcgregor at 1 point takes up residence in a buzzer pillar just thence he could be repeatedly awakened and deafened by the giant gong. jason priestly start philosophize about sharks, then laughs maniacally. .. baseball swing to random guy with middle patch. .. common iguana tabu of focus. .. iguana iguana comes into focus. riot, man. when i found away afterward that this pic was base on a novel, it came as no surprise to maine. in that respect are plenty of element here that, if extended and fleshed stunned more, would have made for a nice story. and i wouldn ' tetraiodothyronine be surprised if atomic number 53 found out there was an hour and a half of footage cutting off from this picture consist in a landfill somewhere, oregon hold off in the wings for the dvd special director ' s cut. .. not that anything would e'er have me to purchase such a thing to discover out what i was miss. the terminal ten or thus minutes featured a conversation between the eye and the judd that was supposed to be some sort of bring out exhibition. some cat in the back of the theater equal talking on his cell phone, and this time i didn ' thymine particularly worry all that much because what was happening on the screen was a steaming pile of unholy crap; the audience around me chuckled and whispered sentiments similar to what i was thinking. soul nigh cell - telephone set - guy did finally yell, " close the hell upward! ", but it be a lot suspicious when we thought atomic number 2 was talking to the crt screen. 