1 move to blair witch undertaking two: book of shadows with the highest of hopes. the original film, released last summertime, was really scary and terrorise; i hoped that this motion picture show would live up to it predecessor. unfortunately, my hopes were before long daunt. as the movie spread out, the audience be shown pseudo - documentary clips of burkittsville, free state residents be interviewed astir the sudden tourist influx to their ithiel town as a result of the original blair witch labor moving picture. it ' s a more often than not humorous, self - aware poke at the spiritualist ballyhoo and frenzy surrounding the initiatory film. during this segment, we be introduced to the protagonist, a unseasoned man world health organization sells blair witch - colligate memorabilia from his website. the moving picture and so cuts to a title of respect that informs us that what we are astir to see occurred one class previously. we realize the same new man that was selling anthony charles lynton blair witch paraphernalia, just now he is confined in a mental institution the kind of which one only finds in tough repulsion movies. we see him make some sort of disgusting ashen goo unconvincingly forced down his nose while a cigarette - smoke doctor luridly leer above him. we see him throwing himself wildly around a padded room; we visualise him creep naked in a shower stall as a fire hosiery is turned on him. no account is provided for why helium be in the mental institution; in fact, these scenes are scantily have to doe with to again. i had a sinking flavor during these opening scenes; by and large, a hospital picture that is place with poor lighting, dirty interiors, and malign doctors is a sure sign of the zodiac that you are in the throes of a truly horrible movie. the motion picture cuts again, this time to the present. the immature man, whose name is jeffrey (played by jeffrey donovan - - as in the maiden movie, the character name are identical to the actors ' names, although this movie admits up front that it is fictional, so there ' s no reason for the practice this time around ), is rounding upwards a group of people that he will be leading into the woods that weekend for the " blair witch hunt, " which is a promotional gimmick he came up with and sells on his website. we meet tristen and steven, a new brace who are writing a book astir the blair witch experience. steven is a skeptic, believing the unscathed matter to be the result of tidy sum frenzy. tristen, on the other paw, believe that there may live some truth to the rumors of supernatural natural event. she is pallid and cushy - spoken; she complains that the radio make up playing too loud. ( she as well complains that she feels nauseated; one knew instantly that the character was pregnant, and my intuition was corroborate a few scenes by and by when kim psychomagically susses it out. how did i know? because in high risk movies, nauseated women comprise always pregnant. ) the quaternary penis of their party is erica, a wiccan with flowing haircloth and wide centre world health organization wants to prove that the blair witch follow a good witch, not malevolent. they pick upward the fifth and final team member in a burial site. kim is dressed whole in black, have got extreme goth - panache composition on, and occasionally displays seemingly psychic abilities, simply other than seems to be the most intelligent and fairish somebody out of the entire bunch. presumably she wanted to be picked upwards in the memorial park just for striking impression; information technology ' s never explained. the party of five head off into the woodwind as promised. they reach the crumbling ruining of the foundation of rustin parr ' s sign and set up camp, staring with extensive video equipment with which to commemorate the nighttime ' s event. on that point is a brief showdown with a rival blair witch tour of duty group who had design to camp at that site equally well, but after a few words are exchanged, the rival group huffs off and makes coterie elsewhere. the movie veers off at this peak to spend many long, long minutes showing the boozing party that result after the lord's day buy the farm down. sexual innuendo be tossed around, much hard liquor, beer, and pot represent consume, and nothing much else encounter. this would exist a great point to get astir and go to the bathroom if necessary. the succeeding day, the team waken upwards and discovers that their camera equipment make been altogether trashed, and that steven and tristen ' s manuscript paper is fluttering down from the sky in tatter, like snowfall. the videotape embody missing, merely thanks to a psychic intuition from kim, they chance upon the videotapes swallow underneath the foundation of the house, " right where the original blair witch tapes be line up! " ooh. spooky. the squad goes rearward to jeffrey ' s house - - a creepy former civil war - geological era warehouse in the heart of the woods - - to regroup and refresh the tape. they before long discover that the mag tape mysteriously skip five hours of the nighttime. wacky high jinx ensue. tristen start having weird dreams in which she is the blair witch, everybody starts finding these weird rune - like burning marks on their bodies, steven and erica receive some highly disturbing mutual hallucinations, and everything middling much proceed to hell in a handbasket. throughout the entire ordeal, jeffrey and the others continue to size up the videotapes, which look to have some kind of weird images on them at about the point that the time skip; eventually tristen wanders in, mutters something about " reverse, " and from this they somehow realise that they have to represent the tapes backwards. when they do this, they bring out what really happened during the five lost hours. ( one of the things they come across on the videotape is footage of themselves bury the videotapes. okay, if the videotapes be being bury, then how were they record themselves. .. oh, nevermind. ) this movie comprise awful. simply awed. the characters are broadly - drawn imitation that are ne'er allowed any astuteness operating theatre development. erica represent the nature - loving wiccan. tristen personify the feeble and sympathetic woman. steven is the imperious asshole. kim is the antisocial barbarian girl. honest to god, tired cliches were use to illustrate these impersonation. how coiffure we know tristen cost watery and sympathetic? because she ' s pregnant! how do we know kim is an asocial goth girl? because she wears a lot of eye physical composition! how do we know the local sheriff is a tough cat? because he has jagged teeth and talks like atomic number 2 ' s straight out of " rescue "! this is debile storytelling at its worst. kinda than taking the clip to flesh out the characters and make them sincerely kindly, the author chose to give each one a few stereotypical characteristics, in an attempt to use some cinematic tachygraphy and thereby skip straight to the action. it didn ' t work. on big top of being unwell developed, most of the characters were either gravely unlikeable or patently stupid. ( " honey, you just had a spontaneous abortion away in the sir henry wood and got medical attention at a infirmary that looks like information technology belongs in a bad slasher movie. lashkar e taiba ' s get on a sheet home. " " no . i am having these flaky nightmare and seeing strange visions and atomic number 53 want to determine extinct what ' s going on. " " sooner state. " ) frankly, by the oddment of the pic, i was rooting for the witch. iodin besides feel that there be simply too much blood ' n ' gore in this film. the 1st film work by never showing us the horror. the beldame was a tangible presence in that movie, simply we never saw information technology; we never regard anything, in fact. the repulsion was all off - screen, and thus our imaginations go overtime to envision what information technology might possibly be. this be the hallmark of a truly creepy and disturbing horror movie. blair witch two dispensed with such nicety and went straight for the utter - out. this was discernible from the opening scenes of the mad doctors push white sludge down jeffrey ' s pharynx, and continued throughout the film as the audience is treated to occasional confusing and disorient footage of what seem to be a ritual massacre of some sort. knives plunge into flesh, bloody fingers trail off into the dark, and none of it be explained until the real terminal, when information technology was excessively late for me to care. this moving picture show didn ' t plosive consonant with showing us the gore, either; information technology went for broke and present us everything. by the destruction of the movie, at that place are no questions remain astir the missing five 60 minutes. information technology comprise all excuse; in fact, information technology is all shown on - screen in loving detail. i confess to be someone who favour horror movies in which you never encounter the monster, or see solely brief glimpses, mere suggestions of what the monster is; information technology is non because i find the monster so terrifying, but because i find the absence of the monster to be infinitely more terrifying. i have seen interviews with the conductor in which he propose that in that location is no " ogre, " that all of the evil be commit only by the human mind. i receive this to live a miserably poor explanation; if information technology was in fact the director ' s aim, so he needs to have some words with the writer, because information technology was non made clear at all. ( i have intercourse a portion of people who like to go to parties and get wino and stoned out of their mind; none of them has ever gone on a murderous rampage and then experienced mass hallucinations with a radical of early people for the next workweek operating room so. and if there was no enchantress, then what about the vanishing tree diagram? the snowfall of manuscript paper? hectometer? ) blair beldame ii: koran of shadows was a horrible movie. from the poorly - written type to the implausible story to the plot of land inconsistency to the crude - taboo shots, information technology was a bad effort done and through. 