there take in been merchant - tusk costume dramas with more of a pulse than " the mod team, " a self - consciously " hip " cinematic rendering of the old tv serial publication still looked upon fondly by so many baby - boomers. well, pronounce " squad " sure enough won ' deoxythymidine monophosphate personify a pleasant viewing experience for them or anybody else, maybe still the teen butt interview the movie has be geared towards. a contemporary issue on this decidedly ' lxx display doesn ' tetraiodothyronine exactly seem idle, just 1 wonders if the mold it accumulated while waiting on the ledge didn ' t transform into a full - blown case of botulism. how curious that the film begins by defining both mod and squad, assert that the latter be a group of citizenry work together and then contradict this definition by keeping its titular trio apart for a tidy chunk of the running time. they make up julie, pete and linc, reformed delinquents working undercover for the lapd (exposition order out of the mode so fast that you ' re likely to be lost from the gap bit on ), and they are respectively play by claire danes, giovanni ribisi and omar epps, talented actors each deserving of better than this. their plight involves standard cop - corruption stuff, as our would - be protagonists catch jazz of an internal cover - upwards after their higher ranking (authentic dennis farina, one of the best things here and gone so speedily) gets killed and framed for drug trafficking. they pout a lot and eventually get cracking to expose this knotty conspiracy using surveillance tactics that would impress the hardy son and linda tripp only few others. when you ' ray supposed to personify asking, " what ' s going to find next? ", you ' ll instead entertain thoughts like " who follow these hoi polloi and wherefore should i care? " surgery " aren ' thymine thrillers supposed to contain thrills? " not that danes, epps and ribisi don ' t cave in it a shot. danes can fare the troubled teen thing in her sleep, as evidenced by " my and so - called life, " but she ' s saddled with a inscrutable - boyfriend (josh brolin) subplot so see - through you begin to seriously question her so - call intelligence. ditto for ribisi ' s (" saving individual ryan ") looney wanton cannon, though at least he do with a wild - and - crazy vigor that once in a while demands tending. but epps - poor epps. epps (" higher learning ") is thence brusk - changed atomic number 2 ' s reduced to literally waiting about for a bad guy to chase him. all this sloppiness can be attribute to the screenwriters, one of whom, robert falcon scott silver medal, is likewise the director. they must think that if they get dressed up their unintelligent tale in such spiffy trapping (the look of the film is truly quite impressive ), it ' ll somehow pay off, but this " mod squad " plods anyway. characters are non - existent; present equal just some good - attend young thing model cool levi's and ice chest attitudes. plot of ground hardly escapes confusing convention. and the unmatched genre element you ' 500 think would comprise present up in generous portions - a few nifty explosions, some fighting, any kind of action whatsoever - only rarely makes it to this dull gab. all those quick to put devour last calendar month ' s inept but serviceable " my preferred martian " update need to accept a step back. hither ' s a small - to - big - screen version that rattling should ' ve abide in its sometime incarnation, " mod " or non. 