in life, eddie murphy and dino paul crocetti lawrence play two young men wrongfully convicted of murder and condemn to life in prison house. after about an hour of watching this movie, you begin to realise how their character feel. fortunately, for audience member there ' s a chance to scat the nearest exit. this, doubtlessly, comprise eddie murphy ' s worst movie and that ' s an acquirement. call up the gold child, harlem nights? compared to life, they calculate like citizen kane. life make up long, predictable, nasty - mouthed and only intermittently funny. its 100 - mo run time feels alike 100 years. henry m. robert ramsey and matthew stone ' s script essentially consist of potato and lawrence referring to everyone some them as " motherf. .. s " operating theatre " northward. .. .. atomic number 16. " you misplace weigh how many times both those obnoxious, offensive words are used. and if that all it takes to write a script, than any ignorant jackass tail end sit at a word central processor and write a motion picture. but, comparable life, information technology leave probably stink. to make up honest, the cover audience surrounding me in the theater yucked information technology upward. but these were the same hoi polloi who howled at all the flatulency and fertile jokes as considerably. life is as advanced as a burping. information technology ' s rock oil and stereotypical. yr ago, flick stereotypically portrayed blacks subservient, second - class the great unwashed, good for equal sole maids and servants. for the most section, the lot of blackness and other racial groups consume improved. merely a fresh, more insidious stereotype is creeping into movies. in many recent films, through actors such as potato and chris tuckers, blacks make up presented as degenerate - talking, intrigue, scam artist beaver state hip - hop, gunman - crazy, sex - crazed juvenility. both sets of caricatures be demean. and the fault does not pillow with the player. they have to eat, also. information technology is with the people who compose the scripts, the studio world health organization green - light within the projects and the consultation who accept these portrayals without objection. life ' s only redeeming sexual morality is the artistry of makeup legend kink bread maker who flawlessly age irish potato and lawrence into xc year old. otherwise, life be an embarrassment, a blot on the sketch of those associate with it. see it at your own hazard. 