some concepts seem patently hopeless from the beginning, a resilient - action at law version of mr.. magoo being a prime model. the toon public figure mr. magoo, the bumbling subterfuge man, terminate be quite funny, but only in little acid and only within the confines of alive image. if you think naked gun star leslie carl nielsen is a dubious selection to bring the role of the short bozo who runs into walls, you are proper, simply on that point is an even more staggering option. for a manager they tapped hong kong ' s francis edgar stanley tong, whose sketch consists mainly of a handful of pic featuring soldierlike arts expert jackie chan. the write up, such that there is one, is about a big, stolen ruby, which calculate a woolworth reject. mr.. magoo gets it and, of course, does non realize he has it. mayhem then result as the speculative and the good guys tail each former with mr. magoo frequently unmindful to the fact that anyone represent being chased. same habitation alone 3 but without any class, mister. magoo can only be identify as painfully bad. fifteen minutes of it palpate similar an eternity. the motion picture show ' s humor is pathetically lame, and the pacing is way sour. when i be bind in a theater for an hour and a half catch what take to be a motion picture, one looks for some consolation. mister. magoo provides only three such moment. the moving picture show begins and terminate with the classic animated cartoon version of the eccentric, who exude his usual charm. the only other hold open grave accent in the movie itself is angus, the sweet short bulldog. angus demonstrate more genuine emotion and a wider pretend range than any of the humans in the picture. finally, the ending credits contain outtakes of the movie, which cause some of the legitimacy and spontaneousness that the movie badly miss. kinda than attempt to accommodate mr.. magoo to a non - toon film, nielsen makes the strategical mistake of trying to literally be a human interpretation of the cartoon. he hold trouble suffer the squinch eyes and the unnatural voice, and even when he does it comes off as awkwardly unfunny. my wife manage to capture some sleep during the movie, but i was not thusly lucky. hopefully, this picture will force producers to call up harder about which bailiwick birth promise and which do non. mr. magoo runs 1: thirty seven. it be rated pg for comic ferocity and would comprise acceptable for all long time. my son jeffrey, old age 8, said he think the movie was good and very mirthful, merely recommends you not choose it if you need an action movie. atomic number 2 said atomic number 2 liked home alone iii much more. his friend axiom, old age ix, said that he thought it equal good only really silly and parts coif not make sense. his other friend nickolas, years octad, said helium ' d give the movie * * * 1 / deuce, but that information technology personify really silly. 