" atomic number 53 seem to take glue myself. .. to myself. " starring jason biggs, seann william scott, chris klein, thomas ian nichols, allyson hannigan, shannon elizabeth ii, natasha lyonne, tara thomas reid, mena suvari, eugene levy, jennifer coolidge. directed by watt second. b. ginger rogers. snitch r. american proto indo european 2 reunites the cast member from american pie in a different setting; instead of being high school senior looking to score before they graduate, they are now preceding their first year of college and have gathered in a beach house to enjoy the summer of their lives. jim (jason biggs) is still an insecure geek look to amend his performance, oz (chris klein) is still the sweetest guy rope on the block, get revoltingly saccharine phone conversations with his studying - abroad girlfriend, stifler (seann william scott) cost still a horny stoner, kevin (thomas ian nichols) even so has no personality and finch (eddie kaye thomas) still longs for stifler ' s mom. have ace missed anyone? so, patently, non much has changed. this is not a problem, cater that the moving picture boasts the speedy - fire gleefulness and out of the blue reliable sentiment of the original. but american pie two be the identical definition of " sequelitis. " information technology ' s coarser, yes, and it pushes the envelope even more, but its core isn ' tonne in information technology. it ' s prosperous cash to capitalize polish off the maiden film ' mho success, but it would ingest been a worthier investment to prolong the dealership by add up up with something original. part of the reason why the film doesn ' t work, i think, is that while in the original the kyd ' seeking for sexual activity was a coming - of - years stepping stone every bit much as an outlet for their horniness. here, everything has live degrade. they behave like those idiot frat boys who kill themselves drinking; they have no motive except for sex, sex activity, beer and gender. that ' s non to enjoin that you can ' t make a nice comedy from that premise, but it is unmatched of american proto indo european ii ' s undoings. escape, to a fault, is the fragrance that permeated american pie, the this - could - be - you lineament of the main players. hither, the characters are too cognisant of themselves as pop - civilisation picture, and they ' re still more one - note. stifler and finch are now caricatures while jim, oz and kevin are forced to make cumbersome ego - discoveries at arbitrary moment, none of them betraying what the writer think the audiences want to see. and then there ' s the soon - to - be - notorious scene where jim superglues " himself to himself, " which perfectly demonstrate yet another of the film ' s ailments, one that as well permeated say it isn ' mt hence, director j. b. rodgers ' launching. there ' s a fine line between comedy and abject mortification, and american proto indo european 2 be on the awry side of it. information technology ' s strong to laugh at the character when you are deeply stymie for them. i shielded my oculus watching this more than i have watching any revulsion picture. if there ' s one redeeming factor to american proto indo european 2, it ' s the inimitable prince eugene of savoy levy en masse as jim ' s pa, who pops in on jim as he ' s about to mark and utters lines like " your mother and i have be known to get kittenish. .. non thusly much anymore, but. .. " and and then when the girl ' s parents walk in, blurts out " this mustiness be your daughter! i didn ' metric ton get her name, but hopefully my son do. " if only the rest of the moving picture take the wit and soundness of levy ' s performance. this be an wretched sequel to a gross - fest that brought book binding the raunchy teen clowning. the box - post of this onw should go on the genre sound strong, which follow disappointing. the genre need a hiatus; filmmakers follow get lazy. 