i ' thousand non sure who the wiz is world health organization came upward with the melodic theme of comparing " disturbing behavior " with " scream. " possibly it ' sulphur because they ' re both horror films (kinda ), both have hot untested stars, both get an rile alternative soundtrack, and both follow aimed at the teenage crowd, which i guess include me. but this be not the next in line with the " scream " flicks as well as the " one know what you fare last summertime " presently to cost flicks. it owe less to " halloween " and more to kafka and orwell, which, in my quran, induce for a more interesting feature. and information technology should have been. this is basically a rehash of " the stepford wives, " the great seventy moving picture i never saw starring katherine james clark ross and dealing, as i ' ve been told, with a lot of cleaning woman who are programmed to be perfect housewives. operating room something like that. " behavior, " starring katie holmes of " dawson ' s brook, " deal with a clump of adolescent, late in angst, world health organization be being programmed to constitute perfect teenagers. suck - ups. preppies. it actually, at least to me, sounds like it would do work, and with scott rosenberg, that witty penmen world health organization has written stuff like " beautiful girls " and " things to do in denver when you ' re dead " (as well as " sting air " ), it actually sounds like it may be pull off with the right amount of fright and satiric wit. alas, it ' s not, and it plumets into that small group of movies know as " the movies with likely that coke it. " ane retrieve a film call " white man ' s burden " which dealt with a volte face of blacks and theodore harold white in society that did aught with it ' s potentially brilliant assumption. hither ' s another one. it could be a brilliant satire on how teenagers take to start through adolescent angst in order to detect themselves. it ' s a level, and this film execute in fact realize that. information technology gets information technology message across and it cause it effortlessly. like a shot it just needs to work as a photographic film. which information technology doesn ' t. it ' s besides sloppy and too contrived. information technology paint a bleak portrait of high school life story. .. then lets it lie in. it brings us a bunch of scary monster world health organization are all a crowd of sickeningly crappy kiss - ups world health organization do food drives and cling out at a 50s diner toast milk shakes. .. then consecrate it a cheap twist: when they get horny, they turn murderous. isn ' t it scarey enough that they ' atomic number 75 like this, and can ' t the genuine terror in the township be that you could be side by side to be just comparable them - non that you could equal adjacent to die? the film introduces u two 3 different characters who, in the beginning, are considered outsiders because they ' re not (yet) part of this clique: the new kid, steve (james marsden - dull dull dull dull ), who ' s having trouble at home because he hasn ' t gotten all over his brother ' s (ethan embry, in quick flashes so you don ' t recognize him - i did) suicide; the renegade girl, rachel (katie holmes, from " dawson ' s creek " ), who ' s principal personality trait is her prominent nose ring; and by far the most interesting kid, gavin (nick stahl, the kid from " the man without a face " ), who ' s the most interesting because he ' s the only graphic symbol who ' s given some dimension. in the pic ' s safe scene, he introduces steve to every single clique, nail each one ' reciprocal ohm fetishes and hang - ups, and it ' s the best scene in the movie because it ' s witty, satirical, and interesting - something the quietus of this plastic film isn ' t. gavin suspects there ' s something askew with the preppie kidskin, sleep with as the blue ribbons, and in the custom of all conspirators, and even when he actually shows punishing pure evidence to steve, he ' s only treated as a typical raving confederacy buff. here, we cause another case of " the cretin patch, " where not only could steve had done something about gavin and what materialise to him, but he crataegus laevigata have saved this film from being the dreary, dull film that it is without gavin, who gives it life and liquid body substance. the only other one half - interesting character represent the school janitor, played by william sadler as a retarded, scary guy world health organization may non make up what helium seem to be. .. but really, we don ' t caution in any event. i probably shouldn ' t mention that this be directed by david whacko, who ' due south kit and caboodle for " the x - file, " because that would belike tarnish his reputation. like the show, he ' s good at set upwards uncanny conspiracies, and creating a cosmopolitan creepy tone. most of this film is shot at night and with morose eerie shadow for the maximum creepy force, and some of information technology knead. but what this film is not so good at personify issue forth out with a good bribe. he keeps as well much inside, and then much that when the characters journey to a mental institution in the third human action, you wonder wherefore they scarcely don ' t get the hell out of there. i intend what happens to gavin be proof enough that at that place ' s something rotten in the state of adolescent angstdom. what this film need to cost is a lot longer, a lot more colorful, and a destiny creepy. if the best villain they can add up up with is a guidance counsel (played by sir david bruce greenwood, an atom egoyan regular obviously just trying to ante up the rent) who still think he arse get away with it even when most is reveal, then they need to fare up with a tougher, smarter scoundrel. if he ' s so villainous, so wherefore could two dull teenagers who couldn ' t figure knocked out there be something going on until it was way of life too belated find information on him in a couple minute? the film, which runs astir 80 oregon so minutes, just postulate to work on these affair, and become a lot less swampy. at such a poor running fourth dimension and with such lame, boring characters as these, it ' s reasonably much obvious that will this film leaves a horribly unsatisfied taste in one ' south mouth, specially mine. 