family on haunted hill (1999) asterisk taye diggs, geoffrey rush, ali larter, famke janssen, pecker gallagher, bridgette mount wilson, max perlich, lisa jacques loeb, james marsters, and chris kattan. directed by william malone, written by dick beebe, " sign on haunted j. j. hill " initializes itself to the audience with a scene involving zombie - similar genial patients attack and murdering doctors in the goriest ways possible. one physician is killed instantly after give a pencil rammed completely through his neck. a nurse has her head push into a barrel of water. these mobs of zombies presented represent similar those in old b - horror flicks, with grunting noises and cadaverous movements. except this time, at the end of the millenium, the moving picture be open the power to register precisely how outrageous these creatures can be. in retiring horror film, the actual murder prospect are left forbidden or non demo forcing the viewer to assume their own awful bloody deaths for the hapless victims. " sign on haunted hill " doesn ' t want their interview to give birth an imagination, everything live supply for them to watch and squirm, not intend. this nonsensical violence hold out of nowhere is unfortunately the most tonic character about this film. " menage on haunted hill ", which is based on the 1958 film of the same claim, introduces a handful of character as quick as information technology can, surveil the opening blood fest. the motion picture have no intention of furnish character development or a laudable plot. the aim hither is to frighten off the consultation with chilling, unexpected shot of blood, guts, and mayhem. however, the film be neither scary nor irregular. the plot involve five people who are presume to spend the night in a stalk house for one million dollar by an amusement car park proprietor (geoffrey rush ). each character be a nonstarter in the outside world and acknowledges that they would come anything for that money. since the characters are directly generalized as either greedy or caring, the anticipation of world health organization will survive or non is killed five minutes after you meet them. the trouble embody that every character is non likable. the deuce who come closest to being civilize are a womanizer (taye diggs - who should be doing picture show a lot near than this with all of his talent) and a businesswoman who accepts being womanized (ali larter ). the characters presented are so annoying and poor, that information technology is hard to jolly up for them surgery scream them. the worst theatrical role in this film, operating room mayhap in any film released this year, is chris kattan ' s james watson pritchett. he spends the whole flick squeak about the spooky house in a step so painful and inappropriate, that he accidentally lead off to seem more evil than the house itself. waitress for pritchett to die out, was a strenuously difficult act to sit through. the most humourous doer of the crowd be geoffrey rush work steven price (an homage to victor price who asterisk in the original ). playing the rich gentleman who supposedly organized the party, he plays the role perfectly in a misrepresented way where it be obvious that atomic number 2 is improving to something precisely by the expressions on his face. however, rush be pretty much wasted in a confusing subplot involving a mean married couple with evelyn terms, played by famke janssen. the primary trouble is that " house on haunted hill " exist not scary. to top off that huge dashing hopes, every actor was wasted and the script be whole ludicrous. if the annoying characters and hilariously bad dialog be purposely underdeveloped (similar to " mysterious blue sea " ), the destination for make a creepy, suspenseful action moving picture was entirely missed. 