there ' s a scene someplace in this film where single of the character reads the ledger " screenwriting made sluttish. " this is comic the foremost time just ' cause it constitute, but funnier as the film goes on since it ' s totally ironic since the screenwriters of this inane film probably understand information technology, outlined information technology and then write this motion picture show. information technology ' s like they took the sub - music genre of the disaster pic, which fanny be fun and hokey at the like time, and and so forgot one of the greatest parts of them: the unintelligent, eccentric character. yes, " the poseidon risky venture " exist crap, just it ' s fun ' movement of all the stupid, nonconcentric characters. and " seism, " my supreme being! " earthquake " has got to represent one of the worst pic of all time, but at least they had the joke of have charlton heston sleep with genevieve bujold. " volcano " claim a semi - intriguing yet stupendously inane plot of land (a volcano no one knew about abruptly errupts unmatched fine dawning and so erupt again later so stops. .. only it ' s in, daring i say information technology? l. a! !!) and so put no stupefied, stereotypical, eccentric character reference in information technology. they ' re just dazed. and the actors exist all good one. tommy lee jones is great, an oscar winner, and a member of the work force in black (my vote for what should be the coolest pic of the summertime ). anne heche is a good indy actress. father cheadle steal the disappointing " devil in a bluish dress " from denzel ' s ft. and gaby ' s one of the few ripe teenage actors. but they pay off nix to do but move dumb and scream at what ' s going on. they do their honorable, graven image bless them, but they ' re all lost in the fake magma (only don cheadle vex an interesting part and atomic number 2 ' s the greatest portion of the photographic film ). there ' sulfur no veridical suspense hither ' cause you don ' tonne care about anyone. i really was rooting for gaby ' s character to get kill indeed tommy lee jones wouldn ' metric ton throw to keep saving her (he did it like thirty prison term! ). and there are no interesting land site in fifty. a. that we see get destroyed. part of the fun of catastrophe picture show is watching sites let toppled or demolish or whatever. in " independence day, " the best part (other than judd hirsch) equal watch the white house and empire state building get flub upwards by the foreigner. that was assuredness. watch out really fake - look magma plow down the street is not. okay, so the film ' atomic number 16 not devoid of virtue. as i already stated, wear cheadle was great and the mould does their honest. and there ' s this truly moronic scene which look sang froid. john carrol lynch (norm from " fargo ") goes on a underpass auto to make unnecessary people just the lava comes and surrounds it. helium has one guy world health organization ' southward wounded and could make it. he could cast off the guy wire and jump and still pull through. merely no! !! atomic number 2 own to go and inanely startle and country right in the eye of the lava. here ' s the coolheaded sight: atomic number 2 melts. here ' s the dumb part of information technology: he somehow manages to thrust the valet to safety as his leg are dissolve. coolheaded sight. no logical system. but coolheaded sight. the vent erupts double and for some ground, the motion picture show ends there. they aren ' mt worried astir information technology eruting again, they barely go household to their toppled homes. just to tell the truth, ace was glad they didn ' t go on. i cost hoping the film be over after the initiative eruption ended. my god, information technology was actually painful to sit through with this little 102 minute retentive cinema. i haven ' t seen " dante ' s peak " but unity ' ve discover it ' s a masterpiece compare to this. if you need to see a coolheaded cataclysm flick that ' s inane but interesting, rent " the towering hell on earth " with steve mcqueen, paul john henry newman, and the schweppervescent group o. j. simpson (helium save a cat ). if you want to waste your clock time watching a oil production, stunned disaster flick (literally, it almost grossed one half of its budget ), understand this. but i warned you. 