the army comedy genre has never plow out a truly good picture (if you don ' t enumeration neil simon ' s biloxi blues ). yr after yr, more predictably cliched military movies come stunned - - most recently sgt. bilko - - and none of them ever manage to be anything more than than a rehash of the final. iodine thought band would be different. with ivan reitman as director, bank note murray as star and harold ramis as co - star and co - film writer, it seem corresponding it would be ghostbusters in the army. instead, it was a lot of unfunny shit in the army. murray, approximately as funny and advanced hither as he was in meatball, plays a loser cab driver who sees the army as his only chance for succeeder, and win over his supporter ramis to enlist with him. therefore he come, and we get the obligatory drill police sergeant from underworld, point - shaving and marching / tattle sequences, more mind - numbingly stale hither than ever. the characters are still less original, ranging from underachieving slovenly person toilet candy to incompetent captain john larroquette. totally the big figure lead in chevron (and even larroquette) fall dupe to the lame, hash over material and represent ne'er truly likeable, murray in particular. he only gets a few adequate line in, although those barely - funny one liners pale in comparison to the hilarious peter venkman character he played 3 age subsequently in ghostbusters. atomic number 2 was even better in caddyshack, for weep out loud. as with a batch of the late 70 ' due south / ahead of time 80 ' s comedies, stripe is a wholly juvenile movie only a minor would care but is so sex - obsessed no child should be able to watch over it. i ' m sure it seems funny on paper to have candy pay over $ four hundred to mud wrestle five beautiful women, only while see it whole that follow coming stunned of my mouth represent the admonition " earnest god! " every few instant. stripes isn ' t the playful sort of sex funniness, either. most of the time it appear downright misogynistic, as when larroquette expend his telescope to peer into the adult female ' s showers oregon murray lifts a female m. p. onto the stove and, with an i - know - what - you - similar aspect on his face, says he ' s going to give her the " aunt jemima treatment, " which signify shoving a spatula under her butt repeatedly. you get into ' t want to stick around around as the scene progresses and he uses an ice pick scoop on her venereal region. " i ' m non enjoying this, " the charwoman protest. my thought exactly. 