the obvious reason for bring on a sequel to an immensely popular movie is to take continued profits. the principle is sound, but in many cases of this and late years, the sequel is a tawdry product that ' s exposed for the john cash - milking fomite it really be. last year ' s speed ii and scream 2, as good as this twelvemonth ' s species ii throw all embody products that sustain been decisively less than satisfactory. in some cases, a sequel can even discredit its forerunner, as with the latest neo - slasher moving picture show, iodine nonetheless have it off what you did lowest summertime. whatever singularity the original might ' ve had now seems trite and ham it up when pair with this abominable thriller. julie james (jennifer love hewitt) and ray bronson (freddie prinze jr.) are back from the original to asterisk in 1 yet know, reprising their roles in typical fashion. julie and ray experience a preferably predictable falling - away at the beginning of the pic, leaving the doorway all embracing loose for newcomer will benson (matthew settle ). testament and julie hit information technology off, and along with friends karla (brandy norwood) and tyrell (mekhi phifer ), the foursome heads sour to a radio station - giveaway vacation in the torrid zone. unfortunately, thing aren ' t so peachy once they arrive, and with a geometrical regularity you could set your watch by, the infamous fisherman (muse john broadus watson) be rearwards with his draw. it ' s another bloody encounter, everlasting with cliffhanger end. there ' s not much that ' s original about i still be intimate, and with the market place saturate by gen - ten thrillers like this one, it ' s unlikely that i still get it on will get any recognition former than that of a unfit sequel. for die - arduous fans of the genre, this will embody need viewing material, but the bottom line is that the material hither be just recycle from the original i know what you did last summer. the aura of thrillerism surrounding the plot isn ' metric ton sharpen by skillful scripting oregon camera piece of work, merely rather a tense, string - based score and manipulative editing. the man with the crotchet finish up becoming very belittled this time around when the hand gives him too many line of dialogue - - he goes from being a scary pattern to a nutcase in a few short and painful moments. much of the secret be dropped for the sake of getting the point. the whole ground the plot of land exists - julie and karla must guess the capital of brazil in order to win the trip from the radio station - is a dead giveaway, lessening suspense and creating a hurry - astir - and - wait timing problem. and, whereas the slayer ' s identity might ' ve been a interrogative sentence in the first pic, information technology ' s almost a given hither, which changes the moral force of the motion picture show drastically. three or four teens run mechanically from a man in a rainfall slicker they casually refer to as " the grampus. " they ' re near used to it, and the execution designate it - non hewitt, nor prinze, nor brandy, nor phifer give way a decent show. and and then, in the destruction, information technology ' s left wide open for a 3rd flick and - most likely - a make new supporting cast. immortal help us. 