if i were one of those arrogant critics who thinks his review has some great wallop on the achiever or failure of certain films, unity power say that i review movies that don ' t look particularly good because one ' m do a service to my readers by warning them against seeing it. if that were unfeigned, i could arrange a streamer at the top of my land site that reads: " shay casey: seeing bad movies so you don ' t hold to. " but one know that ' s bunk - you ' re break to see whatever movies you need to no affair what i say. thence i have to tell the sojourner truth: every once in a while iodine get a tight, masochistic urge to see a bad movie. you know the feeling, when you ' re sick of seeing all these damn academy award rival and you desire to see something you can stimulate a orchis trashing mercilessly. sometimes i think that ' s why anyone run to see pauly shore moving picture show, ever. admit information technology: sometimes you like ascertain sorry movies. so do i. so i see " supernova. " truth be tell, " supernova " wasn ' t quite every bit bad as i think information technology might embody. maybe i just felt sorry for the actors, or maybe 1 think it could stimulate been decent if the studio hadn ' t started tinkering with the manager ' s (walter mound) final cut, causing him to require his name removed. maybe i ' mib becoming a softie. in any case, i didn ' t bump " supernova " as bad as the advance buzz would have pine tree state believe. but it ' sulfur withal bad. the plastic film takes place aboard the medical blank vessel " nightingale. " the crew include captain a. watt second. robert nesta marley (robert forster ), his new 2d officer nick vanzant (james spader ), head medical officer kaela evers (angela bassett ), aesculapian technicians yerzy penalosa (lou diamond phillips) and danika lund (robin tunney ), and computer technician benj sotomejor (wilson cruz ). there be some attempts at " characterization, " but whole that means is that nick has a shady yesteryear involving a drug addiction, which puts kaela on edge, yerzy and danika experience a relationship that requires them to make kissy - faces at each other every five spot minutes, and benj (patently gay) is in passion with the computer (apparently female ). don ' t expect any more than account, because you won ' t find it. in any event, the crew gets a distraint call from a placement trench in blank space to which a failed mining operation had been sent. during the attribute saltation (i think that ' s what information technology ' s called, just don ' t hold me to information technology ), the captain personify killed and the man who send the distress signal (peter facinelli) be brought on board. he calls himself troy larson, making him the supposed son of a military man kaela in one case had a kinship with. then a bunch of really predictable stuff set off happening. have you seen " foreign? " accept you seen " event visible horizon " (a square movie in its own right )? well. then you ' ve realise " supernova. " mail service - production cut or not, there is nothing original astir this screenplay, and nothing irregular either. after all, no one ' southward move to think for a second that troy gain ground ' t change by reversal out to be a villain. but the bigger problem with " supernova " be that information technology can ' t just joint to the simple plot it ' southward afforded. legion re - writes (the script may be credited to three people, but information technology ' s a unadulterated underreckoning) have crammed this thin 90 - minute film with tons of extraneous plot screw thread that all remain developing. was there something about a lameness robot mold like a fighter pilot burner? did the ship ' s computer see something about mankind? what was that glowing lava lamp artifact troy weight brought on add in with him? and hardly what does the film ' s title signify, if anything? as far as one can tell, it concern to a real small game detail that isn ' tetraiodothyronine developed, just alike the sleep of these unnecessary story element. character relationships in this plastic film also cause very small sense. for some reason, every mortal in this film keeps experience sex. we get an unusually other sexual urge scene between phillips and gene tunney within the first 10 minutes. bassett and spader ' s character start cancelled hating each other. fifteen minutes and one bottleful of pear brandy after, they ' re engaging in some hankie - panky. when troy the creepy stranger demonstrate upward on the ship, of course both female bunch members will descend in love with him. every individual shift in character interaction happen extremely on the spur of the moment, which is entirely i of the many obvious clue to how much this film has been cut. the virtually salient example, nevertheless, whitethorn be the fact that when the film starts, there are no give credits! furthermore, the end of the film look like they took what be originally intended to follow the first step credit entry and spliced them in right wing before the real end credits. peradventure that ' s why the film ' s title is note twice during the end mention, decent between james spader and robert forster. right after you get over the shock of not being told what movie you ' re experience (lest you decide to take the air out upon making that discovery ), you might notice that the motion picture seems to have dropped you right in the middle of a scene, with little - to - no introduction to any of the character or situations. the balance of the movie feels similar they skipped over the middle stuff in the fibre changes (you know, where they explain things) and just went from point a to point b. detail a: danika equal soundly enamored of yerzy and is ready to have his baby. gunpoint b: tunney be now shagging troy and yerzy is remarkably obsess with the lava lamp thing. doesn ' thyroxin make sense. since atomic number 53 didn ' t understand anything about these character ' motivations, did i care when troy short starts murdering them one and only - by - ace (and atomic number 2 does, knock cancelled three of them in about 10 minutes )? not a shred. it ' s a shame, because this cast contains a spate of gifted worker look for something to do. they wear ' t find it. bassett and spader say every line in the same monotone articulation with the same vacuous expressions on their face. intimate tension? more comparable constipation. maybe they ' re precisely hinder at having to verbalise such howlers as " this thing live made by person more brawny than god and a whole lot less nice. " not that we ever witness out who that is, judgement you. the sexual climax of their kinship (taking place in a transport pod) be probably the picture ' s bad forehead - slapper. as troy, peter facinelli dwell the most obvious scoundrel in chronicle that no one ever suspected. he ' s awfully one - note, but information technology ' s non as if helium ' s given any to a greater extent note to work with. the rest of the mould does even less. gene tunney stands around looking cute, then dash. phillips brood. cruz dalliance with the computer. and then they all die and a star blows up or something, but i very wasn ' liothyronine pay much attention by and then. " supernova " is pretty awful, merely atomic number 53 ' molar concentration cutting it a picayune slack water merely because iodine expected less than what i got. that ' s it. if you wait it to make up unspoiled (for whatever reasons you may have ), you ' ll probably hate information technology more than i leave. even the particular effects are fairly unimpressive, cipher you haven ' t fancy before, and suffice to say the playscript isn ' t going to carry through the movie. honestly, though, what execute you expect from a film with about a 12 writer and a director who take his name removed and replaced with a anonym? it unremarkably results in a unsound movie, and that ' s what " supernova " is. 