an try at florida film noir, palmetto fails at the most profound levels. it ' s ho hum moving, uninvolving, and plain just uninteresting. harry barber (woody harrelson) be an ex - newspaper man, precisely out of gaol after being framed for a criminal offence. his luck hasn ' t cost the good, but thing are appear up when a secret woman, nandu malroux (elisabeth shue ), approaches him with a proposal. she wants harry to help her and her stepdaughter, odette (chloe sevigny ), pull turned a fake kidnapping system to get $ five hundred, 000 out of her stingy, but rich, husband felix (rolf hoppe ). at first, all harry is expect to do is provide a ominous voice on the phone, and to take in the money (of which helium gets to keep 10% ). just, as the deed personify carried out, things are non what they appear, and harry gets caught in the ensuing storm. palmetto force out all the stop to reach a film noir film, but the effect never quite comes together. it ' s got the sultry florida rut, seductive char, and still curvier plot of ground twist, but the whole matter olfactory property of paint - by - numbers. sure, the right ingredients are in that location, but the end result embody a lot excessively contrived. a lot of the problems lie in with the playscript, which, though providing some genuine surprise, is packed entire of leaden dialog and bland situations. still the plot writhe don ' mt seem to flow well with the relaxation of the narrative. some of them, for example, descend from so far afield that they seemingly only defecate sense because the writer needed a twist (for example: harry ' s spontaneous job offer, or the unscathed typewriter berth ). the characters are mostly lifeless, wreak to type, but non a lot more. woody harrelson play harry with such imbecilic thick - headedness that it ' s hard to even picture him as an ex - diarist. elisabeth shue vamps it upward, only doesn ' t add anything special to the character. chloe sevigny render a unspeakable performance, trying to be a aphrodisiacal xvii - year old, simply she just leaves a bad mouthful in your mouth. some of the supporting cast (notably gina gershon and michael rapaport) spring stronger, but, in the end, meaningless performance. and to pinch it off, the pacing of the movie is a good deal too dull. as the movie grinds to a stoppage, you ' re contribute too much meter to wonder why you ' re wasting it watching palmetto. if you ' re in the humour for this type of pic, you ' d be a good deal dependable off operate out and renting some authoritative film noir. 