". .. because iodine ' k a scientist. that ' s what we do! " - - - dr. horse parsley mccabe (bob gunton ), in reception to why he create evil bats. alright folks, kibosh me if you ' ve heard this one: genetically altered brute wreak mayhem on a town and a small band of locals, assist by a specialist in the particular animal ' s field, must team up up to stop the mutant creatures before they can multiply and spread across the earth. oh yea, the armed services be on their way to bomb the townsfolk as easily, so they are pass suddenly on time. auditory sensation familiar? such is the plot of the finish film release of bat. dina meyer stars as the " chiropteran specializer " sheila, who is rive from her research (along with her annoying brother, played with irritating deftness by leon) in order to help a small texas town figure out why some local citizen and animals have been chew to death lately. with the help of the local sheriff (lou diamond phillips ), a cdc official (carlos jacott ), and a scientist (bob gunton ), sheila discovers it is indeed bats (who have be genetically altered by gunton ' s lineament to personify to a greater extent aggressive and omnivorous, in order to be used as a military weapon! ). one hold to say here that i knew incisively what i was getting into going into this film. in that location ' atomic number 16 non a frame of promotional footage one have seen for the moving picture that would have led me to believe information technology was going to be any good. in this deference, the film ne'er disappointed maine. this film reaches a level that top the " so big it ' s respectable " level and borders on the downright insane. the effects cost awful, the script is contrived, and for most of the feature atomic number 53 was laughing at thing that be say to live take seriously (i think ). i challenge anyone to seat done the view, where a bat stalk a child in a crib while another bat terrorizes a patron eating at a dining compartment, with a true face. thankfully, the performance be as good as they can exist considering the material the actors bear to do with. dina meyer has always be the highlighting of any of the films she has make up in (johnny mnemonic, dragonheart, and starship troopers. .. the latter embody the just film stunned of that batch with any real merit ), and this one is no exception. while one never really get the impression that meyer ' s character could be a bat expert in world, one never truly cares to doubt information technology either. she gives as good a performance as could be expected, plus she ' s nice to expect at for an hr and a one half. lou adamant phillips be also serviceable here, as the small townspeople sheriff turned eventual hero. although when we first meet his eccentric atomic number 2 knows bat are the reason for what ' s going on in town, for some reason later on he suddenly turn amazed to get a line that the actual effort of the deaths in townspeople are because of bats. the only bad performance in the film is that of leon ' siemens. he constitute relegated to the " i ' m non mystify around here! " character and proceeds to repeat variations of that tune for the bulk of the moving picture show even though helium abide. anyone world health organization fundament ' t instantly tell that bob gunton (the bad guy in patch adams and countless other films) is going to eventually wrick on the gang and side with his creations before his towering death will probably follow surprised, but i highly doubt it. even if he hadn ' tonne be the villain in just about every film he ' s of all time been in, so many obvious hints are given to indicate the devious act that information technology keep back no shock whatsoever. in fact, his death is welcome, because it finally pop moving the plot towards the finale. if the plot doesn ' t sound silly to you yet, then check proscribed these little titbit: a multitude of bats inexplicably disperse when a law officer prance his pistol. an entire town neglect the sheriff and physician ' s orders to remain indoors after a curfew embody set off, cause mass fury when the bats come out in full military group, killing several town. a government functionary muff cancelled shelia ' s instructions (to wait until dawn to install a cooling unit in the bat ' cave that will pop all of them murder) by pull a night line of work, resulting in the death of an entire military unit. a cavern full of bat faecal matter ne'er ignites when a phosphorus flash be lit right in the centre of it. finally, to top information technology all off, this little texas township is render nosferatu in it ' s single screen theater (for reference, our town has concluded a million people in information technology with nearly 150 movie screens, and we ' re lucky to yet get kevin smith ' s dogma ). the virtually amusing part of the movie though come from the ill - conceive bat puppets. while the actual cricket bat fire scenes are shot with rapid fire editing (making the scenes almost unimaginable to comprehend what ' s going on ), the prospect where a bat is called upon to interact with a live actor be usually shot more than low - key. therefore we the audience get loving stuffy - ups of the most unrealistic, rubberlike bat puppets ever invest to film. be capable to see the puppeteer ' s arms would be the solitary things that could receive make water these creations bad. after all of this, if you yet decide chiropteran might equal the moving picture for you, wear ' t say you haven ' t be warned. combine me when i say that it ' s a batch more play to scrap than information technology is to sit through. unity just wish that dina meyer would represent cast in more part or at least choose better films to appear in. she ' s definitely a talent that is go to desolate in films alike these. 