plot: tokenish director alan smithee steal the alone copy of his film " trio " from the studio apartment, after they complete the " final deletion " without him. atomic number 2 jeopardize to combust the film reel if they do non allow him to keep his vision. review: wow. iodin really fire ' t remember the last time a picture sucked on so many stratum! the " comedy " in this motion picture show live pathetic, obvious and dated (oj simpson jest galore ). the plot is uninteresting, boring and spoiled. the structure of the film be annoying, repetitive and ostentatious. the acting exist jolly bad, specially jackie chan, who can ' t act to save up his life. the cameos are gimpy and seem forced, and the end blows chunks. all in all, this motion picture show consider itself to be a clever, humourous and edgy flavor behind the closed doorway of hollywood, simply comes across as a boring, stupefied and all unentertaining piece of shite. atomic number 53 have a go at it to catch flick about hollywood shenanigans, just this one bites the big one. see it if you like to watch really uncollectible movies, otherwise skip it, because it will just have you hat every adept that defecate an appearing in it. luckily for us all, this mess only survive astir lxxx min, and miramax honcho harvey weinstein plays a lead - faced tec. by the agency, is there any ground why the studio operating theater the manufacturer couldn ' t have cut another edition of the film by the direction of altogether the filmed stock that was left over? world health organization know, who cares, this " sarcasm " sucks the dish. petty known fact astir this film and its star: ironically, the original director of this moving picture show, arthur hiller, also quest his name make up taken off the credits and replaced by the dga ' s alan smithee moniker. this was after the picture show ' siemens production ship's company, cinergi pictures, preferred the cutting made by producer / author joe eszterhas to his. the original script of this film included arnold schwarzenegger and bruce willis. eszterhas declare through the media during post - production that cinergi pictures didn ' t have the money to pay for soundtrack. he sound out that he would finance the soundtrack from his ain money and ask to submit tracks for it to him. he received nine, two hundred candle and cassette from by and large unknown and unsigned artist, listened to all that was broadcast (at least a duo of tracks from each record) and compiled the soundtrack. this film practically sail the " razzie awards " in 1999, given extinct to the bad of all movie categories of the year, with no less than the " worst word painting " award, the " worst screenplay " (joe eszterhas ), the " worst supporting actor " (joe eszterhas ), the " bad fresh star " (joe eszterhas tied with jerry springer) and the " worst original song " (" i wanna be mike ovitz! " as write by joe eszterhas ). 