vegas holiday live the fourth film starring chevy following and beverly d ' angelo as the heads of the hapless griswold family. as with the other trinity film, their 2 children, rusty and audrey, are play by a revolving series of actors. this prison term ethan embry and marisol nichols fill the roles. also rearwards, is cousin eddie (horny quaid ), the slob relative who seems to make for problem wherever he expire. in vegas holiday clark griswold (chase) decides to take the kinfolk on holiday to las vegas so that he and married woman ellen (viosterol ' angelo) give the sack renew their hymeneals vow. information technology personify at this point when comedy is supposed to result. plainly the filmmakers think that putting the griswolds into las vegas would be so funny on its ain that they wouldn ' mt fuss to write any jokes into the handwriting. at least that ' s the way information technology look when watching this turkey. about half way through vegas vacation i began to accept serious doubts as to whether on that point would actually be a single laugh in the entire film, since there have be none upwards to that peak. by the goal of the movie i had in reality snickered a couple of times, and i had smiled at a couple of jest. ace power bring that none of the funny story (and i use the term loosely) moments came as a result of anything chase, five hundred ' angelo operating room quaid equal involved in. they mightiness equally well hold stayed home for as much as they contributed to this film. the 2 best things in this movie were ethan embry and marisol nichols as the griswold thomas kyd, who manage to have a couple of their own adventures. hoary become a vegas high roll, supply most of the moving picture show ' s best moments. every time pursual and quaid were involved in a jape, information technology just stimulate it more and more unmistakable that they should have stopped this series after the third motion picture. which brings me to the best moment of the film. the griswolds personify drive down the highway and holiday route (the theme from the original vacation) lead off to play. dame agatha mary clarissa christie brinkley and her carmine ferrari (also from the first movie) drive by. it was a precious second, but all it really serve was remind me just how funny the initiatory picture had exist, and just how far that this series has fallen. too big. 