wyat earp details thirty - five twelvemonth in the biography of same from around 1865 to 1900. after seeing the movie velocity double recently, iodin preserve thinking that i was seeing wyatt ' s life passport before my eyes in real time. this movie was boring, dumb, drilling, and slow. there were a few scenes that adjudicate to be great scenes that tried besides concentrated and just fell flat. the script happily woman - bash only also tries to sound similar an lxxx movie. they cannot have it both path. " one now pronounce you conserve and wife. " sure, they said that in the 1800s. " enterpriser. " sure. every snatch of male - ego - stroking dialogue that sir thomas wyat ' s third wife speaks to him made me sick to hear to information technology. " buckeye state, the script was written by deuce military personnel? " " no kidding! " the motion picture show is torture to sit through with. the scenery embody boring. the fades were either ill at ease or cliche or to self authoritative. can you say wretched editing? everyone see ugly in this movie. when you shoot citizenry from nether their kuki, they front like they have double chins. kevin costner has never front worse. he should process. he looks alike he gained the 43 pound that dennis quaid lost. dennis quaid cost marvelous. if you get to see this movie just for his performance, go into the theatre at the movie ' s halfway mark. doc holliday (quaid ' s grapheme) shows up at about the ninety - minute mark. gene hackman is really good. is he in the cite? i don ' t remember seeing his public figure. mare winningham make the ripe of a small role as sir thomas wyat ' s second wife. annabeth gish is good as james wyatt ' southward first wife. ace though that jamie gertz played wyatt ' s third wife, but i later heard that her name be joanna go. she calculate peachy but her dialogue sucks. she also seems direction to young for costner. costner seem way to old for 90% of this movie. in his first vista he is supposed to equal about nineteen years old. yeah, right. catherine type o ' hara and jobeth williams be always good and totally wasted here. this be the unfit movie that i have seen in year. the utmost action at law hero was better that this. go image maverick if you require to see a western. bullets for dennis quaid ' s performance simply. 