ever feel you ' re spending your whole spirit on the final (ouch! ), eating, breathing and pass web site? that your most meaningful relationships are embody formed on the last? that you get your good sexuality on the net? if first - sentence director hal salwen could shoot an total movie of characters type at their computers, he would. as it is, he settles for eccentric talking on the phone. denise calls upwards is a motion picture show for and astir the electronic generation, where type are too caught up with their body of work and insecurities prefer to live out their family relationship and fantasies on the speech sound. it ' s a caustic remark - and a sometimes funny one - about how we let handphones, call in - wait and answering machines ladder our aliveness. the trouble: denise calls up represent a movie about an idea. a darn salutary one, simply even an fourscore minute - long idea. and despite salwen ' reciprocal ohm attempt at plots and sub - plots, despite some genuinely funny instant, you commode omen the moving picture show ' s outcome within the maiden xv minutes. you get the drift after a serial publication of shots of characters explaining all over the phone why they all couldn ' deoxythymidine monophosphate constitute it for a party - nobody is going to be meeting anybody in this celluloid, they would rather equal talking on the speech sound. hither ' s salwen ' s plot: while altogether the theatrical role are in a dysfunctional, telefixated limbo, loud quirky stranger denise calls upward martin to announce that she is fraught with his tiddler, courtesy of the spermatozoan he donated to the local bank. as dino paul crocetti progresses from slam the phone on her to long phone conversation over the baby ' s name, his friend - and his friends ' ally - get involved, courtesy of call - waiting and double - lines. in the tigher and more cod sub - plot, barbara and kraut be set up on a blind date that neither turns upward for. both profess to get too complicated schedules to ever so meet, but they get it going ended the phone. with repeated phone sex come a glitch; what if the early person be simply manipulate information technology? denise calls up scores with some inspired moment. mouselike barbara metamorphoses into a vamp over her cordless, everyone shares the excitement of denise ' s delivery through with a league call to her handphone, and barbara ' s best friend gale is killed in a car accident while taling animatedly into another friend ' s answer machine. ( as gale ' s overly - chatty auntie recounts, her cordless was knicked into her ear and lodged in her brain. ) but these here and now are not plenty to sustain the movie. the stride sag, the dialogue drags and not much acting appears to be required of the telephone - tout. and the end is literally a non - upshot as expected, everyone is too chickenhearted to turn up for the company wiener throws in gale ' s computer memory despite promising terminated the phone that they leave. we get the stage. the movie appear to be design on welt its terribly - ' 90s statement until they deliver it coming out of your capitulum. pun mean. there ' second yet a on the movie ' s web site where you can win cellular phones (as if we haven ' mt suffer enough of these things already ). see the motion picture show only if you find information technology philosophy compelling enough for a earful. the flying inkpot ' entropy rating system of rules: * time lag for the video. * * a little creaky, but yet good than stay at home plate with gotcha! * * * fairly adept, fetch a friend. * * * * amazing, stiff material. * * * * * idol. see information technology twice. 