learn an advanced masking of the movie sniper last night, and i take to say i wasn ' t too impressed. this film is about an skilful marine sniper, played by tom berenger, world health organization be teamed with a live - shot - young - no - experience - ne'er - killed - a - man new partner to subscribe tabu some drug - kingpins and military strong man in panama. sound banality? that ' s exclusively the outset. billy zane (memphis belle) played the rookie, and never seemed to get a hold on his quality. he was so contrary and pig - headed in the beginning, you simply wanted to smell him. then he pop off " crazy " from the press, but seems to forthwith snap out of information technology. one ' m not trusted if the rap should lie with the directing, editing, scriptwriting, operating theater acting. .. just it didn ' t all come together. atomic number 53 intend berenger is a pretty good thespian, and he looked great in the part, hide in camo, human face painted, stalking through the hobo camp with his high - power rifle. .. only at one time again, his role be give some pretty bad dialogue, and didn ' t react too logically to many of the situations. there was rattling short logical exploitation in these characters. my braggy problem with this film personify information technology ' s tendency to put these two sniper in as * many * inches - from - death situations as possible. they start to resemble g. iodin. joes, the greatest american hero. and of course their nigh supernatural accuracy with their guns was called upon to get them out of far overly many close birdsong. like a shot a lot of movies are stamp prohibited of this mold, in fact that ' s what made die hard so much fun: the crack - italian sandwich avenger type. so some will enjoy the activity torpedo heroic meter, but i didn ' t think it suit with the nice stress that was make up in the earlier scenes, and the " real life " tone of covert performance in panama. a word mustiness be tell on the camera work, much of information technology be very skillful. the jungles of panama (operating room their tie up - ins in this case) work a real picturesque background. .. and the play of hasten bullet was capture using some nice trick photography. many have see the slowed down pat " fastball - cam " following the projectile to it target. this was habituate well in the beginning to indicate the febrile nightmares berenger gets when think the import of the kill. it be spectacular when used in flashback. .. but it seems the director like the proficiency so practically atomic number 2 started inserting these shots (excuse the pun) into the existent clip action. .. then information technology just seemed silly. all in all, not a genuine dog: on that point embody some squeamish action, sound atmosphere, and pretty photography. but the plot is pretty square, the acting didn ' t configuration a cohesive unit, and far too much thisclosefromdeath heroic. 