this comprise my first review that i post to this newsgroup, and one kind of feel like i get to say something disconfirming about this film. no one else seems to worry that it direct certain liberties that should non be take with a historical story. however, even if one believe of it as fiction, " the prince of egypt " remains shallow. only i ' ll begin from the kickoff. the biggest difference between the original, biblical tale and this interlingual rendition be that moses sustain some semblance of divinity in the bible, whereas the animated version give the impression of a loath hero. perchance it ' s only me, but if i know i had god on my side, i ' d consume a footling piece more confidence. there be early differences as considerably, such as a lack of important female type and the going over of the original pharoah ' s death similar it ' s nothing but a thing. most of all, though, the tale ' s focus hold transfer. rather than being a report about father - logos, valet - ethnicity, man - graven image, " the prince of egypt " is nigh solely astir the brother - pal kinship between rameses and moses. i was originally excite astir this story component until i saw the flick, where information technology came off as maudlin. rameses and moses squabble similar child and then, in the interests of peace, moses save rameses ' bottom, yet though moses was the i who started it. .. * yawn * i didn ' tonne charge any longer by the time moses ran forth for murdering an overseer (which, of course, never happened in the original account - moses be expatriate ). merely enough about the differences. let ' s talk astir the pic itself. it feature a anna mary robertson moses world health organization, in the interest of making the reference more human, lacks any divinity whatsoever, which isn ' t convincing at all to anyone who know who god is. it features a cooky - ship's boat " i - wanna - please - dada " rameses, who at least be given self worth by the voicework of ralph fiennes (from schindler ' s list, among former thing ). the film also features an extremely annoying character by way of the " modern - improved " miriam, voice by the ever so - antsy sandra bullock, even though the most irritating matter about her equal her trend to abound into song for no apparent reason (here bullock is replaced by a singing voice ). speaking of which, it moderate * real * annoying euphony. it arrest shallow writing. it features extraordinary animation, which follow unmatchable honest thing i can say astir this picture. most of all, it carry an attempt to commercialize, homogenize, and mass - marketplace a story about a manifestation of god. i be not christian, but i got the impression of blasphemy. the writers and producers took a butcher knife and chop - chop into the tale. 