a extremely thinking spirit form that be completely electronic in nature, beams itself onto a russian scientific discipline vessel. good, this is the point where the movie strays from becoming a comme il faut and original movie and just get a predictable sci - fi thriller. anyhow, this animation frame takes control of the electronic computer on the russian vessel then starts creating highly advanced robots to help information technology in it macabre task of exterminating the? virus ' known as man. the original gang of the russian vessel is all but eradicate, and then a hapless work party on a tugboat discover the derelict ship and endeavor to save it. no to a greater extent need to be said as to what happens and where the conflict consist, the movie is that predictable. the storey is good of very shallow characters that don ' deoxythymidine monophosphate do much other than subsist. the police captain of the towboat, played by donald dame joan sutherland, makes irrational choice after irrational choice leaving the audience wondering as to how he take in survived long plenty to turn over his age (looks to be in his sixty ' s ). to tot to this we ' re shown this mixed bag crew that at times seems to be highly skilled in specific fields, and at others seems barely capable of basic tasks. some of the supposed capabilities of the characters lead unmatchable to inquire what they are doing on a towboat enthral cargo in the centre of the pacific, in a typhoon no less. none of the characters look to work in concert at all; they are always bicker and vying for some grade of control. this makes no sense what so ever and alone takes out from the report, a story that is full of hole and is extremely predictable. all the flaws of the factual narration follow only helped along by the special effects. the waves that constitute generated to be part of the typhoon realise it look same boat be is little role model sitting in a tub and someone be simply creating wave. it looks genuinely fake, granted trying to recreate a typhoon or hurricane cannot be easy by any stretch of the imagination but have the storm coming in a fashion similar to the immense waving of inscrutable impact only when terminate up looking corny and amateurish. too on the topic of flaws, the robotics that the advanced life form make seem to move extremely lento, wherefore? if this life form that cost so advanced as to cost able to produce these robotics, should it non embody able bodied to produce them move faster? regardless, the special effects in this movie in many cases bring away from the film instead than add to information technology. as to the factual casting for the movie, lastly on that point is nothing to complain about. the actors were brilliant, but and so again information technology is extremely doubtful that chimpanzee would have get difficulty acting the roles. having the plaster cast that was present in all likelihood saved this movie from be an absolute catastrophe. look out these actors act this story out do it bearable, if hardly. the unmatched saving grace of this moving picture show is that information technology make up highly action packed and there always seemed to be something happening. so if you are going into this movie not expecting to see anything grand and are only if going to vote out some time and watch a mediocre sci - fi thriller then you get ahead ' t be overly disappointed. as the movie be but the up to the minute in a music genre that comprise originally create by aliens, it does little more than than try to john cash in on that aspect. this movie would be unspoiled left for picture and even then you might be advised to only wait for nonpareil of the major electronic network to air information technology on tv. 