star war: ? sequence i - - the phantom threat (1999 ) director: george iii lucas cast: liam neeson, ewan mcgregor, natalie portman, jake lloyd, ian mcdiarmid, samuel l. jackson, oliver ford davy, terence stamp, pernilla aug, weenie oz, ahmed best, kenny baker, anthony daniels screenplay: george lucas manufacturer: rick mccallum runtime: 131 fukkianese. united states of america distribution: 20th century dodger rated pg: meek violence, thematic element copyright 1999 nathaniel r. atcheson a fellow critic formerly state his belief that a reviewer should non speak of himself in his own review. i ' ve attempted to obey this rule in recent calendar month, but to serve so would equal impossible in this case. the fact is, almost every person who goes to see to it the phantom threat brings luggage in with them. the original mavin wars trilogy means so much to so many people. for me, they calibrated my creativity as a child; they are masterful, original works of art that mix moving stories with what were astonishing special effect at the time (and they nevertheless hold up jolly darn well ). i am too unseasoned to deliver seen asterisk wars in the theater during its original release, but that doesn ' t make pine tree state any less give to it. on the contrary, the star state of war trilogy - - and the imperium strikes rearwards in particular - - be three items on a very short listing of wherefore i love movies. when i heard that george lucas would be making the inaugural trilogy in the nine - photographic film serial, i get choke. when i first saw screenshots from the picture show, considerably concluded a year ago, i embarked on a year - long drool of prediction. and when the first previews comprise released final blessing, ace was ready to visualise the film. but then there was the ballyhoo, the insane marketing campaign, and lucasfilm ' s secretive snobbishness terminated the word picture. in the lowest week before the picture opened, while multitudes of fans waited outside of theaters and stood in the boiling sunday clarence day in advance just to be the first one in the theater, i was tired of hearing about it. i be tired of seeing composition board cutting - outs of the character whenever i pass to kfc or taco bell. i exactly wanted to see the movie. reader, dress not misunderstand. iodin did non have an anti - plug reaction. the hoopla was unavoidable. i understand and accept the hoopla - - information technology ' s just what come about when the prequel to the most widely beloved films of all time get free. five minute into the phantom menace, i knew there was a job. " who equal these jedi knight? " i postulate. " why are they churning out moth eaten dialog with political machine - gun celerity? " " wherefore aren ' t these character being develop before their risky venture? " " why is there a special effect shoot in nearly every skeletal system of the total film? " these were just some of my interrogation too soon on. after, i asked, " where ' s the illusion of the first troika films? " and " why be i looking at my sentinel every 15 minutes? ' by the remainder of the pic, i was tired, madden, and depressed. george lucas has funneled his own fantastic motion picture into a pointless, mindless, summertime blockbuster. the phantom menace be no star wars picture. take away the title and the jedi talk and the force, and you ' re go forth with what is easy one of the most vacuous particular result movies of all time. it ' s an embarrassment. iodine looked urgently for a scene in which a quality is search, or a new theme be probe, or a exceptional effects shot international relations and security network ' t apply. on that point be a few of each, but they ' re all token attempts. the fact is, saint george lucas has create what is at the same time an abysmally spoilt excuse for a movie and a pretty good show window for digital effects. this is not what unity wanted to see. i didn ' t need to leave the apparition menace with a headache and a bitter sense of taste in my mouth, merely i practise. the story center mostly around qui - gon jinnee (liam neeson, looking lost and confused) and his prentice, obeah - wan kenobi (ewan mcgregor, who scarcely have a line in the photographic film) and their attempts to liberate the people of the major planet naboo. naboo is the victim of a bureaucratic war with the trade federation; their liaison on naboo is queen amidala (natalie portman ), the teenage ruler world health organization truly cares for her people. after picking up jar jounce binks (a completely cgi character, voiced by ahmed best ), they head to tatooine, where they meet immature anakin skywalker (jake lloyd) and his mother (pernilla august ). qui - gon knows that the force is strong with youthful anakin, and thus the jedi knight submit the boy with them on their journeys. the defective guy be darth maul and darth sidious, neither of whom have adequate lines to record as characters. there isn ' t anything particularly wrong with this narrative when look at it in precis form. the way lucas has handled information technology, all the same, information technology unsatisfactory. firstly of all, we don ' t learn single single matter about qui - gon jinn. not matchless thing. what was his life corresponding before this film? considerably, one imagine atomic number 2 didn ' t have one. that ' s why helium feel alike a plot device. this probably explains wherefore neeson look indeed hopeless in the role, and why he ' s recently retired from motion picture (i don ' t blame him, candidly ). obi - wide area network, a character iodine was very await forward to learning more about, is even to a lesser extent interesting. mcgregor have just a few lines, so anyone hoping to escort the engaging young actor in a great carrying into action is urged to face elsewhere. since these two piece are the focus of the fantasm menace, lucas have served atomic number 92 a bad emotional nullity as the centerpiece of his movie. thing start to pick up when our characters reach tatooine; young anakin is perhaps the lonesome in truth flesh - out fiber in the film, and lloyd does a heedful caper with the role. i was besides hugely impressed with the sand speeder shot; rarely be an action sequence so fast and thence exciting. and when anakin says goodbye to his female parent, unity establish it moving. besides fairly good is portman, and she manages to give a piffling depth to a graphic symbol where no depth have been written. jar jar binks is one of the most annoying type i ' ve of all time had to endure, but he ' s to a greater extent interesting than most of the humans. as shortly as the relatively - brief segment on tatooine be over, it ' s back to the mind - blunt special effects and depthless activity scene. i ' ve discover many pic that qualify as " peculiar effects extravaganzas, " but the phantom menace is the first one i ' ve seen that had me sick of the peculiar gist 15 minutes into the film. the rationality is obvious: george lucas give no simpleness. i arse ' t say that i didn ' t find the effects original, because i did - - the last battle between darth maul, obi - wide area network, and qui - gon be visually exceptional, as is most of the film. but iodine also found the effects deaden and tiresome. my breaking point was near the end of the moving picture, as anakin is get questioned by yoda and the other jedi masters; in the background, we see 100 of digital spaceships flying around through a digital sky, and i wanted that to go away. derriere ' t we make one stinking scene that isn ' t bursting at the seems with a extra personal effects scoot? 1 got so nauseated of looking at the cgi characters and spaceships and planets and backgrounds that unity really just wanted to lead outside and feel at a forcible landscape for a few time of day. and then thither ' s the question of illusion. what was mislay in the sixteen days between the phantasma menace and return key of the jedi? ace have a feeling that george lucas was thus focused on how his pic looked that he forget entirely the way it should feel. john thomas lanier williams ' familiar score is no assist, nor be lucas ' direction. i think it comes in good order down to characters: there represent none hither. i longed for the magnetized presence of han dynasty, luke, and leia, just i cause no such matter. and what astir the derisory expectations? mine weren ' t that high; i simply want a flick that showed me the roots of the films that i grow up loving, a story that had a few theatrical role and a few great particular consequence. instead, ane got two hr and fifteen minutes of a lifeless and imaginative data processor graphics evidence. i preceptor ' t hate the spectre threat as much as i resent it: i ' d like to forget that information technology survive, and yet i can ' t. it ' southward hither to stay. i can only hope that episodes ii and iii have something of substance in them, because if they wear ' t, then lucas volition have pull off the impossible task of destroying his ain perdurable serial publication. 