precis: a novelist struggling with his in vogue work buys a weird brain with a protruding orb case in a jarful. the brain exerts information technology evil influence upon the novelist and his secretary, while his married woman disapproves. in the meantime, a loanword shark in need of a shave tries to leave his profession. comments: why be this picture called possessed by the nox? it ' s knockout to ruminate. most of this film take place during the sidereal day, and the only affair possessing anyone is an gooey, pulsating, bubbling brain thingie in a jolt. in compositor's case you haven ' metric ton foot up on this yet, possessed by the night be a bottom - of - the - barrel " thriller " (i use the term " thriller " loosely here) which is really cheap and high risk. the plot, which sounds like a cheesy pulp skill fiction story from the 1950s, actually suffice one design: to overwork au naturel cleaning woman as frequently as possible. writing a movie follow up for a flick like this proves oddly challenging. there ' entropy really not much to order. the acting is lousy; although, now and then, the attempt at acting are so laughable that they garner a chuckle or two from the interview. most humourous is outspoken sivero, who play murray, the novelist ' s agent. he is so frightful in this role that one can ' t assistance only be amuse. the patch sucks. virtually one half the film be devoted to a loser loanword shark who wants out of the professing, even though he has only limited relevance to the film as a whole. the dialog stinks. a loanword shark, for instance, tells another how a great deal he loves bimbos, which is something the audience in truth doesn ' liothyronine need to fuck. everything about possess by the dark is 2d rate, even the film credits. as the names of the not - so - talented picture crew scroll by at the end, joseph scales came up, credited as being " assistsant to foley creative person. " somebody could have used an editor! to follow honest, the film is basically an excuse to scud head on nakedness and prove some sex scenes. playboy playfellow shannon tweed, after all, comprise the headliner here. i suppose that if one wanted this kind of affair, he would wish this picture. wherefore did i give this turkey deuce stars and not one? as a uncollectible movie, information technology is unintentionally funny enough to keep someone passingly concerned in the film. if you feel own to see possessed by the nighttime, however, i ' d recommend you exorcise this impulse and take in something else. 