i ' mb turn over this stinker. usually, the worst that iodine would ever rate a picture would be. but the total waste of clip that is blazing saddleback is, compounded by the fact that this flick be incredibly noisome, help me follow to the braggart goose egg. i ' megabyte non sure what the blaze mel brooks was think when he made this thing, oregon if he live still thinking at all. mayhap in mel ' s little nous a equus caballus being knocked unconscious because of a punch to the face is peculiar. in mine, information technology ' s not. or possibly mel graduated from the spike lee schooling of filmmaking. because entirely the self - righteous richard henry lee uses the n - bible to a greater extent often in his films than brooks did in this one. at least lighthorse harry lee has the smarts to agnise that nobody cost going to find that term amusing. brooks bandies it about corresponding helium figures the audience will constitute rolling in the aisles every metre they hear it. wrong mel! i would hollo you a boob mel, but that insults breasts everywhere. this idiotic attempt at a comedy centers on the malefic lieutenant governor ' sulphur (harvey korman) attempts to clear up come out a township so he rear corrupt up the land cheap and sell it to the railroad. helium sends his goons to run the townspeople tabu. but the town charm to the governor (mel brook in single of many uninspired, and unfunny roles) to send them a unexampled sheriff to protect them. the governor pawn the labor cancelled to korman ' s character hedley lamarr. ( i force out tell you are roll off your hot seat the right way now just thought process of all the humor in that name. ) lamarr decides to post the town a black sheriff (gasp) in the hopes that the town will represent so disgusted at the prospect of a black human being living among them that they will all only allow for. detainment on, i ' ve beget to stop while these gales of laughter pass. information technology ' s but too funny. racism passing as wit - - gosh why didn ' t anybody always reckon of that one before? oh postponement, i think somebody might sustain - - they are call the klan. i ' mebibyte non calling brooks a racialist - - merely i be call him an insensitive bastard who wouldn ' t know what was funny if it off him over the headspring. but i digress. anyway, the bootleg sheriff ride into township amid a flurry of townspeople using the n - word. golly, will the mirthfulness just never end? helium end up joining forces with a drunk (gene samuel wilder ), who go on to represent the former degraded gun in the west. unitedly, they bring through the day from evil. not one soul in this moving picture gives a decent carrying out. wilder reckon alike atomic number 2 is recover from a head injury for most of the movie, and korman looks embarrassed to exist a part of the movie. ok, helium really didn ' t - - simply he should have. the films asterisk cleavon niggling goes on with the disastrous jokes as if they be talk over the time of day. ace did non laugh once during this solid sorry experience. 1 admit to starting to snigger on a couple of occasions. actually, the ending begin to look as if information technology be going to have some hope, but alas, it ended up being equally lousy as the rest of the movie. i can say with total trust that blazing saddles have no redeeming qualities whatsoever. mel brooks would be act the populace a favour if he burn every last copy of this film. 