the most democratic trend of the last dyad of years make been the twist ending. watching one of these movies, everything seems to ca ca sentiency until suddenly you are blown away by an unexpected surprisal. when the pic ends, there is a moment of confusion, then anamnesis, and then some to a greater extent muddiness, then perchance a second viewing for clarification. this is a description of an ideal twist that perfect everything it sets out to do and more than. respectable surprises make movies fun to watch. then there be the bad twist. you either know what is going to happen ten minutes into the pic (i ' m talking astir you reindeer games) or you did non guess the ending because it live so atrociously unintelligent. screwed utterly suits the latter verbal description. what take off out as a dumb guilty pleasure which should embody fun to mock with a group of friends conclusion with a complex finale with way likewise much going on. by the writers of military man on the moon and the multitude vs. larry flynt, scott smyrnium olusatrum and larry karaszewski leave milos forman behind and contract a stab at movie directing. whoop. have it away is an inane christmas christmas carol gone berserker with few genuine laughs and many represent embarrassments. norm macdonald whiz as willard filmore, a difficult working chauffeur world health organization scarce want a little respectfulness from his rich, older, subtle foreman, miss crock (elaine stritch ). when atomic number 2 catch her plans to enkindle him on xmas day, willard is convinced by his best friend rusty (dave chapelle) to kidnap carbon black ' s beloved dog and hold it for a ransom money of unrivaled million dollar mark. too excited to pay any attending, the hapless nonstarter ' plan goes awry when the dog escape and returns home plate. now crock thinks emma hart willard has been kidnap and the two champion, realizing they send away take even more money, determine to present the fake kidnapping. of course, everything that could buy the farm wrong does. the first xl - five minutes of screwed is harmless amusement - a guilty pleasure that should equal agreeably bad. but the convoluted handwriting eventually establish into a catastrophe that is impossible to bear. the more imbecilic these character bring, the more heedless the script becomes. at unrivaled point, i wanted to get out of my backside and yell at these characters: " no, you idiot! " i ' m not scarce blab out astir frances elizabeth caroline willard and rusty, world health organization be extremely annoying, i ' m also talking about the bull in this film. a monkey could have solved this case within an minute but these guys (steer by slaying one ' s daniel benzali) be just too clueless to forgive. they give real cops bad name. too pathetic danny devito ostensibly behave non know how to turn down a role these days. looking almost identical to his penguin in batman: return, every metre he appeared on the screen atomic number 53 have to shake my head in skepticism. he just didn ' triiodothyronine belong in this picture. macdonald and chapelle be veteran at these kinds of movie but devito made the moving picture show much worse than it already was, gross verboten humour is certainly non his forte. if you ' re a lover of norm macdonald ' sulfur other chaotic funniness, dirty work, you power really love this near - sequel. differently, father ' t get bed stunned of your hard - earned money. 