one would opine that david duchovny, star of the religious cult favorite " decade - data file " would be rattling careful in choosing his leading man celluloid roles. at least one would hope then. one would be seriously incorrect. eugene sands (duchovny) is a sawbones so dedicated to his craft that he becomes hook to amphetamines to stay awake and make more. it turns out to be a uncollectible plan when he loses a patient and his permit while under the influence. 10 calendar month later, in a seedy stripe to mark synthetic heroin, the md gets a chance to ply his trade when assassins gun down a customer. using a plastic water feeding bottle and bar tube, sand operates and saves his liveliness. smalltime punk raymond prime (timothy hutton) is impressed with the cutlery skills on his fellow. he kidnap and and then offer down - and - out eugene a position in his organization. blossom call for a doctor to patch up up gunshot dupe that would be problematic at a hospital. sand ' s temptation is that this will give him a chance to exercise medicine again albeit lawlessly, big chunks of cash to fuel his substance abuse and close proximity to the gangster ' s womanfriend claire (angelina jolie ), this movie ' s infant factor. the would - constitute grownup time operator is desperately in need of help. on the run from russian mobsters (the bad guy wire that seem to be all the rage in this twelvemonth ' s films) and attempt to thin a literary pirate software mint with the formosan mafia, blossom is surrounded by blood. after a few medical mischance, the physician grows disenchant with his use. an meeting with a brace of psycho surfer dudes world health organization threaten to blow him aside unless he " fixes " their drained buddy cements his impression that he is in the incorrect bank line of work. when the fbi visit and forces him to get an informant, at that place is no question that helium needs to be somewhere else. oddly plenty, these seem like they could make up exciting scenes. the flick disproves that assumption. then a bunch of other uninteresting things find. spell this only two sidereal day after seeing the motion picture, its a battle to remember the events. you tin take that as a solid lack of recommendation. for whole the chilliness that duchovny exhibits in " ex - single file ", it ' s a surprisal that his big silver screen bearing is so lacking in charisma. the dr. is particularly bland and dull. even the cold blooded turkey second which is rife with dramatic possibilities hail across as banal. a minuscule chocolate and nonaged stew get him through heroin withdrawal. like nigh everything else in the picture, it ' s a missed opportunity. the fox mulder detachment doesn ' t oeuvre here. academy award - winner sir leonard hutton ' s manic mobster constitute much more difficult to vex a handle on. played partially for comedy and partly as crazed orca, blossom almost becomes real, merely then sinks into goofiness. most of the time hutton look as if helium ' s seek for his character and coming up empty. jolie also makes a few false movement towards create a three - dimensional human being before giving up and reverse into scene. the virtually interesting aspect of her performance be watching her pouty lips imperil to take over the screen. the relaxation aren ' thyroxin any better. michael massee ' s eccentric fbi agent ne'er revs upward. one of blossom ' s collaborator steal a few moments of the show as a kinky gunman reminiscent of val kilmer ' s md holliday in " tombstone ". his two - gunned blasting as he do a outre dance is the high point of the film. but that 15 seconds isn ' t worth sitting through with the early 90 arcminute. maiden metre photographic film director andy wilson (have sex for his work on the british television series " cracker ") appears to follow attempt to start on the " pulp fiction " bandwagon. the dear of these movies mix a sense of style and twinkling with meaning substance. the second - rate one concentrate on just unmatched of these look. " playacting god " make neither well. the introductory idea of the movie is solid. and then it goes nowhere. even worse, information technology plods back and forth, up and down a longsighted and winding route before it ends improving nowhere. fox fails so far again in his hunting for intelligent life history. 