the corruptor be a liberal silly mess of an action movie, unadulterated with pointless plot turns and gratuitous violence. it ' s non abhorrent, or even blatantly unlikable, but information technology doesn ' t make a tag end of sense. and whose idea be it to have the manager of glengarry glen sir john ross direct an action film? james foley cognise a lot about role and acting, and those be the strengths of the corruptor. but the quiet scenes clangour with the ludicrous military action nonsense, and the termination constitute to a lesser extent alike a pic and more like a derailed train. at least we get chow yun - fat in the lead character. chow plays nick subgenus chen, a chinatown cop. he ' s a good cop, as the initiative few fit establish, and atomic number 2 ' s real familiar with chinatown. that ' due south credibly why the powers - that - be resolve to team him up with a rookie name danny edgar wallace (mark wahlberg ). nick and danny begin by stepping on each other ' sulfur toe, merely finally end upwards care each former once they both get a fortune to save the former one ' s life. what happens after that is kind of a mystery to me. one ' grand fairly certain that the villains be all component of the fukienese dragon, led by a young chinese psychotic nominate bobby vu (byron mann ). ace ' m also moderately sure that nick be on the payroll of henry lee (ric young ), a gangster cover in prostitutes and former bang up clobber. i ' m not rather sure wherefore henry lee decide to employ danny, although this makes for some ridiculous (albeit unpredictable) plot twist along the way. in that respect ' south too an interesting subplot revolving around danny ' atomic number 16 father (brian cox ), but it doesn ' t have much to do with the main story. unmatchable of the problem, as ace said, is that the flick doesn ' t make any sense. 1 don ' t blame this whole on foley, because helium ' s obviously a good director. i ' m more inclined to point my finger at robert pucci ' s hand, which doesn ' thyroxin appear to be in tune to the path normal masses act. nonpareil scene former on had maine particularly annoyed: nick confronts his boss because he ' s angry about his fresh white mate. he ' s cheering and point his finger and ill treat on the furniture, and i was thinking that i would accept can him if he had coif that to me. ( in addition, the film get a bite into backwash - related issues, and ne'er develop them at all. ) there are a lot of scenes comparable this one, and none of them are very logical. there ' sulphur as well a considerable speech roadblock, given that chow and some of the other player have thick chinese accents. the plot itself ne'er straightens taboo. 1 ' m not sure world health organization or what the fukienese dragons are, operating room wherefore henry lee is tie in with them, or what they do as a group. the corruptor is an action mechanism movie, and so entirely these weird secret plan developments are decorated with trashy and violent action sequences. the sequence aren ' t bad, only they ' re not raw; how many railroad car salmon portland chase through chinatown ingest you seen? on that note, how many chinatown cop moving picture stimulate you seen? matchless too many, i ' ergocalciferol imagine. foley ' s strength exist clearly in characterization, and helium serve a pretty good chore here. the vista between nick and danny are very good, and i actually amaze a look for their characters; a bond form between them that holds part of the pic together. chow and wahlberg are both good actor; chow be a pro, and toilet perform this kind of stuff in his nap. wahlberg seems less at home in this atmosphere, only atomic number 2 ' s still fun to watch. i likewise like the subplot involving danny ' s father of the church; brian cox ' s performance is knock down, and his character makes a compelling moral reach for danny. but the pic ultimately bomb, mostly at the hand of insane incoherence and overly - familiar military action scenes. a complicated plot can represent successful, but the story call for to make common sense when it ' randomness over. the corruptor ne'er manage to make any horse sense - - it just keeps spinning out of control until, finally, there ' reciprocal ohm null left to bear on to. 