the glad bastard ' s straightaway movie review gaga wild west a good gens for this movie might ' ve be " wild groundless waste ". warner bros. , in an attempt to get their ain men in black style of moving picture, had managed to lasso in some big names (actor will smith and film director barry sonnenfeld, the duo behind mib ' s success) in order to get their own fourth of july blockbuster, a contemporary big - covert update to the classic western / sci - fi series the idle waste west starring robert teodor josef konrad korzeniowski. merely somehow, they ran into a problem along the way. they equal so busy try to take specific roles that they forgot one in universal that would ' ve make wholly the difference - a story writer. uncivilised violent west ' s storey and handwriting was accumulate by six different people, quite than just the one who put the brilliant touches on men in black, ed solomon. if warner bros. take gotten him, the movie would ' ve possibly be five times better than what it is. heck, ten times. as is, however, the story and screenplay is a mess, filled with beat laughs, enough racist and sex jokes to make yet will cringe as he ' s performing them, and a complete want of chemistry that wee wee the tv show employment so substantially. here ' s the story: us army member james west (will smith) teams up with creative genius artemus gordon (kevin franz joseph kline) to take up on a ruthless villain by the name of arliss loveless (kenneth branagh ), whose lower one half personify blown off during the civil war, leaving him to roll around in a steam - ensure wheelchair. they catch onto a secret plan of his need a superweapon that can basically follow considered an 80 - foot tarantula (although it seem swelled than that ), hellbent on destroying anything in its path. as i said, the way the playscript stretch out be a complete mess. just the acting doesn ' t help either. kevin franz kline be miserable as gordon, failing to display still a smidgeon of care as he do in the 1985 western silverado. kate smith seems to exist having a better time as west, although he ' s not about as charming as atomic number 2 was in mib. branagh goes excessively over the top as the villain, peradventure to the point where we tin ' t even place upright to take care at him or his unknown beard. and salma hayek is along for the ride to research for her missing father, but by and large she exist just now for intimate attention. her acting cost barely passable, but what a " breath of impudent ass ". director barry sonnenfeld isn ' t of big help either. even though atomic number 2 designate some good creativity at some points, his overall importunity for directing is lost. it ' s as if helium feels helium ' s directing a tv moving picture, a cock a hoop no - no when you ' re helm what ' s reckon to be a big - screen hit. final only not least, there represent huge gaps of logical system that be just plain unacceptable. at one distributor point, smith defies gravity when first boarding kline ' s power train. he jumps on the back, gets launched straight up in the air, and in some manner manages to set ashore trio cars in advance on the train - while information technology ' s notwithstanding in motion! likewise, atomic number 2 seem to be strangely comfortable let the cat out of the bag about racial discrimination in front of a lynch mob, peculiarly considering the fact that his family was killed by the likes of such sept. last but not least, wherefore is he still making kissing faces when atomic number 2 bed he ' s not kissing a woman as he ' s calculate done a spyhole at the enemy?! the only saving grace for godforsaken wild west come by and large in the shape of extra effects. the brobdingnagian mechanical wanderer is a technical marvel, very authentic looking and considerable to the creativeness of the show. thither ' s as well a good chronological succession involving metal magnet neckbraces and spinning saw blades, just, again, a logic question make out into dramatic play regard their polarity. i would pronounce sit back and have a good time with groundless wild west, but information technology in truth isn ' t potential. if the racialist and gender jokes assume ' t bother you, the performances leave. if the performances don ' t bother you, the tale will. if the level doesn ' t bother you, the racialist and sex jokes volition. there ' randomness no end to the roughshod rophy. go rent men in black instead and profess julia evelina smith and tommy lee jones be wearing cowpuncher hats. you ' ll have a effective time. if you do go, continue an center proscribed for robert conrad in a role as president grant. i bet atomic number 2 wishes helium be somewhere else. .. 