you bang something, yuletide is not astir presents. information technology ' s about over - hyped holiday films with lots of merchandising and production tie - in. at least that would appear to be the message of " the grinch, " which has been advertised since last noel and whose logotype is presently plastered all terminated memory. hollywood expect u.s. to snub this cynical greed as the movie scolds u.s. about losing the true spirit of the season. you fuck the plot: thither ' s this vicious furry green guy called the grinch (jim carrey) world health organization lives on a mountain look out over whoville. downwardly below all the who follow preparing for their whobilation, simply the grinch comprise determined to steal their christmas. the movie is, of course, a springy - activity version of the darling fry ' sulphur book, which was antecedently adapted into a 1966 tv special by loony tunes animator chuck jones. it ' s rare that a big budget hollywood release embody shamed by a thirty - year - onetime half - hour cartoon, just that ' s the case when jones ' variant is compared to ron howard ' s. the television grinch hit all the right notes: boris karloff ' s gentle, deep recital; thurl ravenscroft singing " mister. grinch "; georgia home boy the blackguard weighed down by the gigantic antler tied to his promontory; and the grinch ' s wide, toothless grin. by direct contrast, the movie reach ane sour note after another. first, there are the legion bad choice that jeffrey price and peter seaman make in padding out the short book into a 105 - second flick. young wide - eyed cindy lou world health organization (taylor momsen) is depressed about the misplaced precedency of her parents (bill irwin and molly shannon) during the vacation time of year. she begins to sympathize with the grinch, who turns away to be surprisingly harmonic. cindy lou discovers that the grinch turned tearfully forth from whoville in grammar schoolhouse when helium be publicly humiliated while expressing his love for the prettiest girl in the class, martha may whovier (play as an grownup by christine baranski ). are we expected to wish the grinch, detest the who, and want him to steal yuletide? the grinch isn ' t even the villain hither; that use cost filled by the tainted city manager of whoville (jeffrey tambor) who was the grinch ' s challenger for martha ' s affection. non only be the characters needlessly complex, only the once - simple secret plan becomes so convoluted that the factual larceny of christmas seems like an reconsideration. the cast choices aren ' t any better than the screenwriting decisions. jim carrey seem woefully miscast. while his grimace be so slender that the golosh make - upwards seem superfluous, carrey brings nothing else to the role. his accent living change; ane presume he was shooting for william henry pratt, but he ends up sounding similar a weird slurry of richard richard milhous nixon, sean connery, and cartman from " south parkland. " not knowing what else to do during his many scenes alone in the grinch ' s home, carrey flow spinal column on his outdoor stage - upwards comedy and buffoon around ace ventura - style. needless to say, his isaac mayer wise - crack caper don ' t quite go the part of the grinch, world health organization is an embittered loner filled with hate. little taylor momsen convey niggling to role of cindy lou except big eyes and a cute smile. she would have represent fine if cindy lou was limited to her original purpose in the seuss story (find " saint nick " in her living room stealing the sir herbert beerbohm tree ). however, the expanded script urinate cindy every bit important as the grinch, and momsen be not up to the challenge. bottom line: when you ' re stealing noel (movies ), result this one rear. 