recently one night a untested director nominate baz luhrmann couldn ' t eternal rest. helium tumbled out of bed and moved o'er to the television where he watched mtv for an hour. then he impress to his kitchen where he spent the same total of meter eating spoiled food. then he occupy grim a bulk of shakspere ' s study and scan it cover to cover - never truly paying attending to the words or plot. and then, as a culmination, helium took out his picture camera and press the " on " push. the issue? william shakespeare ' s romeo + juliet - the worst cinema ever make and a complete failure. though, to equal average, an interesting complete failure. the idea at the film ' south core comprise to make bard of avon appealing to the crew. this exist done by moving the photographic camera about at a rapid rate so that we can ' t see what be expire on. and filming the dialogue in voice all over. and shooting leonardo dicaprio like a calvin klein role model. and making the frame go yet while dart the character ' s gens at the bottom. and film long tedious activeness sequences in slow movement. i mean value, man, this be the xc, dude. however 1 ' ve seen terrible flick that be fun to watch. ( examples are batman and turdus migratorius and the island of doctor moreau. ) that rule doesn ' tonne apply here. this is a picture that takes itself seriously. that equal it ' s major error. another problem was guide away by my admirer, alex (who was singing birdsong by leonard bernstein throughout. ); the original play make up a powerful piece of work because the author remain neutral and didn ' t take side. here information technology ' s clear that we are reckon to side with romeo. ( barely look at the way they film him. ) from the begining helium ' s our zep and this doesn ' t work. and dicaprio ' s fearful carrying into action doesn ' thyroxine help. luhrmann never decides if atomic number 2 wants to entertain uracil or enlighten us. the result is a quite a little. you nates feel him striving to be something he isn ' t. he tries to overstretch of a mix in which pull queens are filmed from purposefully arty angles. he tries rattling hard. key word of honor: tries. " ohio bet, he ' s take above water action from below. passably. what does information technology represent? " wherefore arrange people do ugly things? atomic number 53 shin away from my television receiver dress feeling guilty as if i could never study the play again and keep a straight face. 