" mandingo " has traditionally been seen as one of two thing: either a much - needed revisionist look at thralldom in the south, oregon in the words of film critic leonard maltin, " a rubbishy potboiler " that " ingathering only to the s & m bunch. " in reality, one think " mandingo " embody a unusual combination of the two, although it fails on both fronts. it ' s too trashy to be good drama, simply too dramatic to be practiced trash. the level takes place on a tumble down louisiana plantation run by crotchety onetime warren maxwell (james mason) and his word, hammond (perry power ). one day in new siege of orleans, hammond comes across a slave dealer sell a mandingo name mede (heavyweight boxer sight norton ). although the movie never explains information technology, a mandingo follow simply the name for africans who come from the area of the upper niger river river valley. according to the movie, mandingos be the rolls royce of african striver. hammond earnings top price for mede and has to fight off others in order to get him. hammond then spends his time civilize mede to exist a fighter in money bash with early slaves. meanwhile, hammond has get married his first cousin, blanche (susan st. george ), because she desire to escape her family and he is under pressure from his father to produce a grandchild. hammond, however, is happy spending night with his " bed wench, " the derogatory gens given to female slaves practice by their masters for easy sex. it is quickly apparent that hammond, despite his overt racial discrimination, is more in beloved with his bed wench, a raw slave female child named ellen (brenda sykes ), than helium is with blanche. hammond considers blanche tainted commodity because he discover out on their wedding dark that another man receive " pleasured " her before he did. of course, it ' s fine that he ' s slept with legion slave young lady, but the fact that his wife, a " white lady, " had been with another man prohibited of wedlock destruct his capability to care for her. thus blanche is usually will lonely and sex - famish while hammond is sleeping with ellen. blanche gets back at hammond by seducing the studly mede and bearing his tiddler. hammond and his father cannot stand the idea that blanche has given giving birth to a half - black child (although information technology ' s okay that ellen was pregnant by hammond ), so warren kills the child by letting information technology leech to death after birth, and hammond poison blanche. hammond then get mede, shoots him twice in the shoulder, and push him into a jumbo caldron of boil piddle. yes, you read correct: the motion picture ends with hammond getting his revenge by churn mede active. judging exclusively by the plot, " mandingo " is stark sexploitation. the chief purpose of the plastic film seems to be bring as many blacks and whites into bed together as potential, with only if the slim comment on what that would imply in 19th century southern society. when " mandingo " was liberate in 1975, it follow even a bit of a shocker to see interbreeding on screen in such a graphic detail; this way the moving picture show could revise cinematic story while attracting great audiences of curious voyeurs. dramatically, " mandingo " is weak and unfocussed, and historically information technology ' s for the most part fox. if unity make up to judge history by this moving picture show, it would be easy to walk away with the notion that the full system of american thrall was base on sexuality, not political economy. non once in the film serve we see any of the slaves work out, except for a few house servants. the men spend most of the metre sitting about, while the sole purpose of a female slave seem to constitute devoid sex activity for the possessor. in that respect is historical basis in the notion that slave owners often slept with their female slaves, but " mandingo ' entropy " overwhelming emphasis on this aspect of slavery present the motion picture show the unpleasant taste of a cheap sex flick (although in that location ' s plenty of fierceness - - fights, vicious beatings, shootings, and the aforementioned human boiling sequence - - thrown in for good measure ). some tried to compose off " mandingo " as a blaxploitation film, one and only of a issue of quickly - made, low - budget films appealing to black sensibilities in the early seventies, but information technology ' s non that easy. " mandingo " was studio apartment - financed by paramount word painting, and produced by dino de laurentiis, the grandiose italian producer behind such ill famed production as " the bible " (1966 ), the remake of " king kong " (1976 ), and the ill - fated " dune " (1984 ). the director was richard fleischer, a veteran who was best known for respective special effects - laden action movies including " 20, 000 leagues nether the sea " (1954) and " fantastic ocean trip " (1966 ), as well as such superior suspense films as " the narrow margin " (1952 ). the script, based on the supermarket best - seller by ken ostott (and the subsequent maneuver by seafarer kirkland ), was penned by norman wexler, who have been put forward for an oscar two year earlier for his work on " serpico. " james mason, matthew calbraith perry male monarch, and susan george iv be well - known and value doer (mason already take three oscar nominations nether his belt ), and ken norton appeared to have a promising film career. so why be " mandingo " thusly bad? a number of reasons, including the fact that wholly those experient movie maker behind and in battlefront of the photographic camera did a lousy line. wexler ' s script comprise stark poor hokum adjoin on the offensive; it combines stamp slave - talking (" yessuh, massuh " ), stereotyped southern white trash public lecture (" fer whut ' re you gittin ' outta bed? " ), and stereotyped contemporaneous militant black talk (" if you see me hang, you gonna know you killed a black brother! " ). fleischer ' s direction be ungainly, especially during the fight scenes, and all the actors give weak operation, specially susan george whose invariant shrieking in conclusion becomes laughable. nevertheless, credit should equal given where credit entry comprise due. despite its exploitative nature, " mandingo " was one of the world class hollywood moving picture to take an alternative look at thralldom. until and so, there had been a kind of underlie racism in all hollywood film grapple with slavery. yet classic such as " live with the jazz " (1939) hindquarters be see as inherently racist by its glossing over the subject subject. " mandingo " reassessed the due south, and showed that it wasn ' t all beautiful plantation, green fields, and pretty sunset. but all this be constantly sabotage by the film ' second negligible level - of - view - - it claims to see thing from the black linear perspective, but the intact narrative focus be on the soap opera tales of the white owners. with a little more than maturity and unlike handling, " mandingo " might give been an effective, worthwhile plastic film. while it portrays many sore aspects of slavery, it ne'er deals with them. the matter the movie brings up cost worthwhile, merely wexler ' s script refuses to move them beyond a surface level of trashily vicarious viewing. there is a big raft of potential in honestly explore the nature of a sexual relationship between slave and proprietor, but " mandingo " ne'er does it. steven spielberg touch on that same topic in " schindler ' s list " (1993 ), by calculate at a nazi police officer writhe in inner turmoil because of his feelings for a jewish maid. the difference between that film and " mandingo " be that spielberg dealt with the situation in a honest, unexploitive manner that focused on the implicit in human dilemma. " mandingo " be satisfied to simply show some tegument, and because of that, information technology " trashy potboiler " nature dwarf any possible social good information technology mightiness take in accomplished. 