tri - adept; order r (language, intimate situations, force ); 87 mo director and writer: darren stein mould: rose mcgowan, rebecca gayheart, judy greer, julie benz, chad the nazarene, ethan erickson, christmas carol kane, pam grier, tatyana m. ali. review by: geoff berkshire jawbreaker be the selfsame definition of a " tide rip - off. " this uninspired teen comedy take equal parts carrie (1976 ), scots heather (1989) and clueless (1995) and mixes in all the necessary teenaged picture clich? south. along the way writer / conductor darren stein forgets to give the film a life of its ain. the film opens with a voice all over from geeky fern mayo (judy greer) about the four most democratic girls at reagan high: courtney shayne (rose mcgowan) who can fundamentally be summed up as satan in heels, julie freeman (rebecca gayheart) a good girl with the face of a supermodel, marcie fox (julie benz) a dim - witted blonde who demands that people call her " foxy ", and liz purr (charlotte roldan) an angel in disguise. liz cost everyone ' s favorite because she ' s both beautiful and kind. liz is astir to turn seventeen and, as a prank, courtney convinces the other lady friend to avail her in kidnapping liz on her birthday morning. in order to keep liz from making any interference courtney stuffs a jawbreaker into her mouth before they gag her. they then stuff liz in the trunk of courtney ' s car but when they open it later, polaroid camera waiting to capture the moment, their lives bequeath never be the like: poor liz has swallowed the jawbreaker and choked to death with it lodge in her throat (the audience is treated to a few as well many graphic looking at liz ' s dead body ). courtney, think fast, decides to pass the death away as a rape / slaying and marcie and a loath julie assist her. things get complicated when fern discovers what the three girl are upwardly to. in edict to keep back her quiet courtney comes up with another programme and transforms geeky fern into " vylette ", hoping that she will also help to replace liz in the judgement of the devastated students. up until astir this point the film be effective enough. however, an investigation begins into liz ' s death and the film become overly deadening. the recently rediscovered talents of pam grier are thoroughly consume in the part of detective vera cruz and the celluloid is downright insipid in its intervention of both the characters and the audience during this long middle stretch. courtney ' s programme to frame a crummy guy (marilyn manson, in a brief cameo) be never credible for a second. meanwhile, the consultation is stick watching a drawstring of random effect which fail to develop the role operating theatre tot up anything of pastime to the plot. julie leaves the mathematical group and begins a game romanticism with aspiring actor zack (chad christ ). he apparently give her the courage to turn on courtney but the way things develop but make julie spirit unintelligent. fern ' s rise to popularity be evenly lame. we do get the good prospect in the film (the but one with a spark of originality) during this segment. it ' s a smart and subversive bit where courtney gets the high school ' s house physician supporter stud dane (ethan erickson) to demonstrate, using a lollipop, exactly what helium would wish for her to do to him. information technology at least provides atomic number 92 with a expression at courtney ' s personality but the room the scene finish doesn ' t make any sense. stein embody very conscious of the teen movie tradition atomic number 2 is working in and not only freely borrows major plot elements just as well includes unmediated citation of this with some stunt cast. william katt and p. j. soles (scholar in carrie) are liz ' s distraught parents, jeff conaway (from grease (1978) ) is julie ' s creepy single dad and carol kane (the frightened babysitter in when a stranger scream (1979) ) camps it upwards as principal miss sherman. at times jawbreaker feels simply similar adolescent cinema ' s superlative hits simply the audience be cheated with watered down interpretation of the best this genre make to offer. the only notable scene of jawbreaker is the incredibly stylish looking. the costume design by vickie brinkford and the production design by jerry sir alexander fleming are both bright and vivid. they were apparently instructed to work from the color palette of a jawbreaker and the screen is perpetually splashed with turn of vivacious color. director of photography amy vicent, who attractively lensed eve ' s bayou (1997 ), does a noteworthy job hither as well. shot composition and camera movement is consistently telling. performances are mostly sub - par with mcgowan providing only a few good moments (equate with her excellent employment in the day of reckoning generation (1995) and screech (1996) ) and gayheart making the biggest belief due to the sweet nature of her character and her obvious beauty. none of the actors look as if they have lay out foot inside a high school within the last five years with the elision of actress / isaac merrit singer tatyana muhammad ali, who has a small role as a cheerleader. the male person cast all resemble male person models and are credited with names corresponding " machine stud, " " college stud, " and " high schooling dot # ii. " the soundtrack be comely and imperial teenager ' s catchy " yoo hoo " makes a bigger impression than any other facial expression of the moving picture show. 