in 1990, the surprise success an unpredicted little picture show call ghost instantly rescued the moribund careers of information technology trio of above - the - title adept, patrick swayze, demi moore, and whoopi goldberg. eight years later, moore and goldberg ' s careers aren ' mt exactly thriving, but they hold had their share of screen successes since; the same can ' t personify state of swayze, who birth just added til now another turkey to his resume with the ably advert black dog. forget the mortal kombat movies - - this trucksploitation flick be the closest the moving picture has hail to video game. good hand truck device driver diddly shit crews (swayze) must drive a cargo of illegal firearms from capital of georgia to new jersey. along the means, jak and his crew of three run into a number of obstacles - - such as a main road weigh post, evil truckers, and deadly uzi - firing motorcyclist. every and so often, like at the end of a television game " spirit level " operating theatre " stage, " the main baddie pops upwards: red (meat loaf of bread, overbold from the triumph of spice reality ), world health organization wants to steal the stash of guns. just in case you forget his name or own trouble keeping track of who ' s driving what, all of scarlet ' siemens vehicle, be it a pick me up or a big swindle, are painted - - you guessed information technology - - bolshevik. i could go into more of the plot of ground specifics (such as jack ' s dream of having a nice home with his crime syndicate, the past trauma that sent him to prison and monetary value him his trucking license, the federal bureau of investigation / atf crew tracking the cargo ), but they are of little grandness. all that matters to director kevin hooks and author william mickelberry and dan vining are the obstacles jack confronts in his drive from point a to full stop type b. but they betray at even this modest goal, for none of the highway chaos, as credibly staged as it is, is terribly interesting, let alone exciting. one time you ' ve seen a couple of motortruck have a go at it against each other or a great rig explode the world class time, you ' ve understand information technology every time. as blue as black dog be as an entertainment, the saddest part about the film make nothing to do with what record up onscreen; it ' s that swayze has to lose weight himself to such employment. while far from the good of histrion, he be certainly not horrible, and he is a charismatic presence. ane don ' t know if information technology ' s his judgment or the dearth of timbre business offers that leads him to involve himself with bombs such as black dog. regardless, if atomic number 2 continue on this vocation track, could a tv series be far behind? 