walken stars as a mobster who live kidnapped and held for ransom money by four bratty rich shaver. it seem that a woman take also follow kidnapped - - she is the sister of one of them (atomic number 99. thyroxine. ' s patrick henry thomas) and the girlfriend of another (flannery) - - and the asking toll is $ 2 million, which said snot are unable to cough up solely. they yet cut away walken ' s finger to picture they mean clientele, because they are dire to save the woman ' s animation. suicide queen be a terrible film. walken aside, there isn ' thymine a undivided appealing cast member. o ' fallon creates characters that are operable type without any resonance. in an divertingly unironic scene, walken plays salamander with the foursome and key out each of their personality to a tee - - it ' s as if he equal reading the drumhead sheet for a casting director. the plot of land is another result entirely. o ' fallon is someone whom i ' m betting get seen reservoir dogs and the usual suspects too many times, for not entirely does his story veer off on bizarre tangents from whence they never return (do we really need the scene where dennis leary beats up an abusive beginner with a toaster, which is entirely unrelated to both the story and leary ' s character, or the legion anecdotal episode? ), but the central plot itself exist a serpentine mess, filled with cross and double crosses and triple crosses. .. by the fourth big disclosure / twist, i have whole tune out, wonder what on earth attract these actors to the material. recently a peer, a fellow vernal movie maker, inform me that helium had an theme for a picture show about four guys, the mob, and the fbi. information technology come to pine tree state and then what ' s wrong with indies like suicide kings: unity suspect o ' fallon has never met a mobster, is not a rich man, doesn ' t deliver endless " clever " monologues to his supporter about his favourite type of boots. .. in brusque, these guys exist barely riffing on other movies, and in doing that, do the same film complete and over and over once more. tarantino found his niche and now 100 of genxers with movie cameras are adjudicate to find oneself tarantino ' s niche alternatively of carving their own. - reviewed at the toronto international moving picture show fete 