" cum on, silent bobber! we ' re conk out to hollywood. " starring jason mewes, kevin smith, will ferrell, shannon elizabeth, seann william scott, chris rock, jason tsung dao lee, ben affleck. take by kevin smith. rated roentgen. john jay and silent bob ten strike back is a dumb movie disguise in a smarmy interior. kevin smith, come dispatch the wonderful, gainsay dogma, fill it with sub - road trip gross - out joke and expects us to buy information technology because he ' s barely oh - so - ironic. simply when a moving picture is so self - aware it suit astir nothing simply itself, we can hardly constitute expected to pay for access. jay and silent bob, deuce new jersey stoners world health organization cling out at the doorstep of convenience store marketing smoke, have appeared in almost all of smith ' s moving picture show but, if i ' m non mistaken, have not starred in one until directly. they chance proscribed that there is a movie based on the comic volume that personify based on them being made in hollywood. this award two problem: a) they haven ' thyroxin receive a penny in royalties and bacillus) wonk on the cyberspace (" what ' s the internet? " ) be talking trash about them. what be there to coiffe except go to hollywood and break off this movie from being relieve oneself? on the way - - they ' re hitchhiking, because who love you needed ticket to take a bus? - - they run into a group of hotties who pretend to follow with an animal - right mathematical group, but follow truly jewel stealer world health organization parade around in charlie ' s angels - style outfits. of form, they set up jay and silent bob up to look like the thieves, so that there be a massive manhunt going on during the second half of the photographic film. bequeath ferrell, who again proves himself incapable of doing anything but vignette comedy, shows up as the wildlife marshal examiner who thinks the 2 cause stolen a monkey. the movie bequeath in all probability please only adam smith ' s die - hard, undiscerning buff; everyone else leave be critical of this mind - bogglingly stupid elbow grease following some the sophisticated cinema that he churned out in years past. any ingathering the motion picture show sustain volition come from the " in " jokes, most of which i think ane understood, but the movie is " in " to the point of absurdity. there needs to be something hold it together other than its ain smugness. once jay and silent bob get to hollywood, the movie dead switches gears from consummate - out comedy to ridiculously broad hollywood satire. countless " hot " film stars and personalities make an appearance, from smith veterans matt damon and ben affleck to wes craven, only jay and silent bob strike back resort to such dispirited - hilltop joke as another scream sequel with a monkey as the killer. make it? they ' re so dire for another motion picture show, they ran out of ideas and employ a monkey! a rascal! as ofttimes happens with writers who be working below what they are actually capable of, most of the genuinely near line represent broadsheet, while the handsome, painstaking gags mostly pass flat. 1 of the funniest phone line in the moving picture flies by: when asked to comment on the clitoris (don river ' t ask ), jay responds: " the distaff button? " kevin smith is a talented author (though i agree that his motion picture show would live better off if he ' d let a real director take the helm ), and jay and silent bob strike back holds true to his hope to make a to a greater extent facetious film. alas, information technology ' s also shapeless, pointless and largely unfunny. smith ' s " verbal trampoline, " as ben affleck once called his typical talks, takes a backward seat to his doubtful inherent aptitude as a populist filmmaker. this was supposed to be the movie that didn ' t spite anyone, but information technology ' s offence because information technology ' s terrible. 