hollywood ne'er fails to astound me. every time ane think those coked - upwards little bugger have hit stone bottom; they come up with a new excavate tool. i be truly confident that " wild angry west " marked 1999 studio filmmaking at its most hapless, but so on come " end of days " to prove maine wrong. this big budget, brain drained apocalyptical thriller bludgeon its hearing with overwrought music, grisly violence, blowup galore and lots of cheesy special upshot. the event? nothing simply groans and yawns. still the devil himself is unable to produce a decent panic in this fete of the inept. at the very least, " end of sidereal day " should have done uranium the good manners of being bad - enough - to - constitute - beneficial, but information technology can ' t yet manage that. information technology ' s just lousy. arnold schwarzenegger, nonetheless recovering from heart problems and " batman & robin, " play an ex - cop turn security agent beaver state escort operating theatre something. along with his obligatory comic relief better half (kevin pollak, impersonating saint matthew the apostle perry ' s chandler character from " booster " ), atomic number 2 let involved in some major league supernatural juju. it seems that satan (gabriel byrne) gets a shot at world supremacy but once every thousand long time (and here i think helium ' 500 pulled it slay with the republican landslip of ' ninety four ). if atomic number 2 have sex with 20 - class previous christine house of york (robin james joseph tunney ), " the chosen one, " their baby will be the antichrist, operating theatre at least a little terror. ah, but this deal has more than snap than a new twelvemonth ' s eve pass from a halfway home. the demonic union must subscribe place on december 31, 1999 (you see, 999 is hardly 666 plow upside downward ), but but between 11 p. m. and midnight (no wonder this guy is so cranky ). and if the elect ane be give refuge in a church, the devil come through ' t be intimate where she embody, because he give notice ' t see into the sanctuary. you bed, information technology ' s kind of like superman ' s x - ray vision and lead walls, only evil. a radical of guerrilla catholic priests make up one's mind the full way to finish the situation be by killing the girl. arnold chooses to save the female child and kick the hell out of prince of darkness, if you ' ll pardon the reflection. and kevin meet up with an exploding van and cause to make some decision of his ain. ohio, the anguish! ohio, the humanity! oh, the piece of writing! st. andrew w. marlowe ' s screenplay ladles implausibility upon implausibility, from the preposterous otherworldly theatrical performance to his treatment of jericho cane, schwarzenegger ' s fictitious character. cane lead off the pic a la mel althea gibson in the first " lethal weapon, " preparing to put a gun in his mouth due to ongoing despondence terminated the slaying of his wife and daughter. twenty minutes later, he ' s racing through the bowels of novel house of york metropolis, deciphering clues that sherlock holmes and kreskin would find baffling. when cane take on upward with christine york, helium like a shot switches to terminator father figure mode, with the untested woman serving as surrogate daughter. in compositor's case anyone escape the link, the camera add up in for a closelipped up of christine ' s medicine box, which just happens to make up identical to one owned by cane ' s daughter. subtle, marlowe, subtle. speech production of cameras, director peter hyams is just the piece to submit marlowe ' s playscript and make it even more self - important, muddy and get at. hyams ' direction shows altogether the subtlety of a gwar picture, with cane running a gauntlet of ridiculous activeness set pieces, punctuated with shipment of big explosions. eager to fulfill arnold ' s pith audience, he still throws in a few span of boob every bit well. what a guy. had the film pitch some decent scare, or even maintain a consistently ominous tone, the bombastic clich? s power have been adequate, but " remainder of day " is simply a soft special personal effects render. the cast be just as ineffectual. in his early scenes, gabriel byrne attack to invest beelzebub with some style, only atomic number 2 all too shortly twist into just another standard event goliath. kevin pollak comes and goes rapidly, robin tunney comes off like a bargain basement winona ryder and as for arnold, good? he ' s a better worker than casper van dien. that should enumerate for something. way back in the backwash " the exorcist " and " the omen, " supernatural swill same " close of twenty four hour period " might have pass selective service as a b - pic. but that was and so and this is now. " the x - files " and " buffy the vampire slayer " deliver real scares on a hebdomadary basis and, if we want to see the fiend, all we have to do is flip on " the 700 cabaret " and take on a gander at slick robertson ' s grinning cakehole. after suffer " end of day, " all atomic number 53 can say is " get thee behind me, satan. and while you ' re at it, get thee a better agentive role as well. " 