in " the 13th warrior, " arab poet ahmed ibn fahdlan (antonio banderas) bump himself kicked out of baghdad for feel upward the queen ' s old gentlewoman. with his translator (screen legend omar sharif in a small office ), ahmed heads northward to represent as ambassador to the norse (vikings ). helium finds a group of warriors mourn the loss of their top executive. a courier before long arrives from another kingdom requesting assistance. a soothsayer says that 13 warriors mustiness answer the summons, twelve northmen and one foreigner. so, ahmed get the " thirteenth warrior. " on the misstep, ahmed manages to read the vikings ' language by listening to their fireside conversations. a bit far - fetched, information technology ' s true, simply we induce to swallow it if this flick is go to manage a few lines of dialogue amidst the grunting. ahmed, who ' s name " ibn " by the viking, forms friendships with herger the joyous (dennis storh? i) and the viking leader buliwyf (vladimir kulich ). when they come in the other realm, the thirteen warriors discover that they ' re facing an army of supernatural cannibals that inhabit up in the caves. hereafter, most of the movie be battle scene: the cannibals assail the viking, the viking attack the cannibals, the anthropophagus assault the. . . considerably, you get the estimation. just to add some activity, in that respect ' second also a viking vs. viking affaire d'honneur. other movies insert scenes between the fights; these scenes be called fictitious character ontogenesis. i suspect that " the 13th warrior " take a better playscript at one meter and that information technology fell through the crack because of the rag - team direction. the pic started remove in the hands of whoremaster mctiernan (you ' ll notice a good deal of similarities between " warrior " and mctiernan ' s " piranha, " include the chittering hobo camp sounds ). somewhere along the line, mctiernan bail and michael crichton take over. james crichton, whose novel " eaters of the dead " be the ground for " warrior, " have got directed a small motley of goofy scientific discipline - fiction " thrillers ": " westworld, " " comatoseness, " " smasher, " " runaway. " their result of their back to back efforts is a murky and pointless movie. perhaps what " the thirteenth warrior " require more than than anything else is a villain. the " eater of the dead " be a faceless mob in blackface. they have no personality, and by the end they put on ' t yet appear particularly threatening. the audience have no target toward which to channel it aggression. mctiernan should know about the grandness of an interesting baddie; it comprise his " die hard " that made villains appear fun and attract big - name star to the vicious role in action picture. " the thirteenth warrior " suffers from a lack of vision. it wants to be " piranha " meet " braveheart " meets " the magnificent septenary " meets " dance with wolves. " with thus many competing destination, all information technology can make exist echo what it might have been. it might have be a satisfying action motion picture show. it power have been a beautifully - submit medieval epic poem. information technology might consume been a thought - provoking interrogatory of the meeting of culture. what a shame it turned out to follow zero in especial. bottom line: if you want to see antonio drop his sword, split " the mask of zorro. " 