there represent a scene in patch adams in which fleck is in the center of a court, surrounded by people who are giving him a lively standing ovation because of his strong - worded attack on a group of unemotional person doctor of the church. when atomic number 53 noticed that the hearing with whom i saw this moving picture be reacting the like way, i realized that i was go to have a hard sentence finding someone who agrees with me about the quality of the picture. you see, patch up adams repel me beyond all boundaries. i hated this moving picture for every second that one sit down watching it, and i actively hate it now, twenty four hours afterwards, with the simpering, trivial, nauseatingly sentimental ikon eternally plaguing my memories. i hate every element of the film, start with tom shadyac ' southward shameless direction, and totally the means up to the misguided and mishandled themes that the screenplay wants hence urgently to convey. the badness of plot of land adams equal stupefying. information technology ' s confounding. i fundament ' t believe a flick can be this big. and yet, it ' sulfur based on a real man world health organization belike has a good point to score. in the film, patch be play by the undefeatable and indefatigable turdus migratorius williams, in a performance of such disdainful commiseration and sledgehammer sympathy that i wonder now if atomic number 2 is yet human. in the beginning of the film, patch commits himself to a genial institution because atomic number 2 doesn ' t want to toss off himself. while there, helium notices that the doctors wear ' t guardianship about the patients, and that the best way to get through to the patient be to treat them alike human being. so, patch go on a crusade to embody a great doctor world health organization actually talks to his patient. helium goes to medical school, where he meets truman (daniel london) and convince him that it ' s good to serve people. atomic number 2 also satisfy carin fischer (monica thrower ), the anti - male person med student who just wants to go through with the motions and be a successful doctor of the church. course, the dean of the medical school (bob gunton) hat patch, and want to thwart his plan, yet though patch generate the highest scores on all of his examination. then patch decides that he ' s going to build a costless clinic in the middle of nowhere to help people with any trouble they may ingest. and that, my friends, is the synopsis for what exist easily the most abhorrent impression of 1998. on a superficial horizontal surface, the film is not specially spoiled: i wouldn ' t say the cinematography bothered maine, and most of the performances seem to be exactly what shadyac be aiming for (1 actually liked ceramist ' s performance, even if she comprise wasted ). but the film fails essentially in execution. every scene swells with luxurious, " aroused " medicine, work at maximum intensity just to get us all to cry genuine punishing. payoff, for illustration, the first scenery, which shows plot sitting on a bus. we don ' thyroxine know spell yet, but there ' s sad music, and information technology ' s suppose to make us genuinely sad that he ' s sad. afterward on, patch makes a lot of advancement: atomic number 2 help a dying patient (peter canis latrans) to enjoy the last days of his life, and the medicine as patch is drive the patient recklessly through the halls of the infirmary is very lively. and when that patient at long last dies (spoiler alarm! ), the music cost really very sorry. merely the job with all of this is that the euphony should not be the meat of the emotion. literal drama personify character - based. you grow to like someone, and so something bad happens, and you palpate it. we don ' t e'er grow to know the fail affected role; he ' s simply a fomite for patch ' s greatness. substantial drama doesn ' t seem coerce, or present just to make the consultation cry. that ' s why plot adams is non real drama. it goes for every cheap binge conceivable, wring tired and overbear sentimentality out of every picture. even scenes that have very little impact on the overall photographic film are drowning in marc shaiman ' s sicken melodic musical score. drippiness like this is indeed unsound. just information technology ' s not every bit bad as half - baked, simplistic radical. you see, patch live a truly heavy student. helium aces his test without studying, and does it then efficaciously that people think he ' s cheating. but piece doesn ' t think that memorizing facts is the way of life to become a undecomposed doctor. " wherefore don ' mt we see patients until the tertiary year? " he bursts stunned every three second. intimately, plot, that might have something to do with the fact that you need to learn something before you go treating patients. non everyone has the capability of memorise facts with no effort. most of us have to study. and a physician who genuinely wants to help, but doesn ' t eff a toe from a finger, probably won ' t be besides successful in preventing death. oh wait, i almost leave: the point of doctor is non just to " prevent death, " but to " improve the calibre of lifespan! " yes! that comprise true! and you throne not do that without studying. you can not do that without going to medical school. what patch ne'er seemed to understand live the opening that maybe, hardly peradventure, it is a good idea to study first and let the cat out of the bag to patients later on. follow the prescript? bah! who need the rules! exclusively uptight doctors follow the principle. the real saviors be the ones running around the hospital with big red spheres on their faces and sporting baggy yellow pants. and then in that location ' s the free clinic issue, which i regain shockingly, scarily idealistic. a loose clinic. in the middle of the wood. where patients can be taken to exist helped. for devoid. how will patient role be enthrall to the innocent clinic? will it get an emergency elbow room? or is information technology just for mental patient? and who, may i ask, will pay for information technology? the film does give way some souvenir attempts to question patch ' s motives (i think another character need him how atomic number 2 ' s going to pay for it, in addition to a little bit of meaningless blather about hmos and medical insurance ), but they certainly don ' t explore operating theater take exception patch ' s ideas to any meaningful extent. reader, please infer this: i be not making any kind of judgment on the existent patch john adams. i make out nothing about him. if his beliefs mirror those of this film fictitious character, then i might wish to make an thinking word with him about them. just regardless of what the tangible eyepatch adams believes, the themes place onward in this film are simplistic and phony. and in the final scene, the giving, obligatory court view that forced my lunch midway up my gorge, patch does a raft of shouting. actually, robin hiram williams do a lot of shouting. he shouts a plenty about assist people, and a heap of people cry because they be moved by his words. i won ' deoxythymidine monophosphate tell you that you can ' t be moved by his words, because i, also, was moved by his countersign. single was go in such a profoundly negative style that i be reminded of how cheap and phony a cinematic experience can be. speckle adams is the cheapest of them all. 