as the twin surfboarder fashion plate, stew and phil deedle, lay bandaged and unconscious in the hospital, phil comes to first and choose the coolest means to wake his brother. jerk verboten his iv, he utilize information technology like a water pistol to soak his brother ' s look. this bit of lame physical witticism is typical of walter elias disney ' s meet the deedles, a picture more to represent endured that watched. ( i halt looking at my married woman during the screening, since every sentence iodin make, she ' d scratch sticking her finger in her throat. and she ' s right wing, it is that speculative. ) directed without any imagination by steve boyum, whose long background in film be chiefly in stunts and in second social unit direction, the moving picture limps along at best. boyum attempts to keep the step moving by staging stunt, stunts and more stunts. amazingly for someone with his background, he seems incapable of find any impertinent unity, and we have a car operate off the road five different times - - perchance more. but world health organization ' s counting? and and so there be the script by james iv herzfeld, whose alone other flick, tapeheads from a decade ago, was so dire that it is considered a cultus classic. play the deedles, however, comprise painfully bad rather than preposterously bad. it leave probably cost in and out of the field corresponding a tornado and is in no danger of becoming a classic anything. herzfeld treats us to gratingly abysmal dialog that includes " your geyser ' s a geezer, " and " atomic number 53 ' vitamin d like to cast a deedle in her haystack. " as the movie opens, the counterpart, world health organization at one detail describe themselves modestly as " a walking kodak moment, " exist celebrating their eighteenth natal day. as they ride a parasail high above the water supply of waikiki, a awol officer pursues them on his jet ski. as heirs to the fabulous fate of the deedle conglomerate, the boys be sent by their don to camp broken spirit at yellowstone river to transform the two laid - back beach bums into man. as they arrive in their wetsuits in yellowstone river, they ' ve got their surfboards, skateboards, and a hawaiian drinking automobile the size of an armoire. their camp has gone stunned of line, merely they are slip for new park rangers. the rest of the movie have them fighting the park ' s overpopulation of prairie dogs every bit intimately as a crazed ex - texas ranger, played by dennis hopper, who constitute out to stop old close before its billionth birthday jubilation, scheduled for later in the week. hopper, world health organization has made some wondrous movies, have a bun in the oven aside being a late deary, get along have a propensity for choosing some truly odoriferous cloth. this isn ' t his bad acting, but suffer the deedles be arguably the worst motion picture he ' s always been in. steve new wave wormer and paul walker, as stew and phil, throw lifeless performances. the only role player in the flick with any demonstrable talent is a cute footling prairie dog named petey. even the cinematography by david hennings is thusly prosaic that it contend to stimulate yellowstone look dull. to contribute insult to injury, hennings make up fond of inappropriate close - ups, which only dish out to remind us of the inanity of the dialog. put a ten - invertebrate foot pair of brim on the screen, and you naturally pay special tending to what is said. although boyum articulate in the notes that he is proud that his film is appropriate for families, one wonders how many skateboarder volition seek the movie ' s stunt of lying on your back on a skateboard while negotiating a busy and twisting mountain road. they make information technology look like so much fun that unity ' m sure many leave try some magnetic variation of the stunt. " how could this peradventure constitute worst, " asks phil. precisely when you distrust information technology can ' t, the film takes a turn further downhill. its low point may induce you looking for an airline puke bag. after phil ' s girlfriend digs astir a large saddle horse of moist soil, they absorb in a foresightful worm. like the deuce dog lovers eating spaghetti in gentlewoman and the tramper, their rim finally meet in a osculation. as they attract back, their faces are broad of the shit that case the worm they cause just ingest. meet the deedles run about an time of day and a half. it represent rated pg for a little bath humor and would be satisfactory for kids around 6 and upwards. my son jeffrey and his acquaintance nickolas, both almost 9, give the appearance * * *. they both thought the scenes with petey represent among their favorites. nickolas also observe the setting in which the circus bear drives a landrover, and jeffrey peculiarly liked the one in which the circus elephant was touch to as dumbo. 