it ' south likely inevitable that the democratic virtual world literary genre (" the intercellular substance, " " existenz ") would collide with the still more pop consecutive - killer genre (" kiss the girls, " " se7en " ). the solution should have been more than interesting than " the cellular phone. " as the movie opens, therapist catharine deane (jennifer lopez) treats a catatonic male child (colton james) by participate his mind done some kind of virtual realism technique that ' s ne'er fully explained. after month of therapy seance in a surreal desert, catharine have no winner to report. meantime, killer carl stargher (vincent d ' onofrio) has claim another dupe. his special hobby is to kidnap young char, keep them in a methamphetamine hydrochloride cell overnight, and drown them. he takes the corpse and hock it in blanching agent, then suspend himself over the body and saccade off while watching a tv tape of the drowning. although carl ' s been behave this for awhile, he ' atomic number 16 latterly suit sloppy, and fbi agent peter novak (vince vaughn) is close in fast. not fast plenty, though, to keep open carl from sticking another woman (tara subkoff) in the cadre or to catch him before he suffers a schizophrenic flack that leaves him in a coma. from the videos in carl ' s house, peter can see that the drowning mobile phone be automated and will fill with water xl hours after the abduction. to save the kidnapped girl, shaft feature to find the cell before the end of the day, and comatose carl ' s non talking. so turned they go to catharine in the promise that she can go inside carl ' s mind and discover out where the cell be in time. the focus of " the cell " in on the flowery interior of carl ' s mind, but the universe manager tarsem singh create seems more an exercise in computer - generated spectacle than an geographic expedition of the psychotic personality. for the most part, information technology ' s style without substance. in his ain mind, carl be a decadent emperor in flowing robe, ming the merciless, every bit easily as a frightened boy (jake seth thomas) abused by his father. all in all, the mind of a psycho killer turns out to comprise a oddly dull place, and i observe wishing i could fast - forward to the next growing. singh is advantageously known for directing music video, in particular rem sleep ' s " losing my religion, " and " the cell " seems very much like a rattling long, really slow mtv television with the sound blue pencil. isaac m. singer lopez seems to think she ' south in a video every bit well; she devotes more time to posing in elaborate costume than she does to acting. the premise had corking promise. the information processing system - generated world within carl ' s mind could have been a bizarre, dreamlike existence regularise by insanity and symbolism rather than logical system. the initiative room catharine enters in carl ' s head prove this promise. she obtain a gymnastic horse standing in center of the room; suddenly, sheets of keen - butt against glass fall into the horse, dividing information technology into segments. the back breaker of glass reprint, pulling aside the slice of the still - living horse. this view is wriggle, vex, and thought - provoking, because the psychological grandness of the horse and its fate is left to the witness to muse. another element that should have been developed be the effect on catharine of merging with the mind of a sociopath. their intellect begin to bleed in concert at one point in the movie, and this should have offer an opportunity to discover the dark corners of catharine ' s ain brain. like sidney lumet ' s " the offense " or michael horace mann ' s " manhunter, " " the cellular telephone " could throw explored how the madness of the orca convey knocked out a repressed darkness in the research worker. however, catharine ' s theatrical role is barely developed at all, and lopez make no astuteness to extend the role. bottom crinkle: don ' t get trapped in this 1. 