the most interesting affair astir computer virus is that the title of the celluloid does not bring up to the clunky robotic animals that try to kill our heroes. alas, information technology refers to our heroes! as information technology turn over out, the unknown race that commit a estimator computer virus to earth (via the mir space place) thinks of the human race as a virus - - perhaps even a cancer - - that needs to be eradicated before it spreads any further. after all, we have taken up this entire planet, and if they let us live for another billion years operating theater and so, we power advance beyond our solar organization and into the next unity. but the human race doesn ' triiodothyronine have a great deal to occupy about. after all, there ' s a adult female call foster (jamie lee curtis) out thither stop the calculator virus. she ' s the chief navigator on a ocean vessel; travel with her is captain everton (donald sutherland ), steve baker (william baldwin ), woods (marshall bell ), squealing (julio oscar mechoso ), and richie (sherman gaius octavianus ). they ' re all navigation in a typhoon one lovely even out when they stumble across an enormous, give up russian artificial satellite ship in international waters. lucky for u, we already saw that the computing machine virus has taken over the ship and eliminated everyone on board. the vicious captain everton imagine he ' s go to take the ship in and get a reward; helium convinces his crew that there ' southward going to be big money, so they try to relieve the ship. soon, nevertheless, when information technology ' s apparent that no ace is on board and that the ship have no power, they agnize that something bad must have happened. finally, they fit nadia (joanna pacula) who explicate their situation: a information processing system virus has take over the ship! information technology ' s creating bio - mechanical spirit - shape to eliminate the human race! computer virus is a really dumb action thriller, 1 of trifling intelligence and innovation. when believe the intact film, you will realize that it lacks a individual original scene. it ' s a lineal riptide - off of nearly every james i cameron film (alien, the abyss, and the terminator films are the most plagiarized ); more importantly, information technology ' s essentially the like movie as terminal year ' s deep rising. ace like deep rising simply because it ' s suspicious - - information technology knows information technology ' s silly and derivative. computer virus takes itself seriously. and, in the most unplayful mode possible, it steal from every good and bad film of the literary genre, show you countless conversant scenes, and sporting a cookie - cutter plot that any film of the sci - fi / horror musical genre could fit with a fiddling trimming. simply what be and then amazing about virus is how ill the whole affair has been thought out. o.k., countenance me receive this straight - - the outlander raceway (which represent never really explained) be basically sentient electricity. they necessitate to make themselves physical, so they use a space post to get onto a ship (which personify besiege by water, merely who cares about that ). on the ship, they make a bunch of clunky, fast golem that somehow pour down trine c multitude. after that, they start using the idle the great unwashed to make half - human, half - political machine creatures that look like the eradicator only be much worse at walking around. the leader, of course, live a braggart creature. every flick like this have a big creature at the ending, merely the big creature in virus is thusly big that information technology has to pluck polish the walls to move around. computer virus is so a ready made film, merely the primal flaw lies in the fact that the computer virus just isn ' t really threaten. it ' s set up that they can simply flex off the office to stop it, just the computer virus has sealed the power way by the time our heroes get at that place. on one level, virus is almost fair to middling sport. information technology ' s really bloodstained, and a few of the fit have interesting camp appeal (the director, john st. bruno, worked on a lot of cameron ' s films ). there ' s also a dainty array of actors, still though none of them do any playing (except for donald sutherland, who does a lot of really bad playact ). the bottom melodic line, nonetheless, is this: virus equal a uncollectible movie. information technology rips off a lot of good moving picture show that are deserving seeing. in that order, i recommend that you rent any single of the stranger moving picture show, but to admire the qualities of a creature that actually threatens our heroes. 