* this review hold spoilers * as with most of her films, director amy heckerling ' s latest, loser, seesaws between unpleasant and unreal, and live sometimes both at once. when she tackles handsome offspring, such as miscarriage in fast time at ridgemont high, it ' s impossible to state whether she ' s being matter - of - fact or glib astir them (they carry an almost documentary absoluteness ), but whatever the case, she continually refuses to comment politically. such is the sitcom inclination of her work: to jeopardize the innocence of her fiber and then hit the reset button. this care of drama acidulate me on libertine prison term. .. , look who ' s talking, clueless, and now loser, in which ms. heckerling too demonstrates, for the maiden time, nothing affinity for the milieu. give birth anyone, for instance, ever met a girl in the stylistic vein of mena suvari ' s dora? attired in shameful parsimoniousness, her eye shadow smeared to racoon chic and her bangy red hair barely contained by girlish clip, she accepts the label of goth, but no self - respecting tike girl ever admitted to digging, as dora do, those geriatric rockers everclear, nor volitionally fit anywhere with a six - pack - wielding fratboy stranger. the car mechanic of failure ' s tired old introvert - boy - fall - for - extrovert - girl plot drive it protagonists into ethnical not - specificity, so that they become even less than stereotype. they become walking wardrobe. small - town transplant paul (a queerly static jason biggs ), our eponymous hero, ever wears his woolly hunter ' s cap with flaps covering the ears, and beneath it rests a parted moptop that couldn ' t scream " shemp " (the lame goat) wig louder. helium has three smug - look roommates (the ace - dimensional trio be not supposed to be crony, but they plowshare similar facial features, including and especially mouths ), and their fashion sense is incomprehensibly glam. though they ' ra not overtly transvestites, heckerling seems to be equating floridness with villainousness; how very cruising of her. ( the dormies conspire to evict apostle of the gentiles and regularly molest womanhood they have drugged. dora ignorantly downs 1 of their date brassica napus potions. unfortunately, either heckerling or the studio is too cowardly to intromit if she was subsequently rape. ) when paul rescue dora from said narcotic scare, he learns that she is dating their oleaginous european literature professor edward vi alcott (brilliant greg kinnear ). although paul ' s already in love with dora by this item, as be bound to take place to losers when pretty girls address them by name, he gets altruistic and pretend the flowers helium bought her are really from louisa may alcott. she ' s thrilled, merely withal spends a few days at paul ' s to recuperate; the two bond over emergency kitten surgery and a broadway play (" cabaret " ), and just when paul ' s got in his forefront that she ' s starting to know him back in that non - friendly way, she decides to become alcott ' s springy - in girl. cue precious hommage to the graduate, shots of paul drifting around george berkeley - - atomic number 68. .. ( aside: simon & garfunkel ' s " petroselinum crispum, salvia, rosemary & thyme " should never get follow allow in another motion picture. ) heckerling has a fortune in common with nora " you ' ve got ring armor " ephron, the merely other prominent chick directing comedies today, in that neither have any role for strong - willed woman. men continue to trod on dora until the caustic end (in the final vista, she gives paul a big smooch after he blurts out his feelings in what amounts to a creepy ultimatum ), and dora ultimately shrugs off live drugged against her will - - mere hours after paul hints to her that she was poisoned, she ' s cheerily redecorating his apartment. ( heckerling is so laissez - faire about the effect in general that she reserves the comeuppance of the would - be rapist for jokey epilog deed. ) goth facing aside, there are an awful lot of girls out there world health organization behave every bit erratically as dora, and enough tempestuous young dude filmmakers to make picture about them. heckerling misses her shot at having dora transform herself into a role model, and while such arcs crataegus oxycantha not be heckerling ' s social responsibleness, information technology is a privilege i would have taken vantage of if i were in her shoes. ( deal, too, that dora is the movie ' s sole female main. ) non that loser be worth contemplating this in earnest - - idol knows heckerling didn ' t. that be her hallmark. ( - - - for more than initiative - run, videodisk, and books - astir - motion picture show reviews, plus contests and the proverbial " to a greater extent! ", sojourn ' film freak central, ' @ hypertext transfer protocol: / / filmfreakcentral. lucre --- ) 