robin williams, this prison term without a beard, returns to drama in this slapdash, sickly dessert fantasy with few redeem features apart from the unbelievable effects. he play chris nielsen, who meets annie (annabella sciora) and promptly marry her. they have two great kids, world health organization sadly give out in a elevator car crash. scarcely when it couldn ' t take any forged, chris gets killed in a railcar clank, and goes to heaven where he meets his guide albert (gooding jnr. ) annie can ' t take the brokenheartedness anymore, and kill herself. ( all sounding like good fun hence far? ) the ' penalty ' for suicide be to go to hell, and chris goes on a mission to try and rescue her using the help of the traveler (max von sydow. ) establish on a novel by twilight zone writer richard matheson, what dreams may come exist clunky, manufacture cloth souse with a spare encumbrance of sugar. this be the worse spielberg film steven spielberg ne'er made. everything be wrong about this pic: the performances are forced, and the audiences conk out to tie in to any of the character. williams puts on a convincing distressed font, just that ' s all it is: a face. in that location ' southward no emotion behind it. sciora ' s carrying into action is work shy, and bogs down the whole celluloid. she crataegus oxycantha look pretty, but she can ' t act. max von sydow is o. k as the traveler, if nix special. republic of cuba gooding junior, gratefully, tally some bounce to his carrying into action, and be certainly the best performer in the film. it ' s a disgrace that his reference is so flat and 2 - viosterol, and declare oneself no room for improvement. entirely the performer have to work with a soppy script, that tries information technology ' s best to get some emotion live, but never take off the primer coat. thither are _some_ scene which could be actual heartwarmers, but the faceless characters don ' thyroxin help to get anything knocked out of the performers. while films like es. t used slap up actor, medicine and direction to pull of a virtuoso heart - tugging scene, what dreams may come is slipshod, expecting the emotion to come out of the panorama mechanically. instead, it ' s all sooner oil production. for sure, the medicine is pretty (by michael kamen) and the cinematography international relations and security network ' t big (by eduardo serra) only in that location ' s something lacking. the script doesn ' thymine assistance, filled with hopeless wild eyed clich? s, and dud speech. richard matheson can write some awing scientific discipline fabrication stories, deplorably this novel would look embarrassed in a bargain bin, countenance exclusively comprise exchange into a $ 70 1000000 vehicle for robin williams. despite being mark in shangri la, what dreams english hawthorn come is mightily depress. the flick cannonball along a happy ending, but everything before this be very, very lamentable and black, which scarcely summate to have the ending even more hopeless and stupid. just there ' s one redeeming feature astir this loser of a pic: the special effect. heaven and inferno are unfeignedly incredible places, and the actors equip perfectly with the virtual sets. but despite this, what dreams whitethorn come, turn out to be nothing only the biggest disappointment of 1998. instead of rear questions astir world, it raises boredom. unhappily, i recommend you give this film a young woman. better fortune future time, robin. a david wilcock brushup? 1998 " you cognise, for thomas kyd " - norville barnes 