movies don ' t come often to a greater extent ridiculously style than " i stock still recognize what you do last summertime, " but since the movie in question is best identify as ridiculous, the title sort of works as a word of advice. more than a silly - sounding mouthful to blurt out to the ticket vendor, this horror sequel ' s moniker also contains a grievous oversight that anyone who saw the original will live capable to spot: what " you " did _last_ summer " you " actually did the summer _before_ last summertime, and since " i " knew astir it _this_ summer as substantially as _last_ summer, it ' s really illogical to say that " i " _still_ know what " you " did _last_ summer. the film producer would have at least make sense with the shorter " i still have it off, " the long " ace still know what you did two summers ago " or the appropriate " stupid the great unwashed getting cut up to bits. " that last suggestion is the preferable single since the characters in this film do things that represent the polar antonym of smart. for example, if your roommate embody plagued by terrible nightmares as a resultant of being stalked and nearly bump off not long ago, would you sneak into her elbow room late at night and hide in the closet, even if it was just to turn up and borrow a cute little dress? probably non, just that ' s precisely what college student karla (pop diva brandy) make out to best quaker julie (jennifer love hewitt ), resulting in the first in a long line of bastard fearfulness. julie, you ' ll recall, was one of the sole survivors at the end of 1997 ' s surprisal strike " i know what you did last summer, " after a slasher with a grudge to bear - it ' s a _long_ story - began trying to pick off her, her buddies and various others in their coastal carolina small town. in this installment, the plot pick up as karla make headway a trip to the bahamas, and julie, yet racked by guilty conscience, decide that maybe a tropical getaway leave help ease her mind. yeah, correctly. their island paradise make way, of path, for one more than in the form of the still - alive killer (muse watson) from the first pic. helium sports the same gorton ' s fisher get - up, a heavy hat and pelting slicker that mask his identity, but why he ' s still examine to remain anon. is a mystery this film never solves. .. though one suppose his hook - hand would face funny protruding from the arm of a leisure time courtship. in a good sense, that ' s the movie ' s glaring defect - everybody knows world health organization the bad guy embody, so evaporating the level of paranoid tension nicely sustained by it prequel. the slaying and attempted murders in that film make up vivid and shuddery, simply trey callaway ' s derivative " i still have intercourse " screenplay makes the fisherman just every bit dumb as his pretty potential victim. when julie lays blissfully unaware in a whipping bed, giving him a perfect hazard to wreak vengeance once and for all, what does he make? he wriggle - ties the lid shut and cranks astir the uv ray - you ' d think helium ' d want her gutted now instead of a skin cancer the crab victim later on. yet prequel " summer " lovers might balk at how piddling there is here beyond sporadically amusing ridiculousness and a few neat - o shots of blood flowing from tone teenage flesh. the innovative gallows humor that copyist (and " scream " wunderkind) kevin williamson injected into " i know " ' s unfold story is sorely missed, replaced with the grate antics of a white rastafarian cabana boy world health organization smokes weed and thrash off argot like " yo "; you ' ll cheer - not shriek - when he ends up with a brace of hedgetrimmers firmly implanted in his chest. if " i know what you did last summertime, " however effective, was just the kind of movie that those subversive " shrieking " flicks poked fun at, and then the mortal " i still have it away what you did last summer " deserves a full - pursy roast on " mystery science theatre 3000. " 