the previews for the flick be pretty good. they show a little plot of ground, all the characters, and the excited highlighting, all spliced together to give a general imprint of the script. unfortunately, the wide movie sum null but 115 minutes. the residents of mystery passion hockey. mystery and hockey go together like texas and high school day football game. the townsfolk love hockey game so much that they even acquit a instrumentalist world health organization ' s guilty of fritter away another human (yes, that ' s one of the movie ' s jest. ) every saturday, the good players pair turned for a biz, and the whole town fare to watch. the township ' s prodigal son charlie (hank azaria) compose an article on the hebdomadal game for sports illustrate. mystery ' s interior celebrity has the town abuzz. a week later, charlie in reality shows up in someone, and helium brings with him an go from the nhl. the new york rangers will fare to mystery to play the locals. the mysterians see this as both proficient and regretful. on the one hired man, they ' d love to stimulate the celebrity and the money of such an expo. on the other handwriting, they get into ' t need to turn over improving as the butt of leno and letterman jokes. the movie follows a handful of lives that are involve by the proposal. biebe (russell crowe) have just be retired from the squad and is asked to train the boys, including his novel replacement. helium ' s already resentful, and to top it cancelled charlie has been making eyes at his wife. crowe is not given a lot of room to act in this photographic film, so helium ' s just kind of stuck with incessantly brooding. charlie, in the meantime, is resentful of having born in a town where ice hockey be the only measure of a homo ' s worth. his " endowment " of the feature story, and of the new york rangers, was his means of counterbalance for not be a better skater. he hoped it would earn him some obedience and merit, merely the townspeople bump reasons to retain dislike him. burt reynolds could bear been occupy as bruno walter, the jurist whose courtroom was maculate by a moronic jury of hockey buff. walter actually has some experience with collegiate hockey, merely helium actively tries to put it behind him. he wants his son to direct the game more seriously, just helium wants his community to just make over information technology. reynolds could have been serious, merely sloppy composition and / or editing keep bruno walter in the nook, and then reynolds never really receive to pull his performance all together. unmatched character actually was interesting. biebe ' s wife (mary mccormack ), like the jurist, understood that at that place be more to life than ice hockey. only unlike him she has come to accept the skewed sight of the community of interests. she chose the town and her married man with her heart all inclusive open. her unique insight is verbalise once, and information technology live on only a scene before it is gone, but her performance persuade the breath of some deeper wisdom of solomon. mysterty, alaska follows a handful of former characters, but none are advantageously highly developed or worth mentioning. the prominent trouble with this movie is that in that location be no real heart to the fib, no underlying affair that the motion picture show is genuinely about. or else, circle and screenwriters david e. kelley and sean type o ' byrne try to wad the entire human condition into this fun comedy. they try to make you laugh and cry, to feel outrage and pride. they exhibit the frame and metre for jokes, but there ' s nix truly funny. they read befittingly staged scenes of sadness, merely they give you nil to be really sad about. as columnist molly ivins would tell, it ' s all hat, no bos taurus. the perfect opportunity arises for rophy to say what this movie is really about. in that location is a funeral scene, played with appropriate gravitation and sombre music. it is a chance for the characters to reflect on their lives and resolve what ' s really authoritative. russell crowe steps forward to speak, about to spell out out the movie ' entropy metaphor for us. he says that what really matter in life be " residential area. .. . " and then adds " and field hockey. " i guess these mysterians truly are equally shallow as they appear. only mildly bad, mystery, alaska likely merit 2 mavin. i even laugh out loud, genuine laugh in place. but i dock it an extra half ace when microphone myers, a quaker of roach, turned improving in a role that didn ' t courting him. myers be a comic character actor. atomic number 2 puts on masks, becomes an outrageous caricature, and is queer. helium ' s slap up as austin powers, dr. evil, or any of his scottish characters. nobody else in mysterty, alaska be a mirthful caricature. all the early people have the feeling of dramatic fiber in semi - serious roles. for roach to bring in myers for a few cheap gag shows incredible contempt toward the sleep of his cast, toward his consultation, and indeed toward the film itself. it ' s an acknowledgment by the managing director that the plastic film personify not worth taking gravely. 