i appear at the " net movie database " ' s awards incision for this film, and found that this cost nominated for a lucky globe for " best depiction (drama ). " anyone who ' s seen this film tin back me upwards on this: this is the speculative of the " great " disaster films, and that ' sulfur not really saying a muckle for this film. " seism " is basically notable because information technology originally included some theatre matter where the theatre shook when the large earthquake occured. on video, it ' s a bland and slow - moving film which gives us a bunch of different characters (the calamity film necessary ), then brings them together in the struggle against the self aggrandizing disaster. while this worked in, say, " the towering snake pit, " information technology doesn ' triiodothyronine here for one individual reason: we don ' t tutelage about any of the fibre. the plastic film gives us charlton heston (in one of many crap 70s celluloid he made, including " skyjacked " and that classic, " soylent green ") as a rich man married to ava gardner, who is having a little affair with a young single mom (genieveve bujold ); a renegade police officer on suspension (george kennedy, in his least humored performance ); in the second weirdest subplot, a motorcycle stuntman (richard roundtree, right after his " shaft " thing) whose big stunt is he goes on a little track that goes upside down (yea, snore ); and the weirdest subplot: a military man / bag boy at a grocery store who has a little thing for buxom victoria principal, and eventually gets vengeance on those guy who made fun of his hair (! !! ). in humble subplots, there ' s a pointless bit about people who are fly over cubic decimetre. a. (the city in the film, by the way ), unmatchable who ' s playing cards and married to a boring non - acting husband (you call up this one can go nowhere? guessing again. he gets concerned in the final frames ); there ' s genieveve bujold ' s moron son, who have a slight dangerous undertaking with wires; and for some much - call for comedy, in that respect ' s walter matthau (billed as walter mutha. ... - the only joke in the plastic film ), as a wild drunkard, who ' s big moment is a saltation he does at a critical prison term. as for the existent " earthquake, " it ' s preferably a lashkar e tayyiba - downwardly. thither ' south a full hour of character - setups, none of which is interest, then about 10 minute of shaking, crumbling, and a bit where a theatre almost fall on bujold (narrowly missing ). this cinema needed that unanimous theater - shaking: they needed to wake everybody up because they comprise therefore bored. there ' s little suspense following the earthquake, although this film tries for information technology. on that point ' s an adventure in a crumbling high - ascent authority building, the wire with the youngster, and the movement of people who are all injured. only none of these be all - too suspenseful. the stopping point with the heston / erle stanley gardner / bujold love triangle is ended in a basic flip - of - the - coin bit, which fetch come out a prominent let - downward. and there ' s no veridical closing curtain. even " volcano " end nicely, and that movie truly suck in. not only be it hokey, but you don ' tonne care about any quality. world health organization cares if heston dies? who care if he choses bujold beaver state gardner (although 1 would get prefer gardner, chiefly on the basis that she can actually act )? who cares if richard roundtree makes money on his unintelligent " stunt? " world health organization cares if that idiot kid fall to his death on some telegram? and who cares astir that whole plane line of gab? if anything, " earthquake " be worth a viewing for the like understanding " glen beaver state glenda? " equal. i mean, i laughed at this more than iodine manage at " bio bean. " simply that ' s another story (and critique ). in short, " quake " gives tragedy pics a forged name. 