ironically, one of the themes of 200 butt follow that you should taste to make the estimable of every moment in life. unfortunately i will no longer be able bodied to say that i lived every moment of my life to the total, because i spent 95 otherwise perfectly just minutes, watching this lamentable excuse for a movie. in reality smoking two hundred cigaret in the same 95 hour couldn ' t be any worse for you than it be to watch the movie. non only is it a pathetically bad film overall, only two hundred cigarettes really has no redeem qualities whatsoever. the plot be scattered, thin and predictable; the playing is monumentally bad; and the panache of picture fashioning resembles a home telecasting. it cost december thirty one, 1981 and the big party is at monica ' southward (martha plimpton) house. simply no one hold arrived yet. her 8 invited guests and respective citizenry that they accept picked throughout the evening are drift the streets of new york city in various groups. some of them know each other through with their common chemical bond of having slept with monica, and some are full strangers. but they all are to face their ain personal neuroses before night ' s end. those world health organization are invited are the unity that have the issues. it is up to those who aren ' t to aid them come to terms. first there is eric (brian mccardie) who comprise a erstwhile boyfriend of monica ' s and is barely getting over the heartbreak of their kinship terminating prematurely because of his sexual carrying into action, beaver state want thereof. he live one of the almost bland characters, in a movie full of dullness, because helium is so utterly predictable and stereotypical, a common trait of this inadequate yield. bridget (nicole parker) and caitlyn (angela featherstone) world health organization are both extremely sensuous new women looking for someone to handle their desires on newfangled twelvemonth ' s eve and tag along to the party with them. they stumble across a nameless barman (ben affleck) world health organization is the one truly perfect character in a film of imperfections. he is nether sexually deprived, nor unsealed astir his future, as helium is in law school. his lack of flaws equal both boring, unrealistic and painful to watch. as bridget and caitlyn make passing game at him you be neither entertained nor humored by the sub - standard comedy. moving on, in that respect be val (christina ricci) and stephie, (gabby dustin hoffman) 2 teenage girls with fake identification and really unlike thoughts. val be monica ' s cousin and a true fan of the new york panorama. on the early hand, stephie be convinced that she is vulnerable to law breaking when the deuce venture out of their common locations in search of the political party that they just now can ' t find. paradoxically, it represent 2 punk rocker that they meet at a bar (in reality they attempt to flee from their presence, but aren ' t successful) world health organization steer them through their fears and force a level of relaxation upon their warped minds. of all the insanely dull and uninteresting couple, only when unitary approaches a level of decency in both act and game. sagely, the movie ' sulphur creators have put big emphasis on lucy (courtney love) and kevin (paul scardinius erythrophthalmus) who are best friends and share the usual adherence of being dateless. paul has merely break up with long time steady ellie (janeane garofalo) and equal starting to come to price with his loss when lucy inform him that ellie have got been sleep around during their family relationship. however, the only complexity to these two fictional character is that they seem to want to be more than than protagonist, and that is reiterated when they attempt sexual intercourse in a bathroom stall on more than one social function during this strange evening. finally, there are the 2 spoilt carrying out and worst sub - plot of the plastic film. jack (jay mohr) and cindy (kate henry hudson) have been going prohibited for a short period of time and jack just learned that he took cindy ' s virginity the nighttime before. while she undertake to act this down and be her common self, he is a predictably self loathing male as he attempts to dish out with a cosmic string of one and only night stands that includes the recently deflowered cindy. very often, when a film is equally putrid as this production, in that respect will at least be a decent calibre of film make to reveal an occasional moment of glory. however, this moving picture has neither the quality of motion picture photography nor the present moment of glory to embody highlighted. instead, what you suffer is a collection of rough and discrepant cuts, unfit continuity and inaccuracies. first, and most noticeable be that as the film goes from one subplot to another, there be no apparent gild that it follows, and information technology is also weekened by unnecessarily edgy edits from view to scene and stab to shot. at former times, objects seem to catch up and actuate and hairstyles and costumes change from shot to shaft. there cost also at least quaternion scenes in a taxicab cab that operate from start to finish. not in a single one of them does anybody pay the device driver. and yet, no topic how measly this film whitethorn be, and no issue how inadequate the acting is all approximately, at that place was a ray of a hope for these many bad plot. perhaps, if the makers had only resolve to concentrate on 1 or two oregon, perhaps, even three, there might let been the prison term and chance for some character development, or quality acting, or even a decent plot of ground payoff at the death. just it didn ' t happen that mode. the cast of quality public figure actors was forced into function that not still one of them could convert into a second rate carrying out, and every tarradiddle line crashed and burned quicker than it takes for the glob to drop at midnight. 