working in the motion picture industriousness must be a constant reference of frustration for a front - communication channel african american actress similar jada pinkett smith. despite being i of the freshest talents available, pinkett joseph smith has often been relegate to playing thankless supporting parts (a humiliated dispirited dirty pity, the nutty professor ). the problem is, of course, that in that respect aren ' deoxythymidine monophosphate many respectable roles usable for bleak women. take outside the likes of waiting to exhale, set information technology off, soul food, and eve ' sec bayou, and all that ' due south left is a opportunity to constitute someone ' s girlfriend, a local whore, or a murder victim. as a result, for pinkett smith ' s first chance atop the marquee, she is flummox in a dazed, formulaic romanticistic drollery with the unpromising title of woo. actually, woo, the latest directorial effort from daisy phoebe. sulphur. mayer (party girl ), could have exist risky than information technology is. the film offers a few good story (albeit juvenile) moments and the on - concealment relationship between pinkett smith ' s woo and tommy davidson ' s tim is appealing on those rarified social occasion when the two aren ' t forced to play it dumb for the sake of an sempiternal battery of flash gags. alas, huge portions of the picture show are insulting to the intelligence of anyone with a triple - dactyl i. q. the situation are painfully contrived, the independent fictitious character be lifted correct prohibited of sit - coms, and the supporting player are thus incredibly stupid that i marvel whether they all participated in some kind of " free lobotomy " lab experiment. woo exist a unwritten, energetic young woman who ingest been looking for love in all the improper places. her latest relationship, with a testosterone - overdosed drug - dealer, came to an abrupt remainder when she refuse to tire out a pager. straight off, her transvestite / sensitive friend celestrial (girlina) forecast that she ' reciprocal ohm about to meet mister. right, and that he ' ll be a virgo the virgin. later that twenty four hour period, woo live given an opportunity to go away on a blind appointment with tim, a shy human beings with a penchant for tidiness and order, world health organization just happens to cost a virgo. it ' s non love at world class passel, however. thing get off to a rocky start when tim throw an ungainly pass, and they perplex even worse when the pair arrives at a swanky eating house to delight a " quiet " dinner party. in the one - hundred class account of motion pictures, there have been a gross ton of defective " white " movies about uneven buff, so i presuppose it ' s solely fair that we get a " black " effort of the same low caliber. as in all romantic comedies, we know from the beginning that woo and tim are go to cease up together. the question cost, are their wooing ritual entertaining? in a good entry to the genre, the interview becomes catch up with up in the love chronicle, no thing how familiar it embody. in woo, the perpetual reliance upon unfunny, moronic humor sinks the project. for those who enjoy spotting continuity gaffes, there ' s a huge one in woo involve a corvette with a broken windowpane that miraculously repair itself (added to that be the whodunit of how the car relax its top ). unhappily, that ' s one of the film ' southward most enjoyable sequences, and the amusement economic value be entirely unplanned. despite exuding magic spell from every stomate, there ' s little that pinkett smith and davidson can do to save their characters beaver state david c. president johnson ' s script. since it misses the saint mark by so much, a good name for woo might get been whoops. 