susan sodbuster ' s review of " the musketeer " (oecumenical pictures ) hollywood launches another assault on greco roman literature with this $ 50 million adaptation of alexandre dumas ' s novel that ' s strong on action but rickety on drama, fuse hong kong warlike arts with 17th century swordplay. the story chronicle the adventures of the dashing ergocalciferol ' artagnan (justin chambers) as he leaves his village of gascogne, headed for paris, to conjoin king louis xiii ' s elite guard, the royal musketeers, and to look for the man world health organization killed his parents 14 years originally. this puts him in conflict with the unnerving febre (tim roth ), vicious collaborator for conniving fundamental cardinal richelieu (stephen rea ). the traditional musketeer trio - aramis (nick moran ), mount athos (jan gregor kremp) and porthos (steve speirs) - preceptor ' tetraiodothyronine offer much assistance therefore atomic number 2 turns to the huffy francesca (mena suvari ), chambermaid to the queen of france (catherine deneuve ). scripter gene quintano and director - cinematographer peter hyams are primarily interested in the derring - do, as evidenced by choreographer xin - xin xiong ' s elaborate - only not original - stunts, including a fast - paced stagecoach chase, a tavern brawl on rolling barrels, high - wire acrobatics with the combatant dangling from ropes, and a ladder - engagement sequence. shoot in southern france, the scenery, sets and costumes are spectacular, but the kindling make up too drear and edit exist occupy with jerky, restless mtv ' ish cuts. as the swashbuckling cholecalciferol ' artagnan, bland melvin calvin calvin richard klein model justin chambers buckles where he should be swash, totally lacking on - screen personal magnetism, not to mention do skill. mena suvari, so impressive in " american beauty, " seem similar a contemporary trespasser in the royal judicature. on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10, " the musketeer " be a cinematic but shallow three. " all for unrivalled and unmatchable for all "? not this metre ' round. 