kids today, they don ' thyroxin just need to see heartthrob and master thespian freddie prinze junior. love on the peeress. no, they want to look him do something that takes a little to a greater extent in the acting department: namely, playing baseball game. through a series of sentimental voiceovers, we are inform that there ' siemens no good proving ground for major league baseball game than the cape seedcase summer baseball leagues, where college also - rans and hopeful dropouts go to play in the promise of attracting big league attention. our human being freddie have land a spot as a mound on the prestigious chatham a ' atomic number 16, where he is hop for his large break. it ' s only after he is given ample fourth dimension to show off his abs and scamper about in a woman ' s g string (don ' t ask) that we learn what the veridical story of summer match will be: that prinze is a poor townie named ryan dunne, struggling to nominate a name for himself; that neither his father (fred ward) nor brother (jason gedrick) draw themselves out of their blue collar jobs and resent anyone who tries; and that the local beauty tenley - - tenley! ( jessica biel) - - cost so far taboo of his conference that he plausibly shouldn ' t even bother. .. but of course atomic number 2 get to a gambol for her. summer catch also makes an unsuccessful twinge at another half a dozen subplots - - the jealousy of fellow townie and audacious slut dee dee (brittany murphy ), the disaffection feel by ryan ' s non - baseball acting best friend (gabriel mann ), or the fat chick fetish of fellow participant mile (marc blucas ). worst of these exist a idiotic bit involving that ' 70s show ' s wilmer valderrama and beverly d ' angelo, both of whom appear in the film plainly to provide a nutty mrs. robinson - like substory and to prompt you of how much good done that was in bull durham. in fact, virtually all of summer taking into custody feels like it ' s been manage better someplace else. for neophyte, the film make a major question of identity. it ' s definitely not a sports film, and it fails moderately miserably at being a latinian language. the worst persona be the amateurish playscript (co - written by an arli $ $ writing alumna and a guy that starred in leprechaun terzetto ), wedge - full of phony emotion. by the final stage, it all get a platform for each character to deliver a soliloquy to ryan that he moldiness take to affection. dad is on hand to give fatherly yet bibulous advice. coach (brian dennehy, scarcely loving the fact that he ' sulphur got some workplace on the large screen) is on hired man to pass on the curmudgeonly counterpoint. ryan ' reciprocal ohm backstop (matthew lillard, playing himself again) be on script to tell ryan to " play catch " with him and build fun of the fat fetish guy. ryan ' s lapidator best admirer is on hand to give the disco biscuit - get - ' em quad - panthera tigris - we ' ray - behind - you speak. and the girl represent on paw to give heartwarming - nuzzly - follow - your - dreams counsel. before long, you start to wonder: is freddy prinze jr. is up to of bear a thinking of his own? father ' t answer that. the only real joyfulness in the moving picture is found in biel ' s character, and not barely because of the skimpy outfits, which are also ordinarily wet. she ' s the only one in the movie that is able to do a lot with her role, take the rise up - against - daddy character to at least a passing level. when she ' s on screen, the time fly sheet by. when she ' s non, you realize that for some iniquitous understanding this movie be about two hour long. for a pg - baker's dozen adolescent romance (despite dear - perpetual intimate innuendo ), one ingest to ask warner brothers: what were you thinking? ?? for her part, biel has fall so far from her 7th heaven roots that she have nearly get denise richards. hollywood is either about to eat her alive. .. operating theater vice versa. either path, good fortune, jessica. as for freddie, if he keeps pump teen romance out at the charge per unit of two a year, prinze ' s side by side " summer apprehension " represent unresistant to be a genital disease. 