the world class in a really long list of things untimely with " i still acknowledge what you did last summertime " be the title. think about it for a 2d. if the last movie was call " 1 know what you did net summer ", wouldn ' t the next motion picture show have to be " i still jazz what you do deuce summers ago "? if anyone turn on this movie consume an i. q. majuscule than five would get thought about information technology logically and said, " hey. .. wait a moment ". but alas, the citizenry behind this pic are obviously idiots, so i win ' t hold them to that. what i leave hold them to is the fact that they have a pretty spoilt movie on their hands, still for a teenage slasher flick. i guess i ' m one of the few critic world health organization actually form of liked the original film (stress on the " kind of " ). it wasn ' t great or anything and mayhap not still necessarily good, merely at least information technology didn ' t have maine glancing at my watch every minute or hence like information technology ' s continuation did. there are simply indeed many problems with this movie that it ' s intemperate trying to figure out where to get down. first of all, 1 guess, constitute the scene. the movie proffer no rational reason wherefore the movie had to take berth in the bahamas, other than the fact that the producers desire a seaside setting. exactly wherefore do the fisherman require to go through all the trouble of faking a radio competition to bewilder julie james ii (jennifer love hewitt, one of the only survivors of the first film) and her newfangled college buddies out to the islands before he hacks them up? the movie suffers from this form of logic totally the way through. in one scene, julie be in a tanning cubicle at a deserted gym when the drug addicted fisherman with the slicker come in and seals upwards the booth so the damsel in distress can ' t have forbidden, no matter how hard she render. when julie discover she ' s going to slowly fry to death, she screams for help and her booster come to her rescue. now, this be all fine and dandy except for single thing; rather of outgo 5 minute trying to bust open the john wilkes booth, why not just change state the freakin ' affair cancelled? in another vista, i of the characters, after having their significant other all but decollate by the man in the slicker, says to julie, " simply don ' t tell anybody it rained the whole time. " oh yeah, i ' ve just been terrorized by a hook maintain psychopath and had some of my best ally gruesomely mow down, but hey, i ' ll crack cocaine joke anyway. after all, it is in the book. the film ' siemens only saving state of grace are a few well - executed suspense sequences and a actually cool cameo by the " ray - animator himself, jeffrey combs. he brings some honest comical relief and life to an differently limp motion picture show. way to go, jeffrey. i bear a intuition that the grounds this film fizzles while the first one at least kept it ' s head teacher above water is the late absence of writer kevin williamson. with " scream " and still it ' s sequel, atomic number 2 display a real talent as a screenwriter. his ear for dialogue and the terrific endings he puts on all his films pee him a standout from all the rest of the horror writers, and i intend " i still know " has really suffer by not having him on circuit board. the cool atmosphere is still in that respect this metre around, simply i just now didn ' t like the theatrical role or the writing as much as single did in the foremost single. even though the movie doesn ' t have williamson, information technology still has a hacky stop, trying to do what kevin coiffure with the first two " scream " s by (some may consider this a spoiler, but if you have seen any horror movies whatsoever, then you should represent able to judge the identity of the madman within twenty minute) having two killers and, this time, having one of them being a family member to the other. i call up someone in the audience invest information technology best when, after the movie had end with another " the killer whale is back! " cliffhanger, helium said " world health organization be this metre, the grandma? " all in all, " i still know " attempt to be every bit successful as the initiative the film be, but really run out in the attempt. i mean value, information technology ' s okay when slasher movies rend - off each other, simply when they set off copying themselves. .. 