it appear like the staring concept. what better for the farrelly blood brother, famous for writing and directing comedies with offensive subject subject, than to defecate a movie astir a guy wire with a split personality? information technology ' s exactly the form of thing the blood brother relish: poking fun at something serious (in this case genial sickness ), throw all care to the wind instrument to get a jape. jim carrey ' sulfur signed on too? still better. the national alliance for the mentally ill even help out by levy complaints against the brothers ' raw film before it opening, claiming it be misrepresenting the stipulation of split up personality, labeling it incorrectly as " schizophrenic disorder, " and so forth. such a protest seemed like hardly the sort of thing that would, of course, only add more fuel to the farrelly brother ' fire, show that some mass just now couldn ' deoxythymidine monophosphate take a trick, and that the farrellys would be helping the more enlightened viewers to yet another dose of their brilliantly subversive comedy. yes, information technology all seem perfect, but one thing go wrong: their movie international relations and security network ' t funny remark. information technology ' s not for lack of trying. the farrellys utilize in " pine tree state, myself & irene " their most high - concept premise ever: carrey play charlie baileygaites, a man world health organization after being dumped by his wife for a nanus limo driver, decides to entomb all his aggressive tactual sensation deep down inside and never release them. this, of line, intend all his neighbour exploit his totally too - absolvitory nature, making his job as a rhode island state trooper more and more difficult. soon enough, charlie ' mho repressed aggression manifests itself into a second, independent personality name hank, a deep - sound, neanderthal demon unafraid of taking the assertive actions his precursor feature been ineffectual to muster up. this guy isn ' t above crashing a car through the paries of the barber shop in which he ' s been insulted, surgery holding a little lady friend ' s psyche underwater because she refused to stop jump - roping in the street. then thing start up getting lost in the most complicated plot of land the farrellys have ever seek, and the film run off its tracks. some have suggested that this international relations and security network ' t a problem, because the farrelly brothers ' marque of humor doesn ' t require plot to function. they ' ray wrong, of track: plot was greatly instrumental in building up the variety of rollick comic vigour that instill the farrellys ' last effort, 1996 ' s " on that point ' s something about mary. " ( 1999 ' s " outside providence " make up technically an early project. ) the brothers ' earlier celluloid wasn ' t funny story merely because it contained outrageous gags (despite what some newsmagazine article would have you believe ), just rather because its most horrific gags were entirely unexpected. in " virgin mary, " the farrellys managed several time to get out turned a neat sleight - of - hand trick: they ' d have you thinking the story cost conk out unrivalled way of life, then reveal its real direction in delightfully surprising fashion. " maine, myself & irene, " by line, seems to have been make by folks world health organization take care at " mary " and saw only the open vulgarism, missing all of the subtle machinations that really made it work. having been produced by the same guys who make " mary, " " irene " seem similar an yet bigger dashing hopes. the buddy pile on the offensive humor, taking dig at race, midgets, albino, mental illness, and all fashion of can gag. only they haven ' t come up with a way to make any of information technology fresh most of " pine tree state, myself & irene " comes cancelled as rote, by - the - numbers, adolescent comedy. the plot, with carrey forced to repulse supposed fugitive irene p. water (renee zellweger ), who ' s in to a greater extent trouble than anyone knows, backward to new york, have an cease that ' s whole predictable from the get - go. ( think charlie and irene will go down in love life? yeah, me to a fault. ) the farrellys then introduce scores of different characters, and none of them ever deal to do anything you haven ' t already ask them to do, no topic how outrageous their actions mightiness be. compare to the curveballs the farrellys be used to throwing, this stuff be almost exclusively flaccid - tossed, presenting an obvious problem: when staring - out mood loses its seismic disturbance value, it ' s no longer funny, only gross. the jokes that do work cost milked over and over until their effectualness runs wry. take, for example, the subplot involving charlie ' s leash fatal boy (anthony philip anderson, mongo brownlee, jerod mixon ). the incongruousness of it all is curious for a while, with iii burly black men discussing higher math in ghetto spoken communication and white - bread carrey mouthing said language with an entirely too - pleasant smile on his expression. but by the remainder of the film, they ' ra notwithstanding make the same schitck it hasn ' t been raise to another, suspicious level, and information technology hasn ' t be dropped either. that ' s also bad, because it ceases to be amusing astir halfway through. " me, myself & irene " reeks of wasted opportunities. in that location ought to be more focus on how other masses react to charlie ' s raw personality, and on how charlie deal with the consequences of hank ' s actions. this doesn ' t truly happen nearly every patronage character learns about charlie ' s precondition early on, so they don ' thymine have any opportunity to be surprise by it. the film throws what front like a patent farrelly curve in a scene towards the midway point (involving an albino companion charlie and irene pick up call, appropriately, " whitey " ), only the script doesn ' t go anywhere with it, instead leaving the yarn twisting in the confidential information before awkwardly tying it up during the climax. jim carrey is a gifted comedian, both physically and vocally, but helium ' s left with nothing much to do here except contort himself in a way alike to steve martin in " all of me. " it ' s a great show window of flexibility and rip - 2d role - shifting, only none of it is awful funny. carrey doesn ' t pull any stunts we don ' t expect him to take out, and the farrellys ' script doesn ' t give him anything else to force: the situations in which he mustiness perform the role - shifting aren ' triiodothyronine set astir in any meaningful way. perchance carrey can take solace in the fact that his supporting histrion fare no better. zellweger ' s irene is non a inviolable female lead mary in " mary " english hawthorn have been role adolescent fantasy, just she was also intelligent and strong - willed. irene is zippo in particular, as the film ne'er makes open whether she ' s ditzy, clever, surgery neither. as such, she gives atomic number 92 nix to latch onto as the only " sane " somebody in the moving picture. chris cooper is stuck play precisely one musical note as a corrupt fbi factor, and his character is all too straight - laced for a pic alike this. he, similar the others, suffice absolutely nothing unexpected. after viewing the shapeless mess that " me, myself & irene " finally dissolved into, i was stuck wondering whether beaver state not the farrellys have overreach themselves. maybe their form of comedy can only when work for so long until hearing get wise to it and stop exist shocked. simply i don ' t believe information technology - - good filmmaker find way of surprising their consultation yet after people have grow attuned to their style. if the farrellys are so good, smart film maker (and i still guess they equal ), they ' ll rebound hardly ok. even after that happens, though, iodine ' ll even so consider " maine, myself & irene " to be a in high spirits - quality miss. 