kate (jennifer aniston) constitute having some problem. information technology appears the twenty - eight twelvemonth old is non happy with her dull progression improving the company ladder, and her love life living apparently allow for something to be desired. she learns that her problems are related, as the owner of her advert agency, mr. mercer (kevin dunn ), explains to her that her single status come not bode intimately with the company. her freedom would puddle her to a greater extent likely to leave the company, rent client with her. a solution demonstrate itself in notch (jay mohr ), a wedding videographer who kate meet done a coincidence and gets photographed with. kate ' s knob, darcy (illeana little giant ), uses the photo to invent a marriage ceremony engagement between kate and nick. kate comprise at first repulsed by the idea, simply after getting immediate convinced final result, she pursues it. her first task is to convince nick to go on with her plan. the factual plan consists of nick pretending to be her fianc?. at a dinner with kate ' s bosses he bequeath provoke a combat and they testament get around up. she meets nick to propose the plan. he swallow. kate ' s new status brings unexpected results in early country. the office bad son, sam (kevin baron verulam ), world health organization wouldn ' t pay kate the time of daylight, now do. now that she is engaged, he act on an liaison with her, as do so would destroy her effective girl mental image, hence sam ' s sudden interest. thing start to fall apart for kate, as it becomes apparent that nick really likes her, and does non wish to break upwards with her. after some provoking ding do oblige, but problems remain for kate. it appear sam is no longer concerned now that she is available. operating room maybe kate serve like nick, just " reconciliation " will force her to admit her lies to her employer. adding to her mess be the constant prying of her mother (olympia dukakis ), world health organization wants her to get matrimonial and resolve drink down. on that point is a scene in this movie where jennifer aniston is (from the waist up) entirely wear a bandeau. information technology score me chortle because information technology be the only time in the movie when she actually wears one. there is decent cleavage in this movie to fulfill rus meyer. it ' s like the theatre director said ' well, we know the storey be formulaic and the performances aren ' t that great so, what the heck, get ' s show jennifer ' s assets as often and every bit exposed as humanly potential to keep the pg military rating. " quite frankly it ' s insulting. 1 preceptor ' liothyronine think aniston is a competent enough actress to carry a movie. she did a decent enough job in ed burn ' " she ' s the unrivaled " because it was a low and supporting role, and she just doesn ' t deliver the goods effectively in this picture show. her performance was not convincing. unfortunately, equally far as romantic clowning go, this movie adds nothing young to the stock expression for these type of movies. the cinema is like to " my best protagonist wedding " in a sense that the leading female grapheme is really quite vindictive and due her action, gets no sympathy from maine when things move awry. 1 didn ' t care for how promptly kate put option down nick ' s profession by explaining that videotaping weddings wasn ' t glamorous enough for her co - proletarian. at least " my honest friends wedding " change the formula a bit and had a somewhat surprise terminate. no such chance with " picture unadulterated ". every plot of land occurrence derriere be spotted a admiralty mile away, including a yoke that truly made no sense. after everything kate had done to prove her commitment to her troupe, wherefore would she blindly cast off information technology all away when she should have made sure that nick would still speak to her first, let alone consider a relationship? be quitting her job a prerequisite to making amends with notch? throw in the fact that i don ' t think nick and kate spent enough time together to even warrant that skin rash of a determination. i believe that kate liked him, just liked him so intensely that she was uncoerced to throw her career away? one doubt it. and what of the terminate shot at a wedding ceremony where the entire congregation feeling it necessary to stop everything and stare at the duet? are mass groups of people simultaneously that interested in entire unknown? well, i guess of the congregation consists of moving picture show supernumerary and the strangers be the moving picture show deuce lead stars, then that would puddle sense. picture perfect tense directed by glenn gordon caron kate. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. . jennifer aniston ding. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. . john jay mohr surface to air missile. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. . kevin viscount st. albans john mercer. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. kevin dunn darcy. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. . illeana stephen arnold douglas rita. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. . capital of washington dukakis written by randy turgeon, february xxvi, 1998. visit my movie review! www. xtdl. com / ~ canran 