the happy bastard ' s immediate movie review the concept of enjoy a stupid funniness personify best realized as keeping it unintelligent, real. shift cogwheel even once and the audience can embody throw miserably out of control. sadly, that be the case with headpin, a cinema place by the farrelly brothers, the duo that bring us there ' randomness something about mary and mute and dumber. since the twain directed and didn ' t write the script, i lav accept that ' s part of the job. the story seems salutary enough: a pro bowler in the 1970 ' s by the name of roy munson (woody harrelson) is sitting on top of the earth. his popularity has gone through the roof and atomic number 2 ' s take his career cancelled the primer. and then, however, helium fly the coop into erectile dysfunction mccracken (bill murray ), a rival bowler with hardly any real consideration for, comfortably, anything. these 2 form an ill - timed relationship that take risky betting, and, before roy see it coming, erectile dysfunction ' s abandoned him and helium ' s astir to lose his hand in a bowling ball simple machine. forrader seventeen years later, where roy has go quite the loser, complete with mechanically skillful hand, torn - up cable car, and, of course, the occasional pick apart up of the vile - ass landlord to avoid pay rent for a while. however, helium finds a glimmer of a hope upon a visit to a local bowling alley, where atomic number 2 run into an amish kid named ishmael (randy quaid ), who has quite the bowling limb. with the kid ' southward help, helium figures he can be known again, particularly at the gravid bowling tournament apace approaching in reno, silver state. of trend, the amish kid take some blarney, particularly when you consider, easily, helium ' s amish. this leads to some of the good comic scene in the film, such as roy ' s process of remove horseshoes beaver state milking the cow. lastly, the twain get on the road and, along the way, find fault up an extra help - a beautiful hustler (played by the gorgeous genus vanessa holy man ). the main job i have with kingpin wasn ' t the fact it wasn ' t good story. in fact, information technology does have some kinda hilarious scenes in it, such as the aformentioned above and roy ' s explanation of non have children (something involve a cheese grater? ). merely that ' reciprocal ohm just it - scenes. there ' s a couple of very serious scene that throw off the entire momentum of the movie, corresponding the insult angel takes from her hustler x - young man. i mean, embody this really necessary? couldn ' tetraiodothyronine have this been address just a turn wackier? i mean value, this is a comedy, wherefore throw morals in? in particular in a farrelly brothers vehicle, where hair gel toilet represent easily mistake? that really ruin it, however, and that ' s excessively bad. the performing be top pass, especially from holy man and murray, and the actually funny scenery are worth noting. still, if you ' re going to call back dumb, imagine dim entirely the way through, okey? at least the farrelly brothers got back on path with mary or ane ' d still be a trivial second irked. 