the ad make " hanging up " look like an pollyannaish comedy about a rascally church father and his three daughters. anyone who went to the movie expecting that leave discomfited. all of the movie ' south odd scene were included in the ad. so what coiffure we get? even chump (meg ryan) just put her sire lou mozell (walter matthau) into a hospital. once upon a clip, lou be a hollywood film writer world health organization collaborated with his now - estranged wife. his one with child second in life was writing a film for lav wayne, who gave him a gargantuan bullet - shaped prize. now lou be senile and deteriorating rapidly. eve tries to convince her sister georgia (diane keaton) and maddy (lisa kudrow) that their father is dying and need them. both are wearisome to shew concern. so devoted eve suffer vigil over her founder, who constantly asks for his favorite daughter georgia, while run her ain business (planning special events) and give care for her son (jesse king james i ). ( some comic rilievo fall when maddy as well drop off her ailing st. bernard for eventide to care for. ) the tension builds until all three sis are finally in one room at unrivaled of eventide ' s result where georgia is the keynote speaker. there ' s a trivial resemblance to shakespeare ' s " king lear " (senile rex with three daughter: one consecrate saint and two selfish bitches ), but the material make up apparently drawn from life. sister screenwriters delia and nora ephron had parent who were a successful hollywood writing team. henry and phoebe ephron collaborated on 17 screenplays, including " desk place " and " there ' s no business similar show commercial enterprise. " ( delia ' s novel, the fundament for the film, is dedicate to william henry ). surprisingly, the script is as lean as an anorectic ' s moisture dream. the virtue of a semi - autobiographic project would seem to be the wealth of cloth available. til now, the ephrons render only when the barest minimum of information about their characters. also, the spaces they inhabit appear artificial. eve know in a house that seem like a cartridge clip layout; no matter how put - upon she cost, we toilet ' t feel sorry for anyone whose house be so pristine on any give day. sakartvelo is a famous magazine editor, and in her legal brief scenes while she chats on a cell phone with eve seem like the photo ranch for a visibility. when we first meet maddy, she ' s sportfishing at a picturesque mint stream. one expect to find out the credit " filming by ' vanity fair. ' " and, yes, diane buster keaton is literally old enough to be lisa kudrow ' reciprocal ohm female parent. to her credit, though, she looks young plenty to take out information technology off. the one redeeming scene of " hanging upward " is that, at its core, be a truth astir siblings. there ' s forever one and only on which everyone else in the family relies, freeing the others to be selfish and emotionally remote. my wife is the true child in her household; for good or worse, my brother has the role in mine. ( be selfish and emotionally distant whitethorn not cost fulfilling, but it be a mountain less work ). if you have zilch better to exercise than watch this picture show, look for a brawny cameo by cloris leachman as the sisters ' female parent pat. in a annihilative scene, eve discovers that her mother doesn ' t love her. although leachman is well known for comedies similar " young frankenstein " and " the mary tyler marianne craig moore show, " her performance here reminded me of the considerable dramatic talent she displayed in " the last word painting show. " bottom line: everyone involved has live in hollywood thence long they don ' t recognize literal life any longer. 