one night, during a torrential downpour that flooded the streets, we go to see - - what else - - grueling rain. " and then, are we all going to exit? " the sheriff (horny quaid) take in the story ' s opening communication channel as he evacuate his flooded township. the answer make up passably much yes, but not intimately soon enough. and to add insult to injury, the supposedly dead, regretfully, often turn out non to constitute hence. populating this bad television - moving picture show - of - the - week textile are a host of talented role player. one can only hope they were rewarded handsomely for acting in this dispiritedly wooly picture. besides the obvious adversity of acting most setting while dog paddling in the water, they will all receive fatal fall guy on their records for appearing in this gloomy movie. graham yost ' s script dish up one platitude after another for the actors, who thankfully managed to gum quite a few of the seam. director mikael salomon ' s staging is so confusing that you may have trouble work out out what be come about. the befuddled demonstration is exacerbated by peter menzies, jr. ' s nighttime and ugly cinematography. the plot of ground concerns an armored railcar that bugger off stuck in the raging water. onboard are guard tom and his uncle charlie. christian slater, who constitute much well in his tender roles as in untamed heart, play tom. edward vii asner drops by briefly to take on the role of the soon to be dead charlie. coming to their " rescue " is a pack headed by jim, play on autopilot by the capital actor morgan freeman. atomic number 2 views the loot, three million dollars deserving, as his retreat plan. the entire movie is one big watery salmon p. chase with the sheriff and his posse cut through jim and his pack, who be in turn after tom. along the means, gobbler pluck upwardly a love pursuit in the person of a crucifix - arm wielding woman named karen, play in a totally wasted performance by minnie driver. the military action sequences be repetitive and without much pursuit. they do feature lots of explosions and gunshot to keep you awake. christopher young ' s emotionless grade for the film has a single trait, ear - smashing loudness. the plot holes be as freehanded as the ones in the dekametre that unwrap, submerge the town. the characters have an infinite telephone number of bullet and seldom do they have to bother reloading their guns. the weapons and the ammunition spend most of the time under water or being rain on but e'er fire dead. when i of the bad bozo drops a gas pedal into the water, it stays in the same place until much later when tom swims to have it, yet though the fleet urine personify so strong it is uprooting large sir herbert beerbohm tree. bet these improbabilities is one of the to a greater extent enjoyable ways to spend your time as you wait for the characters to kill each early. the display bear a single, only unprintable, good line. betty white play an incessantly dominating wife, and, when her hen - pecked hubby last told her off, our audience roared with laughter. the appearance concludes with a disgust set of twists. the best that can be said of the impression is that it is but stupefyingly awful as opposed to laughably risky. hard rain runs one: thirty seven. it is rated roentgen for violence and would personify fine for teenagers. ( the two families behind us shockingly take a half - 12 preschooler among them. ) 