there ' ray and then many things to criticize about i preceptor ' t know where to start. testimonial: turn off your learning ability - don river ' t comprise like me, fall the rating everyday because i think about information technology too much. a comet is about to strike ground, causing a cataclysm standardised to the extinction level event (atomic number 99. l. e.) that wiped ko'd the dinosaur. what follows is the story of a president ' s bid to cogitate for the good of his people, a rising newsperson, the love story of two teenagers (one of whom discovered the comet ), and a squad of spaceman on the ship ` messiah ' to deliver the creation. firstly, in that respect represent nothing outstandingly inferior astir the making of the film (nor is there anything outstandingly good about information technology ), merely the game trap make believe the plastic film corny and stupid. to be honest, ace was to a greater extent moved by the trailer than the film itself (which isn ' t say much ). mimi leder ' second follow - up to ` the peacemaker ' is equally incompetent, with wholly the giving stars do in. ( perhaps i ' k just annoyed that the outlet of ` the pacifier ' in the us overshadow a far superscript thriller, ` the assignment '. ) information technology is very obvious that the title of respect not only represents the big boom that leave result from the collision, but likewise connotes the heavy impact on human living. nevertheless, the film just fails on that note. the effects make up worn - out, the substandard screenplay circumscribe the playacting, and the managing director continued her sad run in damage of good - film - qualification credentials. she ' s nonetheless making good money though. t? a leoni ' s unfortunate character, the intelligence newsman, is the foundation of the story and of the roll. but the film suffers from too many characters that do not need to be explored. robert duvall ' s senesce cosmonaut is lifeless, and morgan freeman ' s president is restrain to, well, a righteous president of the united states (which intend he ' s not interesting at all ). leoni ' s character embody the only appeal one, and is played with sensible conviction (but a quite peculiar showing when reporting for msnbc ), merely be emphatically undervalued by the director and screenwriters. warning: spoilers included (but a peck of information technology constitute irrelevant and predictable anyway ). plot holes, plot of ground holes, plot of ground holes. directly, due east. l. e. is threaten to root out more than ic% of the human wash, and they send eight puny little atomic bombs up there? where ' s the logic? leder could receive at least made it plausible with 20. and then it deform ko'd that only a few percent of the world universe actually perish, and those less selfish i (the i that stayed at home) were the victim. the film live almost mocking them, telling them they have died for nothing. single besides fail to see how two teenagers, carry a baby, would exist the first to climb up the mountain / mound, yet with a motorbike for a capitulum - commencement. information technology ' s unconvincing that the dust leave submit just two years to decide, but that doesn ' t really matter. work up caves follow a strategy note in ` dr. strangelove ', which offer that people hold out resistance for unrivaled hundred or so years. now that follow a to a greater extent practical use for cave. what is the point of keep in caves? in that location is no, unlike ` dr. strangelove ', any radiation outside to restrict pic. how do plants grow? if humans have the technology to go on plants alive in cave, in that respect ' s no reason why they can ' t behave it in the open. the president disclosed that other countries get been preparing their ain cave. patently this mean that the other nation were informed a long metre ago, and you can ' t be unplayful to enjoin that nobody leaked the news to the medium. in an important mission comparable that of the ` messiah ', for that topic any mission, it is impossible that international relations and security network ' t sufficient fuel for an additional couple of hundred metres, gratuitous to say tens of kilometres. this be non deep impact? information technology ' s a frivolous loud impact. but even with all that, some hamming, and a 3. 4 rating, it ' siemens still watchable, simply preceptor ' t call back about information technology. o.k.? 