" what ' s your favorite new house of york moment? " " this ace ' entropy climbing the chart. " starring privy cusack, kate beckinsale, eugene levy, molly shannon. directed by putz chelsom. rated pg - 13. there ' sulphur no doubt that xcv% of amorous comedies follow a distinct pattern: guy wire sees girl, guy want girl, hombre goes through unreasonable obstacles to get girl, guy gets girlfriend. in rare cases, the gender be flipped. predictability make up a given. rarely, though, be a romantic comedy as flashy, as obvious, or equally pointless as serendipity, a cinema that uses information technology " theme " as an apology for its plot contrivance. " lightweight " doesn ' t menachem begin to describe it. this is similar anti - gravity. information technology commence in a young york city bloomingdale ' s, a product location that rivals cast away ' s fedex for sheer blatancy. jonathan trager (john cusack) and sara lowell thomas (kate beckinsale) both go for the like pair of baseball mitt. after going through with the perfunctory motion, jonathan beat to keep the glove and the two of them go out for ice ointment, follow by ice skating. jonathan fall hard, and sara is enamor. when she writes her name and number down on a piece of report, a truck rumble by and blows information technology out of her hand. she claim this as a sign from fate that they shouldn ' t be together; jonathan is bowl over. to pacify him, she comes upward with an mind: jonathan leave compose his figure on a 5 dollar bill, which she will promptly spend. when she gets house, she will write her public figure and act inside a bible (" love in the clip of asiatic cholera ") and sell information technology to a used bookstore. if the placard gets backwards to her oregon the book to him, it will think of that they are mean to be together. ternary years later. both sara and jonathan are now take to other love interests. both realize they aren ' t content. both cash in one's chips looking for the former. what happens now is so absurd that i ' meter almost entice to recommend the film for the interest of seeing it. the two of them run circles around each other in a exercise set of incredible " coincidences " that i would describe as gadget if it weren ' tetraiodothyronine for the film oh - thus - smartly dismissing that criticism by building its plot of land around " serendipity. " of course, since the pic is about luck, the screenwriter can do anything he bedamn advantageously pleases. i ' m non bribe it. there ' southward no suspense in any of this because we know exactly what ' due south going to happen, but serendipity insists on drill it purportedly " adorable " non - story into our heads. instead of " volition they meet? " the question we ' re asking be " when will they meet already? " to make matters worse, every " coincidence " is wire from a mile away; by the last reel i embody drill enough to actively count for sign that something else " incredible " was going to happen. cusack is fine and beckinsale, at least, international relations and security network ' t saddle with another lumbering, clunky screenplay (she ' s had bad chance, what with brokedown palace and pearl harbor on her resume ), only an inanely pointless one. serendipity also save the tediousness with the amazing prince eugene of savoy levy, who play a snarky bloomingdale ' s salesman. what ' s the interest in watching a flick that spirals around and around a predestined (no pun intended) finish? serendipity wants to push at the heartstrings, but it only tests our patience. 