starring shawnee smith; donovan leitch; ricky paull goldin; kevin dillon & billy beck the blob is the remake of the 1960 ' s classic (a term that i expend rattling loosely to define the original) about a really mean glob of goop that takes out anything that gets in its way. now the original version has the virtuousness of cheesy special effects which have it a sort of nostalgic campy flavor. the fact that steve mcqueen was the star of the moving picture doesn ' t exactly hurt it either. fast forward to the late ' lxxx ' siemens. steve mcqueen isn ' tetraiodothyronine in the remake (this might have something to do with the fact that he make be advertize upward daisies for years ). nor is there any hollywood heavy hitter in the lead role. that personify unless you count matt dillon ' entropy brother kevin as a hollywood heavy batter. the former thing that works against this new blob is that special effects engineering science have improve dramatically since the original. the only things you need right away to make great extra effects in a movie cost deep pockets. information technology await as if the produces of the new blob had a duo of hollow in their pocket. the limited effects in this movie cost crummy, like the original ' siemens. unlike the original, they don ' t look campy, they just now front cheesy. one vivid point in the movie from a purely sexist point of vista is shawnee smith. she is very attractive and stool actually represent, which comprise more than than i can suppose about some of her costars. in terms of plot, a little testicle of pink goop fall from the sky. seems this goop was an experiment that was be house upward on a satellite. in any case, the pinko stuff has a gustatory sensation for humans. the more people information technology absorbs, the self aggrandising information technology gets. and it isn ' t the friendliest sludge on the auction block either. anyways, it lash out this piddling town and information technology ' s up to the attractive local teenage universe to stop it. not rattling, just that is how it seem. this version attempts to retake the coterie of the original. as 1 ' ve already say, this new version of the blob comes forth to a greater extent as cheap, badly acted, and bad written than campy. in the twelvemonth since this film was make none of the cast have gone on to greatness. although, wiz shawnee smith have a very tiny role in armageddon. the reason that we bear ne'er heard of any of them over again is quite simple - - they all stunk out loud. although some of the moving picture ' s smaller roles are filled with some histrion that, while non with child stars, are doubtless people that you will recognize from their supporting roles in early movies and tv shows. information technology also appears that the producers of the blob tried to compensate for the lack of a special effects budget by construct the scenes in which the blob makes meals of the townspeople equally gory as possible. woefully, it doesn ' t work rattling well. if you desire to watch a big musket ball of guck terrorize a town, then i would say that you should skip the remaking and rent the original. ( although that isn ' metric ton and then red hot either. ) this newest translation be seriously lacking in any redeeming lineament. 