katherine anne porter stoddard (warren beatty) is a successful architect married to successful fabric designer ellie (diane keaton) for 20 - fivesome year. they and best friends mona (goldie hawn) and griffin (garry shandling) represent about to face marital crisis in a motion picture near well known for it torturous path to the screenland, " townsfolk and country. " " ithiel town and country " has a thoroughbred befitting it ' s title with an all star cast photographed by academy award nominated cinematographer william fraker and mouthing the words of screenwriter pearl sydenstricker buck henry (" the graduate ") nether the direction of peter chelsom (" laughable bones " ). after years of report of budget overruns and reshoots and the racking astir twelve unlike release dates, the medium has be prepped for beatty ' s next " ishtar. " so, constitute information technology that bad? the answer be no. but it ' s non very good either. the major problem with " town and commonwealth " be that information technology ' s amorphous and random. stoddard be immediately established as a philanderer, having but bedded a bizarre cellist (nastassja kinski ). side by side scene finds him and ellie celebrating their anniversary in paris with mona and griffin. and so mona spies griffin hustling a redhead into a motel and begins divorcement proceeding (buck joseph henry cameos as both couples ' divorce attorney ). ellie conceive she ' s overeacting, just send cole albert porter to support mona on a trip to check out her family ' s ms manse. the deuce childhood supporter stop up in seam together, making us wonder why they ' d never become a duad to begin with. backward home, their second coupling be interrupted by ellie bursting in to tell mona she thinks cole porter ' s cheat on her. porter go away on a trip with griffon to sun valley, id to have more comic misadventures with wacky women as griffon attempt to separate him that he ' s gay. the quaternion friends, along with every char porter ' s mash with, all end upwards back in fresh york city somewhat blithely ever so after. although the film begins promisingly, resembling a woody allen take on new house of york city wasps, too many fibril drift off into nowhere. the stoddard household is vast, containing ii adult child (josh hartnett, " the virgin suicides " and tricia vessey, " snog the girls " ), their colorful bedmates and a maid who ' s exactly imported her shirtless boyfriend from the rainforest back home. after an amuse early scene that feature porter overhear three bust of lovemaking while in hunt of a nocturnal snack, the six supporting players are dropped except for an knocked out - of - nowhere coming into court by the formerly forgotten son. porter ' s romantic misadventures with fair sex (other than mona) are equally bollix. at one time the matrimonial dissension begins, the film seem as if it be editted with a machete, stopping and starting, never regain information technology rhythm. while beatty gets off a few cocotte observation, his case is mostly passive and bemused. possibly we ' re supposed to finger sympathy for an adulterer who doesn ' t initiate his own gender romps? keaton ' s ellie has a trusting nature that ' s a result of her own ego participation resulting in an unappealing character. hawn smartly recycle her mature sexuality kitten wives of " the out of towners " and " the first married woman ' baseball club " while shandling ' s relegated to true second banana tree status. kinski is smooth and unmotivated. andie edward macdowell takes a weirdly unlikeable role and behave what she bottom with the screenplay ' s most bizarre subplot, which finds charlton heston as her rifle toting, billionaire daddy and marian seldes as her alcoholic, wheelchair - bound, foul - mouthed mother. heston and seldes are fun, as is jenna elfman as a sun vale hook and tackle saleswoman who brings porter and griffin to a halloween party. oscar nominatored cinematographer william fraker gives the film a nice flavor, only managing director chelsom shows none of the quirkily and blackly humorous depth he brought to films alike " hear my song " and " comic bones. " the script is this plastic film ' s weakest nexus - information technology ' s telling that most of the (few) laughs come from old - fashion physical slapstick and the sight of beatty in a bear suit. while " township and country " international relations and security network ' triiodothyronine exactly painful to sit through, it mostly scarce place thither. 