all feature film directors who cut their tooth on euphony videos, please kindle your men. thank you for discover yourselves; now would you all delight go away. your influence have to rank as unrivalled of the most annoying trends in filmmaking in the last decade, and information technology present no sign of slack any time soon. it isn ' t just the strobe light quality of your twenty - cuts - per - minute editing, or the numbing over - use of democratic euphony artists on the soundtracks which makes me shady of any photographic film advertised " feature the music of. .. " no, information technology constitute a kind of cynicism you have perfected, banking on the thought that no one will care about the lack of a story if you include enough bells and whistles. welcome to the club, scott kalvert. your adaptation of the basketball diaries is loud and ace - dimensional, serving only as the fomite for a functioning by da vinci dicaprio that make up better in pieces than it is as a whole. dicaprio stars as jim lewis carroll, the new house of york poet / songwriter / performing artist on whose autobiographical penning the moving picture show is based. as the film opens, jim be a budding high school day basketball sensation make to petty thievery and getting inebriate with buddies mickey (mark wahlberg ), pedro (james madio) and neutron (patrick mcgaw ). single dark, jim graduates from inhalants to cocaine, and shortly thereafter to heroin. jim ' s dependence to the drug starts him on a downhill spiral, as helium cost kick off the basketball team by his coach (bruno kirby ), kicked out of his house by his mother (lorraine bracco ), and drops out of school. along with mickey and pedro, jim becomes a victim of the street, living from muddle to fix and go under lower and lower. the basketball diaries has be bouncing around as a project for years, simply the sticking head has perpetually be that jim charles lutwidge dodgson as a character was as well closed and too much a lone hand. screenwriter bryan goluboff create the three character reference who act as carroll ' s posse comitatus, result in a jim carroll world health organization is merely as unsympathetic, but now with every bit unsympathetic friend. as a film, the basketball diary crataegus laevigata be intended primarily as a cautionary narrative, a 100 minute long " just say no " public service of process proclamation, but as drama information technology is monumentally ineffective because it is impossible to care much astir anyone in the movie. jim make up variety of a jerked meat even before he becomes a junkie, only i say that his pseudo - sensitive poesy and his devotion to his terminally ill friend are intended to balance that extinct. possibly we are expected to see jim as one of those " estimable kids who falls in with the wrong crowd " that every parent believes his or her troubled child to be; i see him simply as office of the bad crowd. without a character who alter in any appreciable way, the hoops diaries rapidly degenerates into a ingathering of crimes committed by jim and his strung - out cohorts, all choreograph to an oppressively loud soundtrack. theatre director scott kalvert doesn ' thymine make many conniption with intrinsical dramatic impact with which to work, so he substitutes silly slow - motion picture taking, self - consciously funky camera angles and choppy editing. on only one occasion, when a unbendable goat god around a way where jim is trying to detoxify wee wee it seem that the walls be closing in, are any of the gimmicks effective. mostly, they just force tending to how core out the story is. they too don ' t allow leonardo da vinci dicaprio ' s performance to be as strong as it could have be. for every impressive import, similar his desperate attempt to father his mother to pay him money, in that respect is a scenery where kalvert pulls too much of the focus to his own photographic camera theatrics. dicaprio is most effective when he is play off other actors, peculiarly a fine sequence feature ernie hudson as an ex - junkie world health organization tries to help jim straighten away, but kalvert won ' t let role interaction define this story. atomic number 2 want to turn dicaprio into a tilt star, shooting him in dramatic fashion merely denying him the opportunity to cause much acting. at isolate moments, the basketball diaries be a okay showcase for dicaprio ' s talents. far more ofttimes, information technology looks alike kalvert is trying to imagine what a tenacious form velvet underground tv might have look like. 