you should have hear the old guys in the crowded lav following the " curious couple ii " sneak prevue. they were as happy a mathematical group of men as one ' ve ever encounter. " what a slap up motion picture, " exclaimed one bloke at the urinal, " everything was and so straight! " " yeah, " laugh a man standing succeeding to him, " one drive every bit slow as that one guy cable did. my child give me holy hell for information technology! " " and peeing is a swelled part of my day, hardly like with felix, " chuckled another fellow, as he fastened his trouser astir around his nipple and prepared to rejoin his married woman. if you ' re terminated 60 and in the habit of driving at least 20 miles per hour below the posted speed limit, " neil simon ' s the rummy couple ii " whitethorn cost just the film for you. others will likely be less openhearted. while " the odd brace ii " is amiable enough, neil simon ' s shockingly slothful screenplay feels like a slapped - together idiot box reunion show, suffering from wheeze office comedy set - ups and joke straight out of the borshch - smash. simon, formerly the pledge of broadway, has patently change his sights from the great white mode to the neighborhood multiplex in branson, missouri. the artificial story, regard the marriage of their kids, provides the excuse for a reunion between academy award madison and felix unger, world health organization haven ' t look each early in 17 years. the former roommates fly into golden state from their respective homes for the wedding and, quite a literally, hunt down into unitary another at the airdrome. they take sour in a rental car for the ceremonial in san molina, get lost and accept a serial publication of " wacky " dangerous undertaking on the road. diddly shit jack lemmon and walter matthau reprise their roles as felix the neat freak and oscar the slob. while at that place be an undeniable chemistry between the couple, the wallop of their reunion is lessened by the fact that they ' ve headlined three films in concert since 1993: " grumpy old gentleman's gentleman, " " grumpier old men " and " out to sea. " all the same, the deuce vet actors are fun to watch. matthau, whose magnificently rumpled nerve looks similar a prominent muckle of washables with eyes, has a field day as academy award, the crown prince of the curmudgeons. jack lemmon, looking pastier than common, is okay as the of all time - annoying felix, who yet punctuates his inveterate whining with periodic allergic honks of " phnah! phnah! " despite their bickering, the characters cause real affection for each former, providing a welcome respite from the non - stop barrage of insults that mark their previous triad films in concert. unfortunately, matthau and lemmon ' s charm isn ' t enough to counterbalance for simon ' s hack script, which wouldn ' t passport conscription yet on a upn sitcom. one contrived situation follows another, strap with adequate stale one - liners to supply a dozen would - follow comics on open - microphone night at the local comedy cabaret. if soul dredge you to this moving picture and you find yourself as bored as i was, try entertaining yourself by counting the product placements. burger king gets 1, as does the elevated railway pollo loco wetback joint, but budget rent - a - motorcar really hits the kitty. between playscript references to their business and shots of sign of the zodiac and stickers bearing their company name, i couldn ' t keep count of altogether the hype. iodine do, however, keep rail of some of the swearing. i number up with four " supreme being - damn, " three " loggerhead " and two " fucks. " the inclusion of those particular profanity seemed odd for a film aimed at an older hearing, just the house full of seniors appeared to feature no trouble with them, howling like crazy every time the boy let rip with a naughty word. information technology ' s sad that a writer of neil simon ' sulfur stature has grown desperate enough to resort to swearing for tinny laughs, merely non surprising when you appear at what else gets passed off as bodily fluid in this tepid exercise. 1 operate gag involves oscar and felix ' s inability to call up the name of the town where the wedding be to embody hold. at unmatchable peak, the men actually expend 30 seconds just barren - associating, riffing off variants of the word of god " san. " the sequence is so creatively break that it equal simply blockade. one of the old axiom of film - going is " beware of movies that use the source ' s figure in the title. " " neil simon ' s the odd dyad ii " constitute no exception to the rule. while the yield has decent venial delight to warrant a tv viewing on some work shy sunday afternoon, it take in no business play in a movie theatre. of course of action, there ' s a bathroom full of sure enough guys who would strongly disagree with every parole i ' ve written, and would probably rack up my " vernal - whippersnapper " ass to the boot. unrivaled affair ' s for sure, though. they ' ll ne'er catch pine tree state in a car chase. 