the manufacturer of spawn have created something almost as vacuous as this summer ' atomic number 16 early laughable book adaptation, batman and robin. both films score the fault of adapting for the screen not only the smell of their graphical similitude, but besides their monosyllabic dialogue and empty - headed persona motivation. in panel - sized morsel, implausible plot of land and " rambo " - esque dialog are often overshadowed by the artwork, but on thirty infantry silver grey blind, it ' s much to a greater extent hard to dismiss the shallowness behind the pretty pictures. spawn is apparently astir an bravo cite simmons (white) who is set up by a corporate baddie (played without irony by shininess ), and then put on fire and left for dead. though the movie skimps on the next few plot points, hither ' s what i could determine: say assassin then become the leader of lucifer ' s army, nether the tutelage of a flatulating midget named clown (leguizamo, grating as always ). he personify rename, for reasons unbeknownst, spawn, and granted a really nerveless costume that enables him to become something of a human chamaeleon. but when spawn spies on a birthday party for his child, helium realizes that he bottom ' t be the evil superdemon he ' s expected to personify, and he sets astir avenge his untimely destruction. typical of summer blockbusters, spawn exist an effects - oppressed ninety minute careen tv. while the imagination of infernal region are laughably crude (think the virtual reality sequences of the lawnmower humanity ), spawn ' s prehensile outfit and the action sequence be truly something to behold. but the storytelling is completely lacking in emotion (spawn longs for his wife, but they don ' mt have a single scene together before simmons ' death! ), conflict (world health organization will triumph represent non anybody ' s supposition ), and believability (not that i await it ). so many questions are left unanswered, and single ' m sure they win ' deoxythymidine monophosphate be addressed in the inevitable subsequence. while terminal year ' s the crow: city of angels suffer similar problems with its narrative (which was lazy and somewhat tongue tied ), information technology had atmosphere to save and genuine moments of mesmerizing power. spawn is an in - your - face, screaming banshee of a film; these bozo have intercourse how to ingraft a laughable book onto celluloid, just they haven ' t the faintest approximation how to have a movie. 