lauded as a genius by many, stanley stanley kubrick overlook a greatest filmography that include such critically - acclaimed flick as " 2001: a space odyssey, " " a clockwork orange river, " " lolita, " and " dr. strangelove, oregon: how i learned to stop torment and love the bomb. " now, sadly, he ' southward sum " eyes wide shut " to that impeccable body of oeuvre and his net motion picture show follow the initiatory and only blot on his near - flawless copybook. kubrick, ala, should have quit while he follow ahead. this much - publicized psycho - sexual tease - a - thon, with its star charge of real - life marrieds tom sail and nicole kidman, be nada more than peerless long (two - and - a - half hours long) boring exercise that features kubrick operating with talent wide shut. stanley kubrick, faithless to arthur schnitzler ' s 1926 novelette " dream story, " have obscure eroticism with nudity. helium has confused intellectualism with talking slow. helium has confused profundity with pretentiousness. in summation, the manager has made some strange casting choices, leaving sydney pollachius pollachius in and leaving accomplished performers harvey keitel and jennifer jason leigh stunned. pollock, the film director of such box - power hit as " tootsie " and " forbidden of africa, " is normally solid in his episodic acting stints merely here he ' s miserably extinct of his depth. .. and there isn ' t practically depth to begin with! unhappily, on that point ' south non likely to be a theatre director ' s cut of this film to determine whether the decision to exorcize keitel and leigh was the veracious unity. in fact, with the exclusion of the stark disgraceful - and - white credits, snatches of baroque period music on the soundtrack, and many, many grainy tracking shots down lavishly - decorated corridors, there ' s none of kubrick ' s trademark magnificence in this motion picture. it doesn ' thyroxine help that the level, as delivered, be ridiculous. cruise and kidman, who bring little more than matrimonial torpidity to the undertaking, bring well - to - do novel yorkers bill and alice harford. helium ' s a doctor and she ' s an unemployed art gallery director and they share a key green west address. at an luxurious company host by their friend victor ziegler (pollack ), alice gets a little tipsy and starts dancing with a jeremy irons - similar hungarian, world health organization ' s singularly determined to make her in the sack. bill, too, be seen arm - in - arm with a mates of models before he ' s get out out to plow with an overdoser. back nursing home, bill and alice fume a little pot before alice ' s belligerent jealousy kicks in. as requital, she confesses to her hubby that she once had inscrutable feelings for a naval military officer she eyeballed at a hotel where she and bill once stayed. this injurious admission sends bill into a tailspin; atomic number 2 pounds the streets of the greenwich village in his hard black topcoat struggling with black - and - white images of alice in the traction of a horny midshipman. it ' s all elbow room likewise much for him. for revenge, bill almost have sex with a hooker. he almost get feelings for a underage fille helium sees in a costume store. then atomic number 2 almost manage the floozie ' s roommate. and he ' s almost demand in an overblown rococo orgy when an old college chum of his tips him dispatch to a mysterious, password - protected company where everyone wears masks and " the women are incredible " (unity. e. , naked ). this " erotic " set piece, a cult - ish orgiastic complete with intonation, incense, and fate of strategically - placed partygoer covering up the dirty, might impress the likes of hugh hefner, simply information technology ' s a heap less shocking than it ' s intended to be. what ' s the big heap? broadside doesn ' t exactly * do * anything (other than throw his money and certificate around ), and alice only ever hunger in her middle. whoop - dee - doo. still, they make upwards at the same torturously slow rate - - be kubrick, notorious for multiple takes, paying them at an hourly rate? even geniuses get their bad twenty four hour period. " eyes wide shut out " barely happens to be kubrick ' s risky clarence day, an unerotic, disappointing, and altogether pointless last to an differently memorable career. 