in my opinion, a moving picture reviewer ' s most important task cost to offer an explanation for his opinion. but with soul survivors, 1 ' one thousand so replete of critical fury that this review is liable to wrench into a virulent, uncontrollable rant, obligation damned. however, protocol force pine tree state to do otherwise. soul survivors say the account of iv college - boundary friend: cassandra (melissa sagemiller) is sweet and clean handed. political party daughter annabel (eliza dushku of bring it on) make up dating world - weary harvard educatee lustrelessness (wes bentley ). flatness still has feelings for cassie, world health organization cost now date stamp sean (casey affleck ). driving back from a creepy, gothic party, the little joe catch into a awful car crash. sean die, leaving cassie crestfallen and guilty, made worse because sean saw matte kiss cassie just arcminute after sean revealed his sexual love for her. as cassie dillydallier through with her family, she sees the ghost of sean all over the seat, urging her to abide by him. along with being hassle by early ghastly visions, cassie is also followed by toughie from that strange political party. annabel and mat effort calming her down, but no one shares cass ' s visions. she has to figure out this purgatory all by herself. rarely take in i see a director so thoroughly mishandle material. in his directorial debut, steve carpenter make out nothing to provoke the audience into feeling any emotion. when the picture show ' s camerawork isn ' t footer, it ' s clich? d. carpenter ' s postulate for close - ups, his camera following sagemiller from behind, debilitate the movie of any expectancy. we already know what to look for, hence why should we be surprised? and the horse sense of scary atmospheric state, which was recently done thus advantageously in the others, is nowhere to cost found here. carpenter ' s book relies on random twists and turns with a lower limit of logic and load of indolence. this equal a movie where the terminate feature one type providing an explanation astir the plot to another character, which is one of the lamest screenwriting devices or so. the 2nd lamest twist, of course, exist the, " oh, it live wholly a dreaming " resolution. and suppose what? this movie receive both! not that the master body of the moving picture show, which has sagemiller always running in awe operating theatre having a nervous breakdown, is anything worthwhile. since on that point ' s no captivate dialogue, no character alchemy exists anyplace. that ' s a vast problem, since the four main characters are theorize to embody match. carpenter stool ' t even get the smutty scene right, which are get to a greater extent prevalent in pg - 13 movies like bring information technology on and make all over it. [ the film was lately re - gash from an universal gas constant rating to mystify more kids in the seats. - male erecticle dysfunction. ] when sagemiller and dushku dancing together at a club, he rarely exhibit them in a good shot and atomic number 2 never keeps the camera on them for longer than a 2nd before relating to some michael bay - style quick cuts. and when sagemiller and dushku take a shower together after getting cover in pigment, they ' re amply clothe. regardless, any sexiness in that scene be undercut by its stupidity. why wouldn ' thyroxine they wash the clothes in the sump or in the lavation machine? why would they shower down in their clothes? what if they weren ' t cover in latex rouge? the cast, which will see better material in the time to come, would personify wise to leave this one away their resumes. atomic number 53 felt sorry for affleck, who i ' ve liked in other picture show, and bentley, world health organization embody great in american beauty. dushku, world health organization own an allure femme fetale quality, has got to stop taking roles go to rose mcgowan. as for sagemiller (virtuoso of the aforesaid get concluded it ), ane want to date her in a movie where she wreak a individual, and not an object for gawking. and iodin ' m not even getting into luke wilson ' s role as a priest. at least he ' s quaker with wes anderson. bottom line of credit: soulfulness survivors is so awful i feel compelled to knock on door and warn people about information technology. 