the characters in jonathan lynn ' s " the whole ix yard, " hitherto another in an endless recent string of mob comedy (1999 ' s " analyze this " and " mickey grim eyes, " 2000 ' s " gun shy " ), be rarely ever spell as real people, but but as one - dimensional caricatures. when an added bed to one of their personalities is revealed, it is non to service the character evolution, or to naturally volunteer up natural characterizations, but to suit the convoluted plot. in a lightweight comedy, you mightiness sound out, it comprise not required to have perfectly realized figures, scarcely as long as they sire the job done. unfortunately, for a comedy to act, information technology has to at least succeed at being funny, and if there be a laugh - o - meter available, i ' d guesswork that information technology briefly ascended around 2. 5% of the prison term for pine tree state. suffice to say, the clowning in " the whole ix thousand " works about equally well as the broken - down pat lawnmower in my backyard, and when a giggle surprisingly originate every twenty to thirty minutes, it is by sheer destiny. saint nicholas " oz " oseransky (matthew perry) make up an amateurish dentist aliveness in the quiet suburbs of quebec. trapped in a mean marriage with the connive sophie (rosanna arquette, delightfully ham it up with a intelligibly hokey french - canadian idiom ), one 24 hour interval oz sees that mortal is move into the house next - door. walking over to recognize him, he is horrified to key out it is jimmy " the tulip " tudeski (bruce thomas willis ), a other contract cause of death for the maffia world health organization has just follow released from prison house. one time getting to have it off him and becoming his protagonist, oz is more comfortable with his identity, but for sophie, it means a potential triggerman to do away with oz. in her scheme, sophie sends oz to chicago to cash in by inform his old ring knob (kevin pollak) astir jimmy ' s whereabouts, but in the process, he falls in honey with jimmy ' s wife, artemis (natasha henstridge ), who is being held surety. upon return to quebec, and with one contrivance after the next, oz ' s dental consonant assistant, jill (amanda peet ), is overjoy to discover that he lives beside " the tulip, " and forces him to fix up a meeting, since jill ' s dreaming in life turn out being a contract killer herself. have you find all that? because there make up more. often, much more. and this comprise a picture that, without credits, is little over 90 minutes and look solely like an hr. " the unhurt nine chiliad " is an ultimately unsatisfying and empty - headed junket into advantageously - haggard terrain already put by far higher ranking pictures. how the plaster cast, most of which are tidy worker, got caught up in such a cliched, deficient film remains a mystery, unless they thought it mightiness aspire to meet the congenial screwball zaniness of manager lynn ' s 1985 comedy classic, " clue: the movie. " going into the theater, preliminary comparisons between the two movies were inescapable, only by the twenty - arcminute mark, when ace consume chuckled one time and laughed nary a undivided time, information technology was clear this production was in serious trouble. since the full running time depends on the mechanisms of the plot, and the screenplay, unpropitiously written by william mitchell kapner, collapses with every failing " funniness " bit, the moving picture show is an inevitable dead geographical zone in the way of substance and, often, entertainment economic value. " the unhurt nine cubic yard " is neither facetious nor, aside from the subplot about jill ' s shocking eagerness to become a professional hitwoman, inventive, and more often than non, just lies there, the film spinning drearily around and around in the projector, simply ne'er igniting any form of spark. a few select histrion do what they bathroom with the material, while others do no encroachment at all. on the mediocre english are really those toy the two key character: matthew perry and bruce willis. ralph barton perry, innocuously enjoyable on tv ' s " booster, " plays the same exact sitcom - trend persona in all of his moving picture show (from 1997 ' s " fools rush in " to 1999 ' sulfur " three to tango " ), and it has become a crushing bore. meanwhile, willis makes following to no belief, and because of the circumscribed guise of his jemmy " the tulip " tudeski, oftentimes disappears into the setting. their three female twin fare noticeably well. full of all constitute natasha henstridge, far more radiant than in the exploitative " mintage " flick, who adds out of the blue depth and emotion to cynthia. henstridge hold the talent, for indisputable, to split up tabu of these countless throwaway function, but 1st she must fire her agent. amanda peet have a lot of fun as the quirkily straightforward and giddy jill, and seems to know more about the art of comedic final payment than yet perry who, thus far, has strived on a career based solely on clowning. information technology follow too bad, so, that peet is unnecessarily asked to discase in a climactic shot, with the obvious sole aim being to show off her breasts. finally, rosanna arquette is dire as sophie, only something tells me that was her determination, and her unmortgaged overacting alone aids in brightening up her circumscribed screen time. also pop up up is michael clarke duncan, invigorated off an oscar nomination for his role in " the immature mi, " as jimmy ' sulphur largely built acquaintance and fellow killer, frankie figs. when " the whole nine yards " finally sputters to information technology underwhelming conclusion, 1 is left pondering how such a film always bewilder greenlit. a smashing mountain of moving picture show of this type have been made in the past, and this one is nothing but a duplication of better films, so what was the degree? without a passable screenplay beaver state any notable technical accomplishments, " the whole ball club yards " residue solely on the presumed charm of the roll, and half of the actor are non charming at all. now, what does that say you? 