" america ' south sweethearts " has an intriguing premise and a great cast, only information technology isn ' t nearly as edgy or funny as information technology should personify. almost altogether the problem with the project can be describe back to co - script writer billy crystal, who prove the same lack of discipline with the screenplay that he typically displays while co - hosting " comic relief " charity shows with robin sir bernard williams and whoopi goldberg (2 other paragons of self - indulgence ). crystal ignores a dim witted, merely crucial, rule: for a screwball comedy to work, the characters mustiness personify set into a rigid societal background, because only in that context will their unorthodox joke be humorous. " u.s.a. ' s sweethearts " take place at a press junket, where decorum must comprise maintain in figurehead of the reporters. information technology ' s a promising set - up, but the screenplay rapidly blows cancelled the rule, thus dispel the tension of the situation. by the remnant of the film, all the lead performers participate in a immense fighting with a room full of journalists looking on, but their blowup are only mildly amusing because the structure have be destroyed. john cusack and catherine the great zeta - jones play eddie thomas and gwen president harrison, a beloved acting duo whose marriage hit the skids when gwen began seeing hector (hank azaria ), a spanish actor with an egotism nigh as marked as his lisp. of the utmost nine spot movie eddie and gwen made together, six crossed the $ 100 trillion mark, only the prospect for their final effort, a space opus titled " metre over time, " constitute far from rosy. while eddie receive spent many months in a new age rest clinic fretting over the breakup, gwen ' s solo films have got tanked. to produce affair worse, the director of the pic (christopher walken ), a " visionary " who purchased the unabomber ' randomness cabin and had it moved to his backyard, constitute withholding the film from the studio, insisting that the initiative screening be held at the outing. desperate to win ended the press, the studio elects to hire richard henry lee (billy crystal ), a recently fired publicizer, to save the position. lee hope to turn lemon yellow into lemonade by convincing eddie and gwen to feign to be on the route to reconciliation. atomic number 2 enlists the help of kiki (julia oral roberts ), gwen ' s sister, personal help and whip girl. what lee doesn ' t know is that kiki be in love with eddie, a fact that could temper her strength. press jaunt be a haven for control freaks. studios vaporize journalists in from around the world and cast them up in a plush hotel, with intellectual nourishment and drink always at hand. generally, on the evening of their comer, writer are bussed to see the featured film, so ferreted straight back to the hotel. the adjacent day, writers go to the studio suites and assemble in groups of fivesome beaver state sixer for roundtable interview. every 30 minute or so, a producer, director, writer operating theatre worker be brought into the elbow room for a few moment of questions, with a publicist hovering in the corner to keep an eye on thing. the atmosphere make up one of cordial oppression? writer be free to call for what they want, but understand that if the studio dislikes a question, they whitethorn non be invited to next junket. representatives from telecasting stations face yet more restrictions. they sire roughly five moment to consultation each member of the cast and crew, with the studio filming the exchange. the " reporters " are infamous for tossing softball questions as they suck up to the star, but to play information technology safe, the studios brook ready to erase the tape if anything unpleasant occurs. placing two spoiled actors in a setting where image be everything represent inspired, but the screenplay undermines the conceitedness. the junket be move from the handsome, but highly restricting, quaternion seasons hotel to a plush resort near las vega. for most of the film, the flick stars run around the sprawling ground, completely safe from the eye of the press. when they answer deal with journalists, the " information technology be imperative that you be on your best behavior in front of the newsperson " assumption is de - clawed. gwen and eddie abuse each other while the tv cameras roll, they holler at each former in a restaurant fill with the media and, at the cover of the movie, everyone relate with the celluloid goes testicle, all without any repercussions. lee certainly isn ' t discommode by any of the infantile outbursts; in fact, he makes arrangement for footage of yet more inappropriate behavior to comprise delivered to the tabloids. is the studio angry astir his treatment of the disputative actors? hell no? they find lee be a genius for garnering indeed much promotional material for the moving picture. all of which emphasize how billy crystal and co - writer peter tolan screwed up their ain premise: the comedy in " america ' s sweethearts " is based on scarce - in - control people trying to contain themselves in the presence of reporters, except that information technology doesn ' t matter because any publicity is well publicity. and thus the real position - up for the film implodes, leaving smoke and dust in place of laugh. so what about the stamp? julia roberts, at her best make for the underdog, is utterly charm here, although i could let be without flashback that exist solely as an self justification to show her in a fat suit (and not a very convincing one, by the style ). catherine zeta - jones make a credible brat and privy cusack fleshes out his obsessed case enough to make him vaguely sympathetic. by casting himself as the publiciser, billy crystal allows himself to answer roughly the same thing atomic number 2 does on " laughable ease " - stay on the by line of the activity while toss off cornball jokes and snarky remarks. in supporting role, hank azaria wear out his welcome fasting with broad gesture and a spanish accent that speedy gonzales would get deemed " too broad. " seth green be amusing as a toadie, stanley tucci is real good as a ruthless studio head and christopher walken plays the eccentric director with suitable flair, though helium has little to puzzle out with. come to think of it, " fiddling to sour with " is the operative idiomatic expression for this movie. as a hollywood satire, " america ' s sweethearts " be toothless. as a romance, it be at best a minor pleasure. such a respectable cast, such a waste of their exertion. make information technology not be taken long ago, a well title for the picture would have been " much bustle about nothing. " 