absolute power, the newfangled film produce and direct by clint eastwood, attempts to be a thriller set in the earth of hypocritical president and their murderous political staff. it is astir as thrilling as a lecture on the mating habits of the south american hopper. one can only inquire how an utterly absurd script like the one written by william emma goldman could receive ever so concerned eastwood. non only is the plot unbelievable and artificial, but even the write itself lacks any consistency operating theater intelligence operation. continually underestimating the audience, the motion picture gives us information we already know or dont even want. details essential to the story are thence improbably convenient they cost annoying (comparable why would two unprepared cloak and dagger service men carry 2 night - vision goggles in their gondola? ). oddly enough, the initial frame up for absolute power offers interesting possibilities. a virtuoso precious stone - thief (play by clint eastwood) witnesses the murder of the wife of a powerful millionaire (trifle by e. g. george catlett marshall ). while rob one of george catlett marshall mansions, atomic number 2 is forced to conceal in the sleeping accommodation vault. there, through with a two - way mirror, he sees the wife and another man engage in passionate arousal. their game of lovemaking quickly turns into a trigger happy struggle as the humankind set out beating the woman. in ego refutation, the woman grabs a missive - undoer and stabs the man in the elbow. she raise her arm to stab again when she is fatally shot by two secret military service men. the world? atomic number 2 is the president of the united commonwealth of america. where does the film belong haywire? it cannot be the acting. clint eastwood, ed james thomas harris and factor hackman as the president give type - cast, just decent performances. the cinematography is sufficient; wild and erratic during natural action sequences, wickedness and mysterious during psychologically suspenseful prospect, and equanimity and warm during dramatic negotiation. yet the medicine is not as bombastic as information technology usually tends to make up in the thriller / suspense literary genre. the flaw understandably lie in the screenplay, and the screenplay alone. while set astir a story about abuse of power, about the true possessors of that power, and about intrigue and double - crossing, it practise non resolve information technology. not unmatched buildup of suspense is resolve by an exciting culmination. instead, the tense billet are left dangling at the remainder, giving the viewer an uneasy sensory faculty of incompleteness. an example of this be a very bright and tense buildup of a scene: in an attempt to arrest clint eastwood, the constabulary have set upward a bunker at a belittled restaurant. police officers are everywhere, incognito of class. at the like time, not one simply two hit men are fix to kill clint eastwood when he arrives. all three parties be unaware of each others front. this scene be tremendously exciting and the audience is wondering how clint eastwood, who mightiness suspect this is a yap, bequeath start himself extinct of this difficult position. he bequeath probably have a brilliant plan, involving clever homework. all the same, when he get at the trap, both hit men misfire (how convenient) and in the confusion eastwood just walks away. the buildup of this scene took or so ten minute. ten second of confining ups of the hit men loading their weapons intercut with the police prepare for the lying in wait. the view was break up in less than 20 seconds. .. parallel to the story line of catching the material grampus be a cliche emotional tale astir the estranged relationship between father eastwood and his girl. the girl blames her founder for never being there for her, because he was either in clink operating theater robbing a house somewhere. of form their relationship takes a turn for the respectable during the adventure and they cease upward a happy family. over again, it is commendable that downright power endeavour to deviate from the mainstream suspense film by give room for a spectacular subplot. however, prove be simply not enough! the second story line should cost subtle, original and preferably unpredictable. .. everything this motion picture is not. how could a screenplay similar absolute power ever get the financing to be produce? how could eastwood, who sustain successfully produced and directed many outstanding films such as the brilliant unforgiven, of all time believe in a labor like this one? ace am sad to say that my respect for the doer / director / producer consume diminished substantially due to this film. director quentin tarantino in one case said: " one can nominate a good flick prohibited of any bad script. " director clint eastwood obviously cannot. 