drew barrymore be beginning to tree the market on work the fille outside - the i world health organization ' s the awkward klutz or the spunky do - it - yourselfer; the unity world health organization just doesn ' t convulsion in with the others. she has hone these reference in movies such as " the marriage ceremony isaac merrit singer " and, most notably, " ever after. " now she ' s rearward, asterisk in what could be call a modern - twenty four hour period cinderella fable - " never be kissed. " you know information technology ' s a fable because she plays a transcript editor at a newspaper who give her own office as advantageously as a secretary. reliance pine tree state on this one, no written matter editor in chief have seen the interior of a private office since johann gutenberg (and i don ' t mean steve) invented the printing press. the premiss is simple. barrymore ' s josie geller, at twenty five the youngest copy editor ever to be lease by the chicago sun - times, is assigned to go hugger mugger and restitution to high pitched school to come an expose on what today ' s teens are feeling and doing. josie (she say she embody named after the ' 70s cartoon reference) was a geek in high shoal, so she stick out at the opportunity for a second fortune. this time, she thinks, she leave get it correct and represent accept by the in - gang. now, what sort of adult - with a dear job and a successful calling - would in reality face forward to reliving the hell that embody - and is - mellow school and adolescence. these are among the many problem that harass " never been snog. " screenwriters abby kohn and marc silverstein cannot get a handle of josie. their script has her capriciously switching from surefooted grownup to ditzy, blubbering cleaning woman - child at the least provocation. and the fact that an adult would put thence much stock into attempt to become tight with the savourless airheads world health organization are supposedly south glen high schoolhouse ' s virtually popular girls leads you to question her maturity and mental stableness. ok, therefore " never been kissed " is non a sociological expose of today ' s high school day panorama. however, certain rule should utilise to film, and one of those is body of character. among the motion picture show ' s problem is the sick - conceived vanity that josie would seriously strive to go up the high school day food chain and, in the process, lose focus on her duty assignment. any competent editor would have tossed her nates proscribed the room access quicker than you could say " aim pine tree state rewrite. " to personify fair, barrymore is really appealing, simply she live given very slight to work with. she tries valiantly to scram a firm clench on her character, but the script continually undermines her. barrymore comes off best in the physical comedy panorama of the playscript in which she try to walk, talk of the town and human action like a cool, hip gamey schooler. other than, she be left cave in on a cliched ocean of teen - age stereotypes and site. " ne'er been kissed " is entertaining and suspicious in scene and starts. it lack eubstance and a firm grasp on what information technology want to accomplish. the motion picture ' southward main bright spot is bring home the bacon by leelee sobieski as aldys, the outsider who befriends young student josie. josie sees a lot of her old ego in aldys, yet nonetheless abandons her to hang out with the popular girls. actual mature. and that equal the main insufficiency with " never been kissed. " it ' s illogical, unrealistic, uneven and undemanding. information technology have some warm and humourous spots, but not plenty to overcome its many obstacles. 