long ago, film be construct of stiff dialogue, original characters, memorable plot points, and firm acting. unrivaled of the best case that hollywood now completely ignore these qualities is found in the new film where the tenderness is. this opus about the power of love and the redemption of family follow the tragical, and i imply tragic, sprightliness of novalee nation (natalie portman ). murder the route with her hick, guitar - playing boyfriend in a rusted - out gm, novalee dream of the blue skies of bakersfield and sipping coffee milk beneath a pliant umbrella with her unborn babe, due in a calendar month. stopping off at a nearby wal - marketplace for a nimble rest, novalee ' s fellow decides to take off and leaves her there. novalee then decides to secretly hole upward in the wal - mart (because she ' atomic number 16 non the shiny bulb in the stagelights ). a kookie bibliothec (keith david) comes to her rescue when she goes into labor nonpareil dark while she is camped in the outdoors part of the store. then the she moves in with a family, befriend everyone in town - - including ashley judd ' s character (world health organization has five kids and still can work part - time as a nurse) - - fights sour religious freaks, survives a tornado, breaks the heart of the wacky bibliothec that save her, receives an inheritance, builds a martha stewart - esque house, become an award - winning photographer, and oversee to always look like she stepped out of a cosmo shoot, all while not once doing anything with her kid. this film is horrific. the directing is awesome: it seems director matt williams had an index bill with six angles write on information technology and habituate every ace of them, ended and over and all over again. we get pathetic and ugly acting by natalie portman, who can do good study. a scattered pacing of key scenes and a time social system thus confusing that information technology would throw steve prefontaine off. a subplot that actually validates the actions of the boyfriend world health organization abandon novalee in the wal - mart parking lot. an sticky exhibit of emotions by the characters, make the consultation ill. film ii great comedic screenwriter, babaloo mandel and lowell ganz, and forcing them to write drama on equality with oprah ' s book club. altogether, information technology has the feeling of personify trapped at home, watching a very big television mini - serial publication and wishing it to end, only when the remote control personify break off. however, the main trouble with the film equal that information technology never reply the most touching question impart up: where is the heart? no one ever look to find information technology in this piece of junk. 