movies about teenager and teenage culture rarely rise to embody either interesting, entertaining or convincing, because of unmatchable fundamental reason: movies embody made by grownup and not teenagers. now and again, however, moving picture show like say anything, dazed and confused and the breakfast gild will crack the mold and offer genuine insight into the life of those bizarre creatures which surround us called " adolescent. " tin ' t hardly delay, however, does non. instead, the write / direct team of harry elfont and deborah kaplan manages to take every clich? found in the teenage genre, strip information technology completely of perception, intelligence and wit - and turn information technology into one of the most nauseating cinematic experiences i have ever personify subjected to. can ' t hardly wait follows a group of persona as they attend a business firm party on the night of their high school graduation. the main characters are such perfected stereotype that no analysis needs to be provided to perfectly understand them: there ' s the average male protagonist preston (ethan embry ), prom queen and cheerleader amanda (jennifer beloved - hewitt ), football star mike (peter facinelli ), blank knocker wannabe kenny (seth green ), computer geek william (charlie korsmo ), and brainy foreigner denise (lauren ambrose ). ane couldn ' t stand any of those characters. whether it constitute william getting sot and sign language along to heavy metallic songs or kenny proclaiming " yo, i gotta make sex tonight! ", all i could think of was how elfont and kaplan possibly managed to con columbia university pictures prohibited of ten trillion dollars to fund their film. apparently, seat ' t hardly time lag is supposed to equal a funniness, but it tends to give out in this respect because of the fact that it ' s not funny. in all honesty, elfont and kaplan should be force by their employer to attend remedial class in humour. and when atomic number 53 say " forced ", i think it. they should embody strapped down to a professorship and have their eyes wedged open in a similar fashion to alex in a clockwork orange. this is how urgently they need to be develop about the concept of humour. for representative, can ' t hardly wait feature a foreign substitution student who is teach to ingeminate nonsensical statements such as " i am a sex machine. " for some understanding, elfont and kaplan believe that if this character reference reprize it enough, eventually it will be funny. if only elfont and kaplan could recognise the irony that they actually got pay off for making this junk - like a shot that ' s funny story. 