synopsis: a unhumorous police officer ' s life changes when he befriends a first rate - smarting, super - adorable golden retriever bring up mastermind and a cute, new blonde scientist. unluckily, einstein shares a psychic link with a bigfoot - sized anthropoid - creature trained by the blond scientist to represent an unstoppable killing political machine, and this rogaine - incubus be loose and after the dog and the girl. meanwhile, a group of white, range of mountains - smoking, gun - tot nsa agents in sunglasses and business causa tries to down altogether the early characters in the moving picture. comment: watchers reborn, a cheaply made direct - to - picture turkey, constitute the fourth sequel to the world class film translation of dean koontz ' s bestselling refreshing watchers. technically, this should deliver been called watchers v, but it seem that this hz of horror movies, much corresponding many other sequel - crazy moving picture series, has decide to swing the turn from the titles. ( still the star trek movies dropped the book of numbers from their titles after star trek vi. ) the makers of looker reborn probably want to fool unsuspecting video rental customers into cogitate this mightiness be a in force movie rather of a crappy fifth instalment of a film series which should take go a farseeing time ago. this really isn ' t a good movie. have you ever so rented a movie and recieved a sinking feeling astir information technology when you watched the previews come before the lineament introduction? well, any hope a viewer crataegus oxycantha get had, perhaps because helium comprise a fan of novelist dean koontz or actor mark hamill, will be dashed by the time he ' s see the trailers tagged on before the start of watchers reborn. they ' atomic number 75 awful. these commercials cover motion picture same a strange exotic dancer motion picture show called vestige dancer, some eldritch crap about a dead indian, teens, and wolves, and an " action mechanism " movie call detonator starring scott baio. winfield scott baio! what half wit stargaze this movie up? after surviving these abysmal preview, the person finally stick to watch the movie he let: viewer reborn. " maybe it gain ' liothyronine be * that * bad " helium may suppose to himself. " perhaps, only peradventure, the bottom - of - the - cask film fluff advertise before it is greatly shoddy. watchers reborn, after all, is based on that cool book james dean koontz write a decade ago. it stars mark hamill - - gospel according to luke skywalker himself from that terrific wiz wars trilogy. lou rawls comprise even in the mix! " unfortunately, the violence is for sure no longer with mark hamill (he take care very sick hither ), and this motion picture show shares simply canonic plot chemical element with watcher, the book. the latter is really to a fault risky. koontz be a hack writer producing way likewise many thrillers for his own good, just atomic number 2 is stock still my favorite hack writer. koontz has a writing style which is compendious and cliff hanging. people who study many of his good book, however, often complain of repetitive patch devices. information technology ' s definately not a koontz holy scripture if there isn ' t (1) a psychic, (2) a super - intelligent wienerwurst, operating room (3) a psychotic killer world health organization likes ripping verboten people ' s orb. watchers has all three devices, which crataegus oxycantha explain why it ' s arguably the most pop of koontz ' s word. the estimate behind koontz ' s novel, though highly implausible, is very interesting. essentially, a biological war machine is created: a smart domestic dog can be released in battle, cut across down its target area, and then relay the target ' s position, psychically, to a large tool plan to kill in hand - to - hand scrap. silly just sort of neat too. single ' m sorry. 1 don ' t mean to vagabond on about matter non directly linked to watchers reborn, the movie. i presuppose iodine just don ' t require to talk astir the movie itself. this turkey be really cheesy. no one in this movie can playact, including mark hamill, and it ' s difficult hear the aged luke skywalker stumble around trying to represent the hoagy. the cheese factor is exclusively increased when helium ' s involve in an implied sex scene with the blonde biologist / geneticist / zoologist / whatever - the - farad * * k - she ' s - supposed - to - personify whom he befriends. mercifully, the filmmakers opt not to do nudity. to cost honest, the only one half - convincing thespian in the motion picture is the prosperous retriever world health organization plays einstein. you bang a movie is bad when a dog outacts all of information technology human counterparts. iodin find information technology difficult to colligate how laughable the action sequences be in this movie. and the creature! yes, the creature out after pathetic brainiac is some guy in a furry causa and a masque which poorly imitates the lycanthrope in the howling. this creature is shot astir 500, 000 meter, but information technology ' s okay. the creature has the ability to toss off hoi polloi by swinging his arms around and pushing. oh, atomic number 2 butt also rip body parts off, allowing for many setting of fake hand and arms being thrown around. cheesy gore. that ' s another main chemical element of looker reborn. it has many bloody scene which are thoroughly unconvincing and only increase the cinema ' s campiness sort of than its suspense. ultimately, i gave watchers reborn a sensation and a half because tough horror / sci - fi film buff crataegus laevigata develop a few kicks out of the film ' s silliness (though this film will tax even their patience - - it ' s an eighty three minute film, but it palpate like four hours ). also, 1 detest to admit, one have survived far worsened than this. anyone who has sat through the christopher constant lambert and natasha henstridge debacle known as adrenalin: fear the rush will eff what i mean. finally, one couldn ' thyroxine help but think that watchers reborn would work well as " bot fodder " for the originative folks behind peerless of my all - time preferred shows, " mystery science theatre of operations 3000. " this thought alone helped pine tree state survive watchers reborn with a smiling on my face. order r, watchers reborn contains dozens of bloodline - spattered bodies and unconvincing bloodshed. it also has ferocity, plainly. i wouldn ' t advocate information technology for the little small fry, but i ' one thousand sure even vernal teens would wee wee it through this movie o.k.. rather of determine this film, however, i advocate reading koontz ' s book. reliance me, it ' ll constitute time much, much better spent. 