" flubber " embody the second serious illustration of how to look at wholly the life out of a film remake an adaption, and hysterically enough both were distributed by disney. information technology ' s the kind of film that crataegus oxycantha be slightly entertaining to flyspeck kids, just anyone else will feel left out as it ' s oil production, slow, and incredibly lifeless. what could be a picture show with cinematic illusion is instead deadened in the weewee, and it ' s a shame because information technology could have be a gravid film. hypothetically, i intend. " flubber, " as you probably know, is a remake of the disney classic i ne'er saw, " the absent minded prof, " where a, well, absent minded professor played by fred mcmurray create an quicksilver substance make out as " flubber, " you know, flying rubber? the new one keep the basic plot, but appears to have tally a lot else, like more absent - mindedness on the part of the proffessor, some more villains, and various " show - stop " moments, like a big rumba with the flubber, and some more elaborate setups, none which really make it any better, but instead make information technology worse. the canonical plot revolves around a college professor, philip brainerd (robin williams ), who create lots and lots of design, only is sadly absentminded minded. in fact, he ' s bury his wedding to the college ' s president, sara denim reynolds (indie actress marcia homo harden ), two time before he forgets it over again at the beginning. doesn ' t this warrant some sort of genial treatment? in any event, on his marriage clarence day (the 3rd one ), he invents the flubber, which not exclusively bounces cancelled of everything alike a super ball on speed, but can also change chassis like the aliens in water form in " the abyss. " philip believes that this design, once fully make, will save his college, which is in terror of be shut out down by a millionaire business leader / villain, chester hoenicker (raymond j. barry ), which is ironically enough the same college his brat son (testament wheaton - thought he was dead) goes to. through a plot twist, hoenicker ' s goons, named david smith and wesson (ha hour angle - what a great sense of humor this film bear) who be played by clancy brown and ted levine (both world health organization needed the earnings chit ), discover it the voiceless way, and try to slip for hoenicker, who wants it just ' cause he ' s evil plenty. a sub - plot involve philip ' s attempts to win back sara, who ' s angry at him (and with good reason ), just who is being seduced by who be basically philip ' s belloq, wilson croft (christopher mcdonald, play the hysterically suave - yet - unsuave asswhole once again ). and in another subplot, duke of edinburgh ' s twenty four hour period - timer robot, weebo (voiced by the one - and - solely jodi benson ), fall in erotic love with him. yuckity - yuck. what ' s most pitiful astir this film is how slow information technology is. you don ' t need to make up a cynical college student to be able to see the right way through this film, which is another in a long line of cheap attempts at making a quick buck by disney, who have essentially become the puff daddy of the film industry, half - assedly re - mixing classic (or non - classics) for distribution to the general public, world health organization lamentably eats information technology all up. to begin with in ' ninety seven, they released " jungle 2 hobo camp, " an adaptation of a genuinely awful french film, " un indien dans la ville, " which, yea, improved over the original, but not by much. disney ' s in about as bad build as charles dudley warner brother right now, alone creatively. in the rush to send out a moving picture show for distribution, disney has forgotten to give this film a slight thing bid " illusion. " such scenes as dance flubber, a flying machine, a basketball squad that fairly much sucks fell all around thanks to some cautiously placed flubber, and an elaborate ending all fail to amaze, joy, or even cause people to laugh. iodine sit thither the entire film harlan stone face, chuckling perhaps double, and shaking my head at all the bad jokes. who could really laugh at a view where duke of edinburgh enter the wrong classroom and start teaching chemistry? didn ' t call up so. it doesn ' t service that our protagonist is basically unfunny or even really estimable. duke of edinburgh is non a loveable absent minded professory, just a really dumb military personnel being played by robin hank williams. theodore samuel williams is a superb comic actor. .. okey, a brilliant actor in general, but here atomic number 2 ' s given very small to do but from time to time puzzle hyper concluded something, and other time act sad. those times, atomic number 2 ' s non bad. simply what are we supposed to cogitate of a man who ' s forgotten his wedding thrice? maybe it was queer and / surgery respectable in the 60. .. 1 like walt disney, and i unremarkably revel their films, not only animated but live action, and their recent pic (make unnecessary for " hercules, " which was good, only not great) experience been bad than lackluster, they ' ve been hapless. " hobo camp 2 jungle " is likely the uncollectible pic i saw last year. " flubber " ' south probably 2d. what do they need to serve? peradventure create something new. get writers world health organization can write something that ' s universally entertaining. films like " the parent trap " and " mary poppins " are picture show that are live action (or in the latter case a mix of both ), but yet one can still watch them because they ' re not solely write to be magical to kid, but to make up fun to adult. what ' s more torturous that taking a kid to a film that insults you and irritate you at every turn? and my god, couldn ' t they have done something else with edie mcclurg? 