botch rich kid kelley international morse code (chris klein) receives a new mercedes for a graduation present tense. atomic number 2 and his sidekick contract it for a joyride to a small nearby town, where he go on to torment the topical anaesthetic simply because helium ' s rich and they ' re not. he end up provoking jasper (josh hartnett) into a race and as a answer, the local gas station and dining compartment are destroyed when they crash into it. kelley is sentenced to rebuild the diner, and have to live with jasper in a unembellished room terminated his family ' atomic number 16 barn. jasper ' s girlfriend sam (leelee sobieski) soon involve a liking to kelley however, despite the fact that one) it was her family ' s diner that was destroyed and b) all kelley do is sit around, sulkiness, and smart off to the townspeople. merely when she sees him sweaty and shirtless, that ' s apparently all she need to lose her feelings for jasper (whose only mistake appear to be a perpetual case of hat hair ). thus sobieski soon falls in love with kelley, especially after the day she follows him done the wood and hears him giving his commencement speech (which he was unable to deliver because he caused the destruction of place and most killed dozens of people ). in the speech, kelley quotes a poem by henry martyn robert rime, which just indeed chance to be sam ' s favorite poem equally good. awwwww. soon they ' re frolicking or so in the field and for some reason waste no fourth dimension let people in townsfolk (especially jasper ' s best champion) see them together. kelley continues to stool an backside of himself in town, specially when helium picture up at the town dance, drunk and steaming because sam went with jasper. kelley extend turned and decides to leave town. sam overhear up to him at the bus station and he necessitate her to come to boston with him. jasper shows up and tearfully confesses to sam just how much he have it away her, and surface to air missile, without still breaking stride basically says " see ya! " and take off to boston with kelley. hither on earth goes in so many wrong directions from the starting time that by the fourth dimension its fairly decent ending comes around, its completely worthless. chris felix klein and leelee sobieski are two of my current favorite immature performers, and it ' s because of their presence that i watch this plastic film in the first place. nonetheless, not long into the proceedings i wanted to just contact into the picture show and strangle them both. 1 shouldn ' t have such feelings towards people i similar, just their characters be so infuriating that. .. well trust pine tree state, you ' ll feel the like way. even though both of the lead male graphic symbol are usually in the awry, kelley is hands depressed the to a greater extent unlikable of the deuce, simply because his jerkish actions are calculated. he mean to be a fathead each and every time he does it. jasper on the other hand, just react to kelley ' s provocations, and afterwards comes across as being truly sorry for his impulsive action. merely, as in life, skillful guys finish last place. for the entire film we watch sam declivity in love with the guy no one wish while the film ' sulfur only likeable character get under one's skin completely crushed. then, a cancer subplot comes into play (where thing engender yet more infuriating, if you canful ideate that ). what, affair weren ' t lower enough for you mr. film writer? world health organization greenlit this project? who " on earth " thought this would entertain anyone? mayhap if the film had been structured where kelley perhaps feel some remorse after he make the devastation of property and intimately obliterate dozens of people. but even after helium ' s destroyed these people ' s live he continues to make up a snob to them, and ruins i more than for good measure. here on earth be available on videodisc from fox home entertainment. it hold in the film in information technology original theatrical aspect proportion of 1. 85: 1 and is enhanced for 16x9 television set. extras include jessica simpson ' s music video for " where you are ", a commercial message for the moving picture show ' s soundtrack (which by the way be the only good thing about the film ), the original theatrical trailer and five tv spots, prevue for other fox releases (anna and the king, anyplace but hither, the beach, drive me crazy, ever after, romeo + juliet, simply irresistible ), as well as that new fox promo touting their upcoming dvd relinquish that i really enjoy. the picture and levelheaded quality on the disc are hunky dory. .. nothing that bequeath dispute anyone ' s audio / video scheme of course of instruction. fans of this movie (if any exist) should relish the dvd going. hither on earth is non entertaining nor is it compelling. no joy or amusement time value can buoy be derived from any of the events of the moving picture show. information technology is merely a waste of prison term, money and gift. 