capsule: the running gag pair of characters from all of kevin smith ' s films gets their ain movie. the gags personify sporadically funny. information technology is more than now and then comic for teens who are fond of scatological humour and anti - gay jokes. the plot is weak and the lead are not a particularly laughable laughable squad. the little inside jokes and digs at other entertainment and particularly at kevin david roland smith moving picture show are the best features of the motion picture. lamentably for me they were just not funny enough to make the pic worth watching. this feel comparable the high school skit that that the principal would non get the kids do on endowment dark. ( and it turns out he get very good reason. ) , modest 0 (- little joe to + 4 ) a plastic film needs a plot. it needs characters for empathy value. it needs a news report and an emotional center. if a film is just a chain of mountains of jokes it can just be thus good and any entertainment time value volition come after or betray based on how shady the jokes are. kevin smith receive now spend a penny two satisfying films, clerk and track amy. with dogma helium try to make a philosophical spiritual comedy and interracial with a madcap romp. peter cook and dudley moore did that very successfully with their bedazzle. merely get the combination to work be very hard to serve right and kevin smith ' s faecal monsters in dogma were not the way of life to do it. his remain ii motion picture show, mallrats and his new john jay and silent bob strike back are aimed squarely at a teenage interview. jay and silent dock bang back is a compendium of gay jokes, penis joke, flatulency jokes, film pastiche, and in - antic. how amusing the joke are will be a subjective call. for pine tree state, the huge majority of the jokes were just non very shady. there equal non enough cleverness or variety. it is funny at most formerly or twice to accuse individual of being gay. penis trick work only so many times. showing upward as underage characters in every kevin smith film jay and silent bobfloat were a clever pair of human running jest. they exist sort of the modern equivalents of naunton wayne and sweet basil radford, the comic dyad who showed up lampoon the english middle class in several good british military post - war films including idle of night, the lady vanishes, and passport to pimlico. jay and silent bob be originally supposedly typical coevals x stoners. as the serial wore on they have larger and larger parts. in jay and mute bob strike back they are the pb. john jay and silent bob (play by jason mewes and kevin smith) are track aside from the front of the gizmo store where they were dealing drug in clerks. this leaves them at loose ends. they are not sure what would make up worthwhile to make with their liveliness when they get wind that a comic book with part visually model on them will be adapted into a movie. they make up one's mind to devote their lives to wrecking the picture show or getting some of that big film industry cash. so information technology is cancelled to hollywood to escape from down the motion picture company and having adventures along the way. the film represent mostly about their adventure on the route and when they get to hollywood the problem with this comedy team make up that neither genuinely pulls his weight to defecate the movie funny. still bob, being silent, lav only kick in to the comedy by react with that real expressive boldness of his. this makes his piece of the comedy even less than a uncoiled humankind like a dean st. martin or bud abbott would have. jay take to personify the comic. he could expect the load for both if he were passing inventive. the problem is that he be not sufficiently comical. atomic number 2 is too bland to be the laughable one half and his lines just practice non designate any comic flair. therefore jay and silent bob are a long way from being a successful comical team. their starring roles and the low humor make this a funniness for those untried at mind and for people who can laugh at gags they own seen before - - sometimes simply instant before. like dogma before it, merely definitely not like tag amy, this film palpate more like an unskilled skit than a material picture. certainly neither the plot nor the graphic symbol embody at all involving. they personify excuses for gags, many of which however fall flat. information technology be dogma without any of the humorous theological content. the film make not offer a great deal to an adult audience. atomic number 53 rate it quatern on the 0 to 10 shell and a down in the mouth 0 on the - 4 to + iv scale. 