abridgment: not as bad a continuation as brag 2 or batman & robin, but yet dreadfully putrid, cheesy and ill - conceived. this one belong in saturday morning cartoon. .. extended review: you love, about halfway through this movie, i actualize that if you hack come out everything except the fight scenes, you ' d get a damn fine 35 minutes or so of flashy, hong kong style martial arts. beautifully choreographed by robin shou, world health organization besides plays liu kang, the scrap scenes are both mind - blowing and graceful, athletic plenty to create olympic gymnasts weep. this constitute what made the original so fun, but unfortunately for the subsequence, we are without the frenetic directorial style of saul of tarsus anderson. alternatively, they baffle john universal gas constant. leonetti, the camera operator for the original mortal kombat. not a safe choice. while the fight scenery are vicious and center - popping, the rest of the movie looks like touchstone made for tv transportation. the acting be sub - equivalence, which i could endure if information technology represent not for a.) the director ' s style, b.) the particular effects, & light speed.) the discourse of the story and characters. a.) mr.. leonetti should go back to light, in my popular opinion. i could say xii of big things astir him: he way overuses slow - movement, atomic number 2 has no eye for activity, he rear end ' t get even mediocre performances out of actors, and so on. but by far his worst move was the elbow room he treat jumping. apparantly, everybody can now wing. inferno, i ' g all for the occaisional gravity hold up impudent kick and whatnot, only not when it happens every few minutes, and is do so poorly. better jumping and acrobatics have cost experience in xena: warrior princess. in short, they should suffer amaze paul philip warren anderson back. or at least let robin shou lineal. .. b.) different the initiative one, whose sfx were vivacious and somewhat realistic, mk: a ' s exceptional effects are bland, fake looking, and overall just plain bad. iodine counted at least half a dozen times that blue - screening was distressingly obvious. make this film be produce in the 80 ' s, it would have represent ground - breaking. but in today ' reciprocal ohm manufacture, information technology doesn ' t yet look finished. coulomb.) now for the _really_ bad character. i admit, i ' megabyte an zealous fan of the mortal kombat serial publication. the games are amusing diversions, an easy agency to work bump off tension and anger. the first motion picture was a mindlessly fun thrillride. this could have be a truly cool movie. it isn ' t. the writers apparantly view as it necessary to get down the target audience from teens to preschooler. some of the plot elements be scarce plain stupid. how stupefied? take, for case, how our heroes move around. they apply giants spheres the coil more or less underground, purportedly at g of miles per hour. .. oh male child. .. still worse is the treatment of lowly characters. blink and you ' ll miss ' mutton quad. most character had more profoundness in the video games. if you mean batman & erithacus rubecola live bad about this, you ain ' t seen nothin ' yet. a near lxxv% of the characters are introduced, quetch somebody around a bit, then either dice or are forget astir. thither ' southward no account at all for this. and for the final blasphemy, the competitiveness that all the devotee were waiting rabidly for, the fight hyped to be the most intricate of the movie, lasted astir deuce ace moment and then but sort of. .. ended. it almost made maine weep. to summarize information technology all upwards, rent it on video, and fast - forward through everything except the fight scenes. 