you would think that this film ' s grim bankruptcy would exist due to american filmmakers getting hold of a vivid british comedy and " americanizing " information technology. you ' d be ill timed, since full incrimination can be placed on the very folk who wrote and make the serial: rowan atkinson, turdus migratorius driscoll, and richard curtis. should you e'er pass to meet those chaps, do me a favour. catch them by the whisker and yell really loudly in their ear, " what were you think?! have you ever hear the phrase ' if it ain ' t fall apart don ' t fix information technology '? ! " then walk off. the flick concerns mr. bean (atkinson) and his visit to america while escort the painting of " whistler ' s mother " to an american purchaser (played by burt reynolds, in the type of bit part that his success in " boogie night " should hopefully do away with ). straight off how operating room why mr. bean be sent on this trip up makes no sense, and i fanny ' t yet describe how the pic explains it. the period is that mr. attic comes to america and causes kookie trouble. problems problems job, where to begin? first, the score euphony from the telecasting show has personify completely replaced by score that is either at times one eminence aside from the grudge from " beetlejuice " or ace note away from the score from " rob roy ". then, the sung choices be totally uninspired. " good vibration "? " ace love lambert. a. "? scream, preceptor ' t put any thought into that guys. as well, bean makes agency too much randomness in the film. the type doesn ' t speak much, but in the serial you really only heard the laugh of the audience, and perhaps the occasional murmur from mr. bean. each installment was like a chaplin silent movie. in the movie, bean is constantly moaning, grunting, whining, etc. information technology ' s annoying, and just kick faulty for the character. the main problem though is that it ' sec just not amusing. with each sequence of the series at that place would be lashings of really great laugh crammed into less than thirty minutes. multiply that running time by three however, and the joke steadily reduction. they even have the frog to restate jokes from the series. sad, and creatively lazy. as a serial publication, " mr. bean " only ran for astir 13 episodes or thus. why on earth did atkinson and the crowd decide it live fourth dimension to whole rework everything? 13 half - minute episodes sure enough hadn ' metric ton exhausted all possible situations. all i backside say positively for the film at this point constitute that information technology ' s almost appropriate for all ages, if it wasn ' tonne for a couple of scenes where it appears as though mr.. bean is having sex with things. and still that international relations and security network ' t a very positive statement. please guys, move backwards to england and go rearwards to television so you ' ll make me laugh again. [ pg - 13 ] 