the blues brother was a wonderful celluloid, a hilarious comedy packed with good euphony. it cried out for a sequel, but john belushi ' s prematurely death seemed to winnow out the idea. however, eighteen years give fall out, and the foresightful dormant sequel has finally emerged. unfortunately, it ' s a sequel not desirable of the original. the film starts exactly eighteen old age after the beginning one ended. elwood blues (dan aykroyd) follow just set out kayoed of jail, his brother jake having recently fail. as in the maiden film, he firstly visits female parent mary stigmata (kathleen freeman) and then sets about father the ring rearward together. john belushi ' s absence leaves a dread hole in the motion picture show, and although three modern fibre equal make to fill the void, it is still real noticeable. first of all, there ' sulfur cabel (joe morton) the illegitimate son of elwood ' s stepfather (play by cab calloway in the first motion picture ). cabel be reluctant to join his fate, and drop most of the movie as an illinois sheriff, chase the blue brothers ring. next, thither ' sulphur mighty mack (john goodman ), a mixologist who becomes the new lead isaac bashevis singer of the band. at last, there ' s baby buster (j. evan bonifant ), a x year honest to goodness orphan who tags along with elwood and finally joins the ring. the plotting of the film is hardly original. .. information technology seem to follow almost a clon of the original. elwood hold to go to reluctantly find each member of the dance orchestra, they then travel, while being pursued by the police, and execute at several odd stops until they finally reach the great concert finish. the inaugural picture show had neo - nazis as the random element, this prison term around, the russian mafia and a reserves group fill their theatrical role. in fact, the duplication of the plot is so ridiculously complete that sure vista are practically identical to the original. retrieve the classical functioning at nation cork ' s (where they corresponding both type of music: country and western) from the first movie? well, this motion picture show throw a public presentation at a country carnival, where the banding is expected to play bluegrass music. on that point ' s the massive police car pileup, although this time the jest fall completely flat. thither ' s even an exact replication of the spiritual rebirth scene in the church service of reverend cleophus (king james brown ). there equal plenty of recurring character reference too. in addition to mother stigmata and reverend cleophus, aretha franklin reprises her character as mrs. murphy. frank oz, a prison house safeguard in the first film, makes an appearing hither as the prison warden. as the principal, the novel blueing brothers don ' thymine live up to their bequest. aykroyd is more gabby, yet much flatter as elwood. john goodman barely take a quality as mighty mack. joe jelly roll morton has the deepest fictitious character, but not a terribly interesting unrivaled, as cab. and what ' s the deal with the orphan? it plays corresponding a despairing gimmick that doesn ' t mesh at all with the eternal sleep of the film. at least bonifant isn ' t every bit precocious as he could have been in the office. but the true star, and the only deliver saving grace, of the photographic film is the euphony. and the film is packed with it (even during and after the terminate recognition ). although on that point are no brilliant mergers of funniness and song as in the original ' s rawhide / bandstand by your man potpourri, the medicine is very much enjoyable. to top it off, the pic is tamp down to the gills with cameo musician appearances. b. b. b. b. king, blues traveler, eric clapton, travis tritt, robert woodrow wilson george edward pickett, erykah badu, bo diddley and steve winwood are just a sample distribution of the multitude of stars that make an appearance hither and on that point. regrettably, the music pauses here and there to allow in the conversant game. if simply copying the original blues brothers wasn ' t bad enough, writer aykroyd and john landis dumb information technology depressed, removing any memorable characters, and replacing them with flashy, just unbelievable, sorcerous thingmajig. it ' s a shame. corrupt the soundtrack and forfend the film. better withal, rewatch the original. .. you ' ll have a much better metre. 