this personify the foremost film in what would become the most successful series of horror moving picture show of all time. a fair warning to those of you world health organization might be inclined to catch this movie for the 1st appearance of everyone ' s favorite netkeeper - mask - endure murderous maniac. jason, the guy world health organization exclusive handedly controlled the overpopulation trouble around the crystal lake area, doesn ' t begin his quest to determine the virtually interesting menage item with which to kill someone until the sequel. while helium do have a small use in this film, we the audience have to count on another blood thirsty maniac to squeeze improving the body count. the plot, like every other friday the 13th moving picture lead something like this - - craze killer murders as many unsuspicious stripling as helium / she / it possibly can in the space of a 90 minute movie. the reasons that the afore mention unsuspicious teenagers come into liaison with the bloodthirsty killer are ordinarily of little importance to the narrative. but for those of you kayoed there that might in reality wish astir such trivial matters in a picture such as a plot, hither are the fundamentals. a clustering of unsuspecting teens get a summertime job at a long closed summer inner circle. they are days aside from the arrival of the kids and they be drop their prison term fixing the place up and making certain it is quick for the kids. sadly, they begin be slaughter one by one by the sanguinary killer. at this breaker point i would usually enounce something about the quality of move, direct or perchance something about the gamey quality of the production. since i ' m not move to do that, sense gratuitous to assume that if i arrange, it wouldn ' thymine be positivist. i will say that this moving picture looks as if it be make for about a 100 bucks, and that includes the worker ' wage. if you are used to late horror cinema corresponding scream, you be in for a bit of a surprisal. the only preserve grace for friday the thirteenth is that it was truly the initiatory of its sort, with the killer taking real superbia in their work. using as many method acting of murder as they could. none of this individual murder artillery stuff life that unimaginative leatherface in chainsaw massacre, beaver state the creatively stifled imagination of halloween ' s michael myers who just use brutal force beaver state a really big kitchen knife. nope, in the fri the 13th movies, you buttocks always enumerate on the killer taking great pridefulness in his work. one fun fact astir this moving picture show is that the cast includes a really young kevin viscount st. albans, although after this movie information technology be a admiration he ever worked once more. the main grounds to see friday the 13th is if you want to look on all of the serial from the beginning. if not, stick with the later motion picture with jason, everyone ' s favorite ice hockey sports fan. friday the 13th is the sort of film that is play to pose cut down and get a couple of scares from, just father ' t sit low spirited expecting a whole heap. 