sorry motion picture described as " a swift lineage into sinful delight, disintegration, and debauchery " are hard to watch. bad 2000 ' s movies that resemble sorry eighties films are even harder to watch. shadow hours falls into the latter category, a mish - mashed educate wreck of b - movie actors (including michael dorn, aka star trek ' s worf ), an uninteresting plot, vain endeavour at capitalizing on the " clandestine " scenes of seedy los angeles, and very, really bad directing and horrendous medicine video - esque ballistic editing that was taught to me in film school right before i decided to drop out. the cinema go around around the life of michael holloway (balthazar getty) who is trying to restart his spirit with his one - dimensional married woman chloe (rebecca gayheart) after a nasty bout of drug and alcohol addictions. michael takes a job of working the necropolis shift at the local gasolene post and is bombarded by the nefariousness and weirdness of the nightlife of l. a. unitary night, atomic number 2 fulfill a strange gent named stuart (mr. buckaroo banzai, peter weller ). he drives a porsche, smokes french cigarette, and lagger on astir life, eventually coaxing mike into exploring the " underbelly " of l. a. together, a hitch of punk bars, atomic number 16 & m clubs, and desolate - knuckle fighting. the film so throws in a murder mystery with a cop played peter greene, acting similar he wants to get the chance at a reprisal of his role in the mask 2. the motion picture then simply dissolves into a cheap rip - off of dante alighieri ' s inferno mixed with an old stephen watt second. cannell tv set pilot. the pace of the motion picture constitute jarring and utterly without focus. other horror include the dateless montages of citizenry pumping gas and the charlie sheen, rebel depp, richard grieco - esque playacting of balthazar getty. peter weller clearly fuck his career is wholly gone and doesn ' t give two shits astir it. and after the cheap victimisation of thralldom nightspot, dance clubs, and brothels - damn, international relations and security network ' t anyone safe any to a greater extent from the ugly eye of hollywood!? way rearwards in 1984, a great but crazy director cite abel ferrara made his worse film and call it fear city. shadow hours cue pine tree state of an almost perfect sequel. director / writer: isaac eaton producers: saint peter the apostle alevey, andrea mia, shon greenblatt, balthasar getty starring: balthazar getty, pecker weller, rebecca gayheart, peter greene, frederic forrest, brad douriff, michael dorn 