by the time dennis quaid, the ostensible star of switchback, seduce his initiative show at about the 22 - minute mark, you may find out yourself wondering why he incommode. after all, author / director jeb stuart has already set upwards a passably promising span of parallel story crease. the first finds amarillo, texas sheriff pearl buck olmstead (r. lee ermey) facing a hotly - contested election battle simply as a brutal treble homicide is discovered at a motel in his legal power. as olmstead begins his investigation, we besides meet the deuce men who come in to be our choice suspects. lane dixon (jared leto) make up an enigmatic young hitchhiker; bob goodall (danny glover) is the jovial automobilist world health organization offers lane a ride from texas to his utah goal. altogether the necessary conflicts look to be in position - - the internal conflict of olmstead over the clash between unspoiled politics and skillful police force work, and the external struggle as one of the two traveler eventually becomes villain to the other ' s protagonist. but then quaid shows upwardly as grimly determined fbi agent frank lacrosse. lacrosse be certain that the amarillo murders are the body of work of a sequent killer he has personify tracking for nearly two old age. he ' s non imagine to equal tracking him any to a greater extent - - according to the bureau, they ' ve got their adult male - - simply lacrosse has a very important reason for believing other than. two months before, lacrosse ' s own word was kidnapped by the orcinus orca, and the son has yet to turn upwardly anywhere. lacrosse knows his orca ' s piece of work, and he knows that the valet be still proscribed there someplace trying to continue their game. information technology wouldn ' t make up fair to reduce everything that ' s wrong with switchback to quaid ' s presence, but it ' s a pretty good lieu to start. there ' s a reason lacrosse feels like an intruder in the narrative instead of its full of life nerve center: as a spectacular actor, dennis quaid possesses on the nose one facial expression and unitary outspoken intonation. we rear end tell lacrosse be determined because his brass is a perpetual tight - jawed, sourpuss pucker; we can tell he ' s grim because every word comes out in an eastwood - esque rasp. a to a greater extent flexible performing artist mightiness have given weight to the character, pull the audience into his obsessed intensity, making switchback _his_ film. quaid merely looks annoyed and slightly constipate. it ' s tough to become emotionally commit in a character ' s turmoil when it looks like all he genuinely needs be a big trough of bran flakes. yet without quaid, it doesn ' t appear that switchback would have delay on course. the early view between leto and glover have a full of life energy, building our curiosity all over which valet - - the taciturn kid oregon his gregarious benefactor - - be the real threat. unfortunately, stuart tips his mitt far likewise early in the plot, both through the rake of the individual performance and the facts helium select to reveal. once the mystery story of the cause of death ' s identity be dispatched, the interaction between latona and glover becomes stale and predictable. in fact, " stale and predictable " line the direction that switchback takes in general, falling back on far - overly - common hollywood devices alike cats jumping out of nowhere, a climactic fistfight on board a freight train, and edgy natural law enforcement agents. it ' s too defective stuart wasn ' triiodothyronine willing to spend more time with sheriff olmstead, far and away the to the highest degree interesting and appeal character in the film. play with atypical control by radius. downwind ermey, helium ' s a wonderful, unconventional hero who seems genuinely comfortable bear the consequences of acting on his judgment of conviction. a movie focusing on the olmstead would have signaled a picture - manufacturing business willing to take a few danger with his casting and story - telling. or else, stuart station his trust in a " name " principal who can ' t carry the cloth. maybe side by side time he ' ll throw away that one crucial page in the script, the unity where the grimly find out fbi factor wanders onto the view to muck up up a perfectly unspoilt story. 