it ' s hard to expect much from a director whose greatest accomplishments to date are a fistful of " award - gain " tv commercial message, as be the case with bubble boy director blair hayes. that said, hayes ' s feature film unveiling live upwardly to expectations, coming off principally as equal piece offensive and moronic. but occasionally, bubble boy surpass it deficient roots with gleam of body fluid and scathing social commentary. those minute of intelligence service are delivered by and large by the film ' sulphur two stars, jake gyllenhall as the immuno - deficient jimmy and swoosie kurtz as his terminated - protective, hyper spiritual, reagan - loving female parent. gyllenhall ' s sweet - natured delivery of jimmy ' s hilariously na? ve narration serves as the vertebral column for an differently flimsy hail - of - historic period story: jimmy is a bubble boy, a kid born without immunity who could die if he comes in contact with a undivided germ - - a plight explored more seriously in the john travolta tv movie male child in the plastic bubble and less so on seinfeld. his mom abode - schoolhouse jimmy, filling his head with wildly twisted conservative propaganda and anti - intimate messages, until he ' s befriended by chloe (marley shelton ), the beautiful girl next door. jemmy falls in love with chloe, but is afraid that his love bequeath literally drink down him, as evidenced in a picture when she drunkenly try out to record his house of cards for a kiss. just when chloe decides to marry her in high spirits school boyfriend, jemmy builds a bubble lawsuit and embarks on a hijinks - addled bilk - country voyage to stop the wedding by professing his love. the unsavoury bits have little to do with jemmy ' s rare handicap (regardless of what the film ' atomic number 16 protesters would have you believe ), but or else heart and soul on outrageous racial stereotype, including a screaming taiwanese strip club owner and a devout east indian hindi. but even if you happen stereotype humor funny remark, it ' s unvoiced to muster more than than a giggle for these shallow jest. they even manage to bungle some potentially great minute with a grouping of carnival junky. but a few of the harsh jab manage to work, peculiarly in the case of kurtz, who really bluntly shows the iniquity, hypocritical side of the spiritual right, and a wacky send - up of a cult called " bright ' n shiny, " led by the inimitable fabio. unfortunately, a few giggle can ' t make bubble boy the lush, off - the - wall clowning it so urgently desire to be. honestly, it ' s a mystery story how on earth this picture show was ever make, and iodin ' m non just saying that because information technology ' s so mediocre. how rum for disney to take a gamble on a film with an strange director asterisk virtually unknown actors that doesn ' t seem to appeal to any particular demographic and has the potential to offend so many. and instantly that the studio apartment is suffering through with a very public protest against the film by the parent of real - life bubble boy david philip vetter, maybe disney ' s wondering the like matter. go for the opening box office take cause information technology worthwhile. 