in " the astronaut ' s married woman, " charlize theron plays a young womanhood with a unquiet demeanor, pyxie - hairdo and demon spawn unknowingly mature in her belly. if but her figure wasn ' t jillian, the almighty of this embarrassing bit of sci - fi shlock could have derive up with a far more appropriate statute title: " rosemary ' s coinage. " what a shame information technology is to visit such a gifted actress as theron - oscar - worthy in " the devil ' s advocate " - struggle with the lamest rent - off of a screendom classic in recent retentiveness. ok, maybe " the astronaut ' s wife " deviates from " rosemary ' s baby " turf for its set - up, which find out our heroine terrorized not by satan ' s minion but her amok married man (johnny depp ), a shuttle pilot whose foreign mission misadventure leaves him, um, a changed man. predictably, he and the missus get it on in a successiveness best described as unpleasant, his vicious seed prang up her with twins and agnize that swell " bowfinger " line astir " alien love. " theron ' s " advocate " case faced a like quandary, the repulsion there resonating powerfully. " astronaut " supply only artificial anxiety. last year ' s every bit noodle - lead " species ii " whirl a similar premise about the breeding habits of an extraterrestrial on solid ground, but at least that pic more surgery less fuck it follow garbage. " the astronaut ' s married woman " be grave and humor - free, passing it increasingly silly story off as full - fledged serious, right downward to an ambiguous finale that isn ' t yet go to satisfy those who ' ve stayed with it so far. here ' s a tinge: information technology involves lot of weewee, electrical equipment, a special consequence from " the abyss " and the tots who double up up as adam sandler ' s conscientious objector - lead in " big daddy. " take out your own conclusions. theatre director / writer ayn rand ravich coat the proceedings in dynamical sights orchestrate by legendary " e. t. " cinematographer ethan allen daviau, but to a fault often favour the flick ' s visual presentation over the narration he ' s trying to tell. this bodes horribly for each dramatic maturation, alike the surfacing of a suspicious nasa official (" velocity " ' mho joe morton) to inspire jill ' s slow and stupid comprehension of the the true. his hyper - erratic behavior is probably supposed to make wife a paranoid sharpness. rather, he adds to the phoniness. theron and depp are certainly beyond this junk and testament bring other chances to rise themselves this downslope - she as part of an imposing ensemble case in the john irving adjustment " cyder house rules, " atomic number 2 in the lead of tim burton ' s eagerly - awaited " sleepy hollow. " undeserving of such talent, " the astronaut ' s wife " pull off to be derivative, dull and uninvolving despite its ostensibly ripe potency for unwitting joke. in space, no one dismiss get wind you scream. but in a movie theatre, everyone can buoy hear you snore. 