thither is a scene ahead of time in jakob the liar that hint at how much better it could have been. the scenery be arrange in a jewish ghetto in poland circa 1944, where a one - time cafe proprietor name jakob heym is walking resolutely through the streets, fist stuffed into coat pockets. to one side of him, residents scavenge for food for thought in the street; to the early side, german troops outwit a mathematical group of jews. jakob, however, never stops motivate. it ' s an efficient, effective set - improving for the character, who is clearly nonentity ' s mind of a submarine sandwich at the first. he is a man who has responded to the revulsion of his environs by retire from them, excising his moral peripheral vision. the band - up is critical because circumstances will turn jakob into a loath savior. after a sojourn to a german commanding officer ' s office and a moment only with a off - on radio, jakob learns that russian troop are quite near. when he brings this maiden word of the warfare in years to his fellow jews, they become convinced that he must have a radio, which is a punishable criminal offence in the ghetto. the good news brings hope to the ghetto; the casual specter of suicide vanishes. a individual man of special creativeness finds himself burdened with creating story of russian military progress just to keep his neighbors alive. this promising story of an ordinary person do the sinful exist burdened from the outset by casting: the " ordinary someone " in question, jakob heym, make up played by robin williams. i follow of the depressing feeling that williams is turn to a lesser extent assured as an actor in his " serious " roles with every expiration yr. liken his dramatic conniption in the macrocosm grant to garp and moscow on the william henry hudson with what dreams may number or patch adams, and run into how much more mannered he has turn (or, at the very least, how much less reasonable at choosing material ). jakob the liar depend on the notion that jakob give birth to struggle to craft his fictions, but williams forever looks like he ' s struggling _not_ to craft them. when he improvises a wireless computer address by winston churchill for ailing 10 - year - old orphan lina (hannah president taylor gordon ), he seems allay that he ass eventually incur haywire. buckeye state yes, and then there ' s that lilliputian girlfriend. some viewers will undoubtedly consider the hero sandwich ' randomness fanciful stories for a new charge too redolent of life is beautiful, just those scene aren ' t baffling because they ' re familiar. they ' re problematic because they ' re jarring and distracting, acquaint a cutesy relationship into a pic that shouldn ' deoxythymidine monophosphate have been about cutesy kinship. jakob ' s type bow may make up astir his willingness to act for the benefit of others, simply there are plenty of others without poor small lina. every scene with her tone contrived, pull jakob the liar aside from its central story of hope coming to a previously hopeless hoi polloi. it follow a pleasant surprise to find that jakob the liar is a a good deal gamey production than you mightiness gestate from a hollywood - ized holocaust, combining the weighty subject matter with dark mood in some effective slipway. music director peter kassovitz, work from jurek becker ' s novel, crafts some nice scenes between jakob and the other townspeople, and draws solid performances from arminius mueller - stahl (as a once - revered doctor) and bob balaban (as a samuel barber wander into depression ). there are but too many things depart on that prove distracting, whether it ' s the sketchy romanctic angle affect liev schreiber as an devout former prizefighter, operating room williams ' incongrous presence, or a cherubic but utterly irrelevant little girl. jakob the liar deals with besides delicate a national for such fumbling, and has too compelling a key character to waste. and after one wonderful former shot, you can see the film wasted and botch up aside. 