the tagline on random hearts reads " in a perfect world, they never would stimulate met. " in a perfect world, i never would deliver seen this movie. the biggest flaw is that 20 minutes into this film, kay chandler (kristin walter scott thomas) and dutch van hideout broeck (harrison ford) are the entirely two major characters alive; resulting in little doubt that they will terminate up together at some point during the operose ii - hours - and - then - some production. dutch is a serjeant at law in internal affairs at the district of columbia police force department. kay is a representative from new hampshire. although they both think they are blithely wed, their better half are cheating with each former behind their cover. dutch and kay are before long widow when a plane go down carrying their partners; they subsequently come upon the thing. the relaxation of the film is the pointless, unrealistic and often - clip tire history of their researching the sexual family relationship that they were screen to, and getting to know each other in the process. two sub plot of land are of little assistance to the already problematic film. dutch people embody trying to arrest a fellow officer, a task that seems sort of ordinary for hollywood fare. altogether the great stereotypes get pulled, admit my personal front runner of the fundamental witness that makes bail and is murdered soon thereafter. kay ' s distraction from the film ' s primary nidus is her cause for re - election and attempts to screen her 15 year old daughter from the trueness astir the father she put on a pedestal. these sub plot of land could have have for semi - interesting points, just the film seems afraid to research political science or mother - daughter relations in deepness, and consequently suffers. random tenderness ' ii primary characters seem to live in shells. although both kay and dutch are given their own cuban sandwich plot, they appear to never deal with anyone former than themselves or each former. there be mass of opportunity, dutch having a partner and kay having close friends and her girl, simply the motion picture shies out from explore these relationships. veteran doer and director of this film sydney pollack, and critically spat up - and - comer dylan baker both have cameo use, simply follow careful not to blink to a fault much surgery you will overleap them both. other than its weak plot, it be hard to criticize random heart. notwithstanding, it is also concentrated to compliment information technology. have the cinema strike some diminished risks and more fully explored its extra characters and plot information technology crataegus oxycantha have tasted more same a well frosted bar, rather than the dry one that equates to comprise. 