x - universal soldier luc has to battle a mathematical group of newer - model engineered fighters gone risky. the critique jean - claude van damme has a one - liner former on in universal soldier: the return, his latest attempt to stay relevant, that sum up improving this entire movie; he says " comprise at that place, done that. " no pic critic could mayhap sum up van damme ' s recent flick choices any good. while former senesce action stars have wisely moved into other film genres (schwarzenegger makes as many folk funniness as he make out action films ), new wave damme mulishly persists in sticking with what used to work for him: martial arts and hitman. this unwillingness operating theatre perhaps inability to move into new genres ingest have vanguard damme to enter the straight to video universe, with legionary ne'er seeing the inside of a multiplex. he joins fellow warlike artist / action star steven seagal as they find out their picture careers chop chop fizzle away. universal soldier: the counter is truly poor. the plot is a complete copy of various activeness films from this decade, specifically terminator two: judgement day and the similarly named soldier. soldier ' s kurt russell was an older model super - soldier sent away to retirement when circumstances push him to battle his successors, for the good of a planet; schwarzenegger ' s terminator in t2 tried to relieve john connor from a newer model killing machine, the t - 1000; and jean - claude, a former universal soldier, has to save the planet from the rampage of a group of, you guessed it, novel model soldiers. considering the poor box place operation of soldier, information technology ' s amazing that this undertaking be ever given the work - forward. luc devereaux (van damme) was the sole remaining universal soldier (or unisol for light ), until helium was devolve to a normal, if sinewy, human form. in this sequel (technically the 4th pic in the serial, follow two straight - to - video duds that were ignored here plot - wise ), luc is now a human trainer / consultant of sort for the unisol program. working with dylan cotner (xander bishop berkeley, who interestingly also appeared in t2 ), the unisol computer programme have engineered a tougher, fiercer fighting forcefulness with the help of super - computer seth. unfortunately, upon hear that the course of study has been axed by the regime, seth takes control of his soldier, kill everyone in the building except for luc, his partner maggie, his daughter hillary and erin, a reporter trap inside. the residue of the film involves luc test to keep them all alive, while beating upwards a radical of near - indestructible soldier, most notably romeo (popular wrestler goldberg ). there are batch of fights, gun battles, lame plot development and a noticeable deficiency of plausibleness. at that place be so many clich? due south in this celluloid that it is almost painful to watch. luc gets saddled with the undertaking of saving erin the reporter ahead of time on, and in the path of a undivided night, they travel from bickering to falling for each other, to kissing. erin is a pathetically - written character; people are getting brutally gun down all around her, and yet, non only does this non look to frighten her, but she finds clip to remind luc that she " isn ' t leaving without her story ". any. other laughable moment include a) luc going to a strip club to get internet access (what?) and b) a group of rangers, who after having been given good advice (luc tells them that their weapons are useless, and shows them a particular gun which should work better ), choose to go into battle with their useless weapons at any rate (guess who wins the engagement? ). not peerless single scene in ecumenical soldier: the replication has any originality to it. when fire by don davis ' loud, driving euphony score, the moving picture show ' s many competitiveness go almost passable, but mostly are full of the like ol ' jean - claude moves. director mic rodgers (a quondam stunt co - ordinator) hold open the action fall at a speedy stride, with only a few souvenir serious moments to be found. his past work be discernible in the many moments when character are thrown through window, tossed sour of buildings or sent fly through with the air thanks to an explosion. if only jean - claude weren ' t get so old and boring compared to younger martial arts picture actors like jet propelled plane lithium, richard rodgers could plausibly have made a comme il faut action film. to set the blame squarely at vanguard damme ' s substructure, however, is an injustice. iodine ' m not sure that anyone, not yet robert deniro or edward norton, could make writers william malone and john lackland fasano ' s script sound good. unrivalled particularly painful picture is when erin asks luc how he is so sure that the aforementioned flight strip society volition have internet admission. atomic number 2 cringes, look down and muttering " uh. .. uhm. .. they all do, i saw it on lx minute. eh atomic number 2 he he " the script ' s and so the full movie ' atomic number 16 only saving free grace is goldberg. atomic number 2 chews up every scene he live in, obviously bask his theatrical role immensely. he even gives the film a few laugh, as atomic number 2 mutters thing like " i really don ' thyroxin like that guy " every meter he neglect to kill luc. sadly, his front is not enough to wrench universal soldier: the take into anything better than a below - medium action film that truly deserves to hold get together its fellow continuation by going consecutive - to - video. 