one am a steven seagal fan. atomic number 53 only say this now because " mufti splenetik " isn ' t my veridical name and because atomic number 53 probably need to explain why ane move into this film expecting great thing. any proud seagal fan deserving his beans leave tell you that the seagal formula be something you can depend on. seagal films can always be counted on for minimal dialogue, heaps of spendable baddies with extemely crunchable bones (which we ' ll always hear when seagal cause his limb - twisting matter ), rarely a female co - lead in sight (unless it ' s a real - life model - wife who hasn ' deoxythymidine monophosphate worked since weird science) and, usually the worst possible titles you can imagine. not to mention very straightforward plots, generally all - round bad negotiation and mr implacable leather - face himself in that same contraband outfit atomic number 2 ' s been in since nico doing his " my hands are penetrative, nimble knife " thing, seagal the stoic, sir petrified ponytail, duke of dull. in the glimmer homo, seagal breaks out of this formula: he gets a * chum *, attempts to jolly, and puts on a new undershirt. he ' sulfur also assign on quite a spate of weight. small tater, you may say, a man should constitute able to accessorize and banter if helium wants to, but damnit, if it ain ' t break, why fix information technology? ( more on this foiled someone ' s dashed expectation later ). as jack brassica oleracea acephala, seagal be a homicide detective with a confutative past tense. while he and his partner (played by keenen bone wayans) be look into a series of ritual killing, cole himself becomes a defendant, especially when a background check run by campbell reveals practically nothing on borecole. it turns proscribed that cole is a quondam trained government bravo (you just can ' t trust these homicide detectives ), someone whom victim used to catch merely a glance of in the jungle before he pounced on them, and hence, intimately, you know, that " glimmer man " matter. an increasingly shady homicide investigating in the present soon chair to the gradual uncovering of a larger, more threatening conspiracy that involves a corrupt businessman (bob gunton ), cole ' sulfur former central intelligence agency boss (brian cox) and deals involving chemical weapons. the intimation human beings plot exist pretty standard stuff, drawing (as with his other films) elements from the hotter plastic film of the year (eg, se7en ). information technology ' s the former changes that disappoint. for illustration, although there ' s a bonny amount of violence in this movie, in that location ' s also the disastrous pairing of seagal with keenen ivory wayans, believably the best known of the wayans tribe (how many are there, exactly?) from television ' second " in living colour. " wayans play whiney straightman to seagal ' s astragal - adorned and brocade - mantled cole, keeping improving his " are you crazy " part of the dialog with skeletal zest. as campbell, wayans confines himself to bemoaning his new pardner ' south gonzo habits, but the chemistry between the two is minimal, and seagal ' s wooden riposte make for painful observation. a cook in under seige ii, seagal embody now a buddhist who speaks formosan and fag prayer beads and intricate silk jackets over his normal black ensemble. he chants, reject to fight unless truly provoked and introduces campbell to powdered deer penis to cure his allergies. once more, a benign (if trite) plot twist except for the fact that these new persona traits require seagal to speak more than than common. heck, he has to deliver punchlines and carry a unfluctuating conversation with someone other than himself for a turgid part of the film. is that a bunch to ask of the seague? also much. seagal ' s best device characteristic used to be that helium bed his purpose in this already complicated earth of movie: to crunchily snap off bad guy appendages, and to cause information technology silently, and solo. not for seagal, the snappy nonpareil - liners of benedict arnold and stallone, nor the attempts to show that he posterior act, a good deal less think. no kindergarten fuzz, no oscar, simply simple, consummate deathblows. that ' s real how it moldiness have started: like - minded fans who knew what they want streamed in to watch the seague cause his thing, knowing that never in the seagal universe would they always have to see him do anything else. we trusted him. we got to know him. at once, betrayal. i preceptor ' liothyronine know if i tail end watch another seagal movie without that petty niggling doubt that he ' s going to try out to be shady again. i ' ll try, but information technology advance ' t comprise easy. if you haven ' t watched the glimmer man yet, you power want to wait for the video to descend out. it ' s easier to simply fast forward the dialogue parts and linger on the action successiveness. after all, if we can ' t depend on our illusion, what toilet we depend on? the flying inkpot valuation system: * wait for the tv2 broadcast. * * a fiddling creaky, but still better than staying at dwelling house with gotcha! * * * middling honest, fetch a friend. * * * * amazing, stiff stuff and nonsense. * * * * * idol. see information technology twice. mufti spelenetik is still a steven seagal rooter. everybody pass water mistakes in one case in awhile. 