when iodine watch a movie similar mike nichols ' what planet are you from? ace can ' t help but feel similar everyone is looking at me. it ' s as if wholly the audience is gazing at the back of my head in the darkness, eyes shooting daggers, softly blaming me for the fact that they paid knockout - earned money to spend their time follow this. .. this . . . matter. ane shift uncomfortably in my prat. single ' m cue of how ane feel when i come across a pair of second - or tertiary - rate celebrity mesh in a teleprompted " suspect " conversation to introduce the next blockbuster award. information technology ' s not my fault, atomic number 53 know it ' s not my fault, but dammit, someone ' s gotta follow embarrassed, because it doesn ' t look like anyone on the screen is quick to take the blame. i ' m astir to give you a lean of names of the great unwashed who be gonna make a pic together: garry shandling, annette bening, john goodman, greg kinnear, mike nichols. do any of these names have you in a flash shudder? the solution i would have come astir with before today is no, this is quite an a list of talented soul we ' ve got hither. granted, john goodman was in the flintstones, and greg kinnear has turned in some less - than - lustreless leading valet de chambre performances in certifiable failures like a smile like yours, but even and so, they ' ve got proved power as fantabulous supporting players. garry shandling has two tv classic under his belt, his cunning little it ' s garry shandling ' s appearance and the larry sanders show. and for divinity ' s rice beer, mike nichols directed the graduate, and annette bening is just walking away from american dish. thus explain this. .. this . . . matter. what satellite are you from? spirit to be a drollery explore the relationship between men and fair sex satirizing the whole papa - psychology mars / venus phenomenon. but what this movie winds up be is a solicitation of unfunny cringe - inducing moment coupled with uninsightful cringe - inducing moments; the end event is, unsurprisingly, an unfunny, uninsightful, cringe - inducing, thoroughly icky embarrassment. garry shandling plays an alien from a planet populated by technologically advanced only emotionally vacant males (they multiply through cloning, of course ). his leader set up a prime chemical group of males through a series of tests plan to determine which one is to the highest degree fit to fly away to earth, find a female of the species, and impregnate her. they ' re taught how to make that they ' re listening by nod and saying " uh - huh, " and how to compliment horseshoe. opine my delighted surprise when, buckeye state heavens, all their carefully practice tactics turn out to neglect miserably, grow comedic results! the lucky winner be go with a phallus (since theirs, after contemporaries of disuse have long since shrunk out of creation. .. i bequeath restrain myself from mentioning the implausibleness of such a scenario since the population has stopped germinate due to the fact that they ' re all just clon. .. whoops, too of late. ) the penis, when arouse, tend to make a humming disturbance. the author, when frequently flog for ideas, be given to move around to this as a informant of " comedy. " it isn ' t funny the inaugural time. it isn ' t funny the eighth time. information technology isn ' t funny the eighteenth time. if anything, it make me sense vaguely self - conscious. garry meets up with a coworker at a bank fiddle by greg kinnear, who sour tabu to constitute a generic, unlikable scumbag. he ' s meant to fill the part of unfortunate character modeling for shandling ' s alien character, but atomic number 2 ' s hence categorically drawn that even the writers quickly give up and toss him aside. kinnear ' s scumbagginess is shew by the fact that he claims other peoples ' piece of work as his own to wriggle his path into a vice presidents ' position and goes to aa meetings to foot upward bird. thigh slapper. what a magnificent sob. nearly every man in the movie, in fact, is played as the like sort of sex - driven slimeball. when kinnear ' s married woman walk into the office, there isn ' t a single guy world health organization doesn ' t trip, blow into a wall, surgery otherwise pratfall as if they ' d never see a cleaning lady before. the few guys that aren ' t particularly slimeballs, such as john goodman ' s detective fiber, be simply incommunicative workaholic. shandling meets up with annette bening, who volition inevitably prove to be the passion he ne'er live existed, at 1 of kinnear ' s aa confluence. shandling ' s mission be to deliver a baby, and when he reveals his desires to her, bening instantly fall for him, and the next day. .. they get married. yup. the future day. cuz ya see, it turns out she wants a infant too! bening ' s character peradventure make up the most unmanageable to watch, especially after seeing her come apart at the seams so efficaciously in american beauty. .. if her character here be guess to be act the female of the species as a whole, and then woe, i aver, to the coinage. she ' s unfathomably insecure, and succumbs so easily to all of shandling ' s seam and dwell that it borders on tragic. there ' s a point where, after suppose she may not be able to birth youngster, she learns that she is so significant. when garry come home after nearly cheating on her, she strolls into the kitchen and sings " high hopes " (you cognise, the uplifting ant and the synthetic rubber tree diagram plant song) to extradite the news, and and so says to him, " now you toilet ' t leave me. " we ' re supposed to sympathise with shandling ' s discovery of the impression of " guilt, " but instead i wanted to weep for bening that she was placing her entire lifespan and soulfulness firmly in the circuit of a great big nothing. and finally, shandling fall in love life with her. .. for actual, one suppose, though atomic number 53 ' m not certain exactly what prompted it. what ' s the message one derive from all this? man are liars, inherently vacuous creatures, but if you hang roughly long enough. .. well, peradventure something will get through. ha hour angle. .. hour angle? i ' 1000 thankful such blanket cynicism isn ' tetraiodothyronine frequently take into account to run thus rampant. let ' s all join hands and pray that the planet these folks be from be non this one. there ' s also a subplot involving john benny goodman as an airline incident investigator that wad in the peat bog of stupidity. goodman, through a series of astoundingly implausible realizations, arrange together the fact that shandling be a being from another world with a magic, vibrating phallus. information technology have all the makings for a subplot of having shandling be discovered, that, thankfully, never comes to the inevitable hackneyed realization. or else, it just dangles limply on the branch for a while, withers, and fall aside. further proof that goodman should scarcely adhere to doing coen brothers movies. but let ' s non harp on this any long, i ' ve already wasted batch of your fourth dimension and my own. let ' s move on, forget astir what we ' ve experience here, and get on with our lives. and to help us out, let ' s end thing on a glad note. .. congratuations pass ko'd to annette bening, winner of this hebdomad ' s " claim! " prize, for deliver the awkward line of duologue containing the film ' s name. 