* * * cost warn. .. the undermentioned critical review carry some harsh language * * * the blair witch task. quite possibly the least shivery film of all clip. if you require to understand real terror on the giving screen go backward and watch over any scene with jar jounce binks in the phantom menace, because this movie is not scary or even remotely creepy. my colleague and acquaintance chuck dowling wrote that if less embody more, then the tony blair witch filmmakers must have thought that aught is more. and this worked for him. considerably, i ' molarity sorry, but nil. .. be zero! !! !! nothing live not more. information technology ' s nothiiiiiinggggggggggg! !! !! !. iodin set not pay 5 dollars to see zip. " zero " is free, available all around the reality at a positioning close you. i am dead in amazement that some the great unwashed find this flick scary. i could just ignore them and say, " well, i guess they cost simply pansy chicken shits world health organization are probably pock of their own apparition. " but iodine have intelligent friend world health organization like this movie and hence that doesn ' t hold water. there moldiness live some other reason. ( then again, perchance my first persuasion be correct, 1 think i ' ll try pointing their shadow out to them unmatched twenty four hour period and test their chemical reaction. ) when 1 hear people praise this film, iodin never take heed them verbalise about what make upward about 97% of this moving picture: tierce kids pettifog with each other about being lost. they only sing about what might make up possibly 3 to quaternary minutes of screen time. this being a few really curt night scenes where the kids listen some unscary sounds and another where they shout " josh! ! " over and ended. this film should not personify called the blair witch project, it should to a greater extent accurately be called three dumb and pisspoor film producer pay back recede. .. and argue with each other. oh ladies and valet you will be and then scared when you get a line them shouting " josh! ! ". and if you think that be scary, hold back till you learn a pile of rocks, and then some tinkertoy lincoln logs, oh my costly lord you will be pissing in your trouser with fear. oh yeah, and some goo on unity of their rucksack. you ' ve never seen scourge alike this folks, and you assume ' t want to. the chevy salmon p. chase / goldie hawn comedy disgusting play is creepier than this cinema. ( for current films, one highly recommend the 6th sense or a flurry of echoes for a creepy filmgoing experience. ) this film is an instance of market with no substance. the marketing be splendid, and the unscathed body politic is in awe of just the premise for the motion picture show. they want this photographic film to be good. and i think they equal reaching and praising the ill timed moving picture show because they don ' t deliver anything else to praise. that wonderful celluloid that rejuvenates the repulsion music genre english hawthorn come along, but this is not it. this film could cause been so much better. just imagine, if maybe at that place induce been only 10 hour of arguing about being lost, and 80 minutes of nighttime clobber. atomic number 53 see this movie with a girl world health organization was extremely pumped for it. she be betray on this film. and and then, at one full stop during it, she turned to pine tree state and call for '. .. are we supposed to exist scare away by this? '. i ' ve hear unitary opinion that you " make to expend your mental imagery " to create the fear in this movie. well, i thought that was what the movie maker were supposed to do. use their imagination and create a good moving picture show. one entail anyone can expend their imagination and not pay 5 bucks for information technology. only even if you like this approximation, and so what are you imagining? an entity called the tony blair witch? some redneck fucking with these kids? are either of these things really scarey when you conceive about it? ?? ace ' ve get word several people say that this movie take a leak them recall how scary it buns be to be out in the sir henry joseph wood and hear something. well certain thats scary in real biography, but there are a lot of things that are chilling in real life that are not scarey in a motion picture nor still interesting. you could sit in your house and experience a snake or a wanderer and it could be scary, but in a movie information technology wouldn ' t be. and no, a motion picture show does not need a boastful budget or cgi special effects to be scarey operating theater creepy. in reality the less the better (see the equally atrocious remake of the haunting ). but you have to act something. you cant over just count on us all having nostalgic computer memory of how something like this could equal shuddery, if it live real. and by the style, astir the shakycam filming in blair witch. aren ' t these suppose to constitute " movie maker " who should know how to point a camera and shoot something without stimulate the camera invariably? iodine ' m non even talking astir the duo fit where they are terrify, that ' s justified. i ' m talking astir the other lxxxvii minutes of the movie where they can ' t appear to fritter anything smoothly at all. small quibble there. there equal a notion in me that the people that like this picture are suckers. that the filmmakers are but express mirth their asses sour all the way to the bank. and i suppose there be a good hazard they will see this film over again and say to themselves " what was one thinking? ? ". but, if they don ' t, then thats o.k.. if it wreak for them then that ' s okay i guess. 1 simply coronach that by making this moving picture a hit, we are going to be subjected to more than of the " nothing constitute more " approach. pretty before long we ' re going to become some movies like this: just a still shot of a prison house clink cellular phone. for xc minutes. and we ' ll have to practice our mental imagery and think to ourselves, " my god, wouldn ' metric ton it represent scary to spend aliveness in prison? !! this movie follow the scarey movie of all clock time! !! !! ". or, a shot of a coffin, with some funeral managing director arguing with each early. " man, do you do it how chilling it would exist to expire? ?? !! !! at present this personify the chilling picture show of all time! !! ! " [ gas constant ] 