this be the film that could exclusive - handedly bring " mystery science theater 3000 " ko'd of cancellation. it ' s one of those movies that ' s therefore bad information technology ' s absolutely hilarious, due in no minor theatrical role to its bad star, supermodel cindy joan crawford. if you only remember one thing astir fair game, information technology should be that information technology singlehandedly evidence crawford should stick to the sport illustrated swimsuit issues. if you thought kathy ireland live laughable in foreigner from 50. a. , you ' ll vary your mind when you see fair game. ireland would bring home the bacon handfuls of oscars if this was her sole competition. in a real casting coup d'etat, crawford plays a tops - levelheaded lawyer (in a jogging bra, of class ). we all know this is a stint, the only sound opinion crawford has ever put off personify that she favors the death penalisation for anyone world health organization get into white after labor movement day. nonetheless, someone out there thought she ' five hundred make a good lawyer, merely we ' re reminded of her true office in the movie when she exact two exhibitor in a period of twenty dollar bill minutes. and for you horny teenage boys out there, you really get to see her topless for deuce second base in the dark. .. come to think of information technology, that may have follow a torso duple. cindy crawford international relations and security network ' t black, is she? like i say, crawford be a attorney with a bunch of russians after her. billy baldwin (or is it stephen? alec? x? kim basinger?) embody the police force detective who have to save up her life, meter after time, chase after chase, explosion after detonation. there ' south dead nix original about this movie. it ' s every cop show of the 70 ' southward meld with every legal action thriller of the lxxx ' s and every technology - victimisation movie of the 90 ' s. triplet decades of crap all in one place, ram further into the ground by crawford ' s accomplished deficiency of acting gift. and information technology ' s all totally predictable. you know the mistakes baldwin and thomas crawford are going to make before they make them, you know when the " sexual tension " testament finally end up in them consummating the relationship, you know when the villains will get thomas crawford so baldwin has to rescue her in the climax and you know the movie ' s going to suck from the first scene. the game isn ' t rattling explain until the end. all we know is these russians birth every particular astir crawford in their computer. in the parole of one and only of the villains, " we even know what sizing pantyhose she wear off. " ( yeah, you and every fourteen - yr - sometime boy in america. ) he pass away on to bestow, " we know more astir her than she does. " ( _that_ iodine find very prosperous to consider. ) iodin hope you enjoyed those deuce sample dialogue quotes, because i wrote down plenty of other tough ace (" if it weren ' tetraiodothyronine for me, you ' d still be pulling banana out of your ass in cuba! " ) because, you see, fair secret plan represent not exclusively a vitrine for recycled action cliche and terrible acting, merely besides some seriously bad dialogue. information technology all adds up to a really frightful movie that made me laugh in lot of places i wasn ' t suppose to and grimace in places i was reckon to laugh. i more thing fair game hold against information technology is some awful mirthful relief. would you express mirth at a scene where crawford tortures a computer swot with double entendres like " iodine ' m very interested in _hard_ware " and other crap about play with his control stick? i wouldn ' t, only not because iodine ' m a computer grind. it ' s barely not mirthful. crawford ' s alone part to the data geezerhood are a few gif file float some with her head on a nude traci lords ' body. .. operating theater was information technology jack lord ' s body? i ' ll leave you with the final short letter of dialog in the motion picture show. the boat with altogether the russians has just swash up and baldwin and crawford are floating on a life raft. crawford says woodenly, " that was my customer ' s boat you simply blew up. atomic number 53 ' m filing a lawsuit against you. you ' ra in big hassle, " or something to that result, and baldwin replies smugly, " what do ace have to serve to vex out of it? " they of course of instruction begin making out and the credit roster. i ' chiliad not going to talk about how stupid the line is or how, if they ' d in truth wanted to go for a bad closing line of products they would have had baldwin enjoin, " you consider i could settle out of judicature? " but i will tell you that, if anyone ever suggest you look on fair biz with him or her, you quote the final line of the moving picture show to that person: " what do i have to do to get taboo of information technology? " serving u.s. for over 1 / 50th of a century! 