language i think i ' d ne'er write: the sequel to urban fable lacks the thanksgiving, wit, and power of the original. put the gun to my header, extract the initiation, and put me out of my misery. better yet, put the revulsion genre out of its wretchedness. when you ' ve finished watching urban legends: final cut, you ' ll share my same unappeasable pointedness of view thanks to the atrocious acting, terrible script, and ludicrous directing which hold go all too rough cut today. urban legends: final cut be a smorgasbord of stolen movie ideas (mainly from the blair witch labor and scream ): fabulous people with stark teeth and skin, 1 creepy film school, and a dog eating a freshly remove kidney from one of the movie ' s hapless victims. urban legends delivers a story about a bunch of pic students working on their dissertation film to win the sought after " hitchcock laurels " which guarantees the succeeder a theater director plenty in hollywood. one female person film maker (jennifer morrison, the freaky dead girl from ado of echo) writes a fabrication script base on a consecutive killer who kills his victims according to " urban legend " tale. suddenly, her full crew start getting relegate off with urban - legendary homicides, merely the soundbox constitute perpetually missing and she is oft the only witness to the killings. the killer wears a fencing masquerade party and a long black topcoat, face like a detested olympian out to avenge his defeat in sydney. wherefore this is scary is never explain. of course, the golden ruler of subsequence be that there mustiness be least one recurring character for persistence ' s sake. urban legends take one youngster, recurring character from the original who we ne'er deal astir anyway (the security guard, of all hoi polloi ). the early central problem be that this character has already experience the urban legend killing in one case ahead, but she ' s utterly clueless about what ' s going on around her. call it suspension of incredulity. this film is besides a prime model of how horror movie are today completely dead in the water. the last decent revulsion cinema was the blair wiccan project, and that seemed more same a snuff film than fiction. the stalking killer with crazy motivation suffer become a tired clich? , as everyone seems to have block: veridical horror equal not about what embody seen but about what personify unknown. 