_dirty_work_ accept a assumption of deliciously mean - spirited potential. mitch weaver (norm macdonald) and his womb to tomb best friend sam mckenna (artie dorothea lange) are losers in life: they were constantly picked on in shoal, and now they cannot hold even jobs. but as the prevue goes, " thither is peerless thing mitch weaver personify good at - - revenge. " so he and sam double up their unmated skill in getting - even scheme into a sellable retaliation - for - hire business called dirty study inc. this should be the groundwork for a marvellously disgustful black clowning, but for a film call _dirty_work_, what result be kinda clean of intent. in fact, what makes mitch and sam start up their business is not a giddy desire to give bullies a taste of their own medicine, but rather a to a greater extent sappy reason: sam ' s father (jack warden) needs a heart transplant, and in order for him to move at the top side of the recipient list, his obsessively betting doctor (chevy chase) require the guy for $ 50, 000 to pay off his bookmaker. hence for completely the scheming that travel on, beneath every underhanded plot of ground is - - gasp! - - a heart, which undercut the underlying nastiness of the premiss. not that in that respect isn ' t a lot of nastiness on display - - in that location make up, but of a different kind. there be frequent sexual references, most prominently in the form of bawd and sam ' s impotent father ' s ongoing lust for them. and for a moving picture rated pg - 13, director bob saget (yes, that bob saget, of _full_house_ and _america ' s_funniest_home_videos_ fame) and writers blunt sebastiano, fred wolf, and macdonald himself, stretch the boundaries of good gustatory perception rather far - - arguably a bit too much so (was not unitary, but two separate instances of anal sex between fauna really necessary? ). but the issue, of course, is non and then much of taste as it is humor - - as in, equal it rummy operating theatre non? the solution is a resonant no. information technology ' s not that macdonald isn ' t a peculiar guy. he was one of the to a greater extent systematically funny performers on _saturday_night_live_ before his much - talked - about firing, and his juiceless brand of smartass wit translates well to the big screen; it as well doesn ' t hurt that he ' s a born, likable screen presence. he is able to give some of his lines a squeamish acid touch, but, for the most parting, the oneliners, as write, are flat, and the unspecific slapstick gags just don ' t work (one running gag has him being literally toss away tabu of buildings - - a veridical riot ). stock still, macdonald ' s few polishing bit are just about the only moments the moving picture has. the late chris farley, equally hysterical as he of all time was, be amusing in a cameo role, only, as a whole, the support instrumentalist are amateurish and seemingly free from any directorial guidance. saget tries to juice up the proceedings with kitschy cameo by gary coleman, adam sandler, and john goodman, simply their minimum novelty value cannot prevent _dirty_work_ from sputtering to the end of its brief 81 - second running time. the film close up on a distressing note of desperation, an soft spool of outtake from which only those need in the output would derive any amusement. add up to think of it, i cannot guess anyone but those involved in the production to find much amusement in the entirety of _dirty_work_. 