wolfgang petersen ' s late, the perfect storm, is similar a ananas. it only taste good after arduous peeling and compass - if you try to run through the fruit, spike and all, it ' s break down to hurt? quite an a bit. o.k., maybe that was a confusing analogy, therefore hither ' s my primary complaint about the late man battles nature flick: there isn ' t genuinely much of a history to tell. basically, a massachusetts sportfishing work party die come out to sea on a lowly boat, called the andrea gail, and gets stuck in the midsection of " the storm of the 100. " how much time does information technology take for petersen to severalise this story? not near enough. and so he spends the majority of the film develop pointless side stories which all finally become superfluous. hearing want to see the storm, they want to see a scrap for selection merely what they get be a lot of cliched, maudlin drivel. the last quarter of the double dyed violent storm is utterly perfect in every view, but just attempt last the first three - living quarters. 1 have til now to read sebastian junger ' s the perfect storm, simply from what single have heard it is an unforgettable story. free base on a true news report, the good book must take in found some early means to introduce the characters because in the movie reading, the approach is weak. apply a wonderfully loyal score by william james horner, petersen almost hides the in - your - face banality. right away the central characters are introduced: the gritty, determined police captain (george clooney ), the ingenue (mark wahlberg) torn between his job and his girlfriend (diane lane ), the sleep together father (john ampere second. reilly ), the comic relief who ' s always trying to get laid (john hawkes ), the new guy (william fichtner) who immediately antagonizes a crewmate and the quiet, french guy rope (allen payne ). and so many problems strike the opening segment of the film that the stay portions directly ache. information technology be not the all - principal mold ' mho fault, just the character designed for their portrayal. allen payne ' s character ne'er speaks in the entire moving picture show, not because helium be mute, but because he ' s never given any short letter! are we supposed to take root for a guy whose brass and voice we are ne'er given a chance to interact with? fichtner ' s part be terribly developing - we don ' t roll in the hay what helium ' s act there, where he ' reciprocal ohm from, or who he ' s supposed to make up. the remain 4 fishermen are all cardboard stereotypes (hawkes says to a female unknown in one scene " you know what would look safe on you? pine tree state! " ooooh real creative ). as the script advance and the andrea gail plasterer's float farther come out of the closet into the waters, the crew continues to not feel human. only if when the tempest takes halfway stage manage the movie jump out of its sleepwalk. the figurer - generated images of gigantic waves crashing against a incapacitated sauceboat are thunderously tangible. i can only imagine if this be an imax celluloid, this city kid would for certain never go in the water supply again. this is loud, jolting entertainment - adjectives that whole belie the rest of the pic. the complete storm was unfortunately a letdown. the maelstrom lived upward to its potential just everything else fail to do and so. i speculation i ' ll control stick to that early selection spectacle? you know the 1 on cbs? 