gordie boggs (arquette, aptly cast as a half wit, as he is peerless) and his salutary protagonist sean dawkins (scott caan. the logos of james caan should not be reduced to garbage similar this!) be two losers from wyoming with no jobs and no girlfriends, who look up to world backing wrestling champion jimmy king (a awfully sick oliver platt ), as he be everything they are not. they at long last get to check him live and he is chicane out of his title by the evil, ruthless promoter titus sinclair (a wasted palitaliano, in a office originally meant for real - life wcw president eric bischoff, whose gens was written all ended the role! ). gordie and sean course down king in atlanta and discover that he is non really the english king the wcw author create for him, but a drunken, ignorant southerner world health organization is as irritated by these deuce lunkheads as bob newhart was by larry, darryl, and darryl. they sneak him back onto wcw tv, after which sinclair agrees to book him in a brand cage match in las lope de vega at wcw ' s future wage - per - view, against his rival, diamond dallas page. if he wins, king gets his deed and his career rearwards, plus one million dollar. wcw president eric bischoff, knowing his promotion exist despairing with bad writing and rating rocket down thanks to the far superior public wrestling federation, came up with the idea for this movie hoping it would save wcw. he was then fired and rehired deuce months ago, but by the time helium ' d left, they had already been contracted to do the flick, and bischoff could not play clive sinclair (which, in itself, is for the best, as anybody who has seen him on wcw programming do it that bischoff is no actor! ). the role of gordie and sean display you exactly what eric bischoff thinks of his fans. he thinks of them as young, mute pathetic idiots who testament consider anything that will be arrange out in front of them is genuine. that be why he doesn ' thyroxine take the fans into considerateness when he books a nitro or a earnings - per - prospect. 1 have news for you, eric: no wrestling fan in this day and long time is silent enough to believe that professional wrestling isn ' t for show, unless they are four years sure enough. this is 2000, you get it on, non 1985. bischoff will try to hide up criticism like that by order information technology is a comedy, simply one give birth no doubt in my mind that if this had been a dramatic, bumpy - style motion picture show (which it probably should have been. professional wrestling be ridiculed enough as it be, wherefore should the first grappling picture show in ten years be a clowning? ), gordie and sean would take been portrayed in the same light source. anybody who has seen the documentary wrestling with shadow, documenting wwf owner vince mcmahon ' s duple - interbreeding of bret lorenz milton hart, will probably realize via the recapitulation and prevue of ready to rumble, that it is basically a rip - off of that film ' s storyline with the poor man ' s wayne and garth thrown in for comedic affect. you can tell titus sinclair be supposed to poke fun at vince, but any self - prise wrestling fan knows that sinclair is more divine by bischoff than vince, and that vince perform what he had to come to bret hart. all of these look of the film, needless to say, seriously shock pine tree state as a wrestling fan. another matter unity found disturbing astir the film represent the latinian language between gordie and nitro fille sasha (the lovely rose mcgowan ). wouldn ' metric ton it have been easier to convey something newfangled into the human relationship rather than revealing she was only working on gordie at clive sinclair ' s insistance? i detest that cliche! the human race wrestling federation would own made a better motion picture show. they are the promotional material everyone cares about, they are win the ratings, they have proficient wrestlers, and they take their fans into consideration and preceptor ' t treat fans like moron. and then, vince, how about a movie? 