well arnold accept completed the seemingly impossible project. he induce made three successive unsatisfactory action films. in a domain of a function that helium own, information technology is really surprising that this goliath of an action star can non tell a good action script from a forged one. eraser, back in 1996, was a mazed film that made no attempt at all to score horse sense. batman and american robin, in 1997, was the ignominious sheep of the batman serial with absurd acting, ludicrous military action scenes, and painfully flashy costumes. now in 1999, " closing of days " (non " the close of day ") is the tertiary tap in a knotty at squash racquet for arnold. follow this the ending of a powerful action star ' s long - endure career? testament arnold always give united states of america another unforgettable performance in another unforgettable authoritative alike those in the past times (" eradicator ", " terminator deuce: judgement day ", " predator " )? surgery an unforgettable performance in a not bad shamefaced delight same those in the past (" ranger ", " red sonja ", " true lies " )? it doesn ' t look that way. " end of day " begins with the nascence of a baby girl in 1979 who inexorably, due to the formation of the stars on that dark, will equal the carrier of satan ' s baby the hour before modern class ' sulphur of 2000. fortunately for the movie ' s sake, the girl grow up and like a shot resides in manhattan with skyscraper, subway gearing in dark burrow, and a ten thousand of awkward nypd officers. it ' s an natural process motion picture ' s dream come true when the director is given ton of cool stuff and nonsense to blow up. imagine if the female child have lived in anytown, u.s., where the lone thing to destroy is a dairy farm fag and a post function. arnold schwarzenegger (jericho cane ), in a series of boring events find himself in the middle of a religious battle between the church building, who is try to hide the girl (or in some cases attempt to kill her ), and satan (gabriel byrne) who be trying to prepare her pregnant. if the satan is successful, the world will no longer exist as we know information technology. jericho feels it is his duty to protect the girl from everyone because 1) he once had faith but no thirster make out and 2) his wife and girl were killed and he feel responsible for it. jericho cane follow your cliched, by - the - numbers hero correct up to his name. arnold fittingly play the character as cliched as he buns. he shouts at everyone, from fuzz to priest, to the devil. in one truly screaming scene, which cost reckon to live the ultimate dramatic high pitched point, jericho screams to the devil; " you are a @ # $ ^% ! & consort boy! you are a choir male child! " those 2 line grade the high points of this film. a movie can yet be enjoyable when the stomach cast is to a greater extent effective than the principal actor. " end of twenty four hours " fails to hold any memorable performance with the exception of gabriel byrne. byrne, playing a isle of man who has equal made the manifestation of the prince of darkness, seems to be the only one world health organization is bear fun in this whole film. he marvellously play a manipulative villain with the power to check everyone at any clip. the annoying thing about his character, yet, is that he have the power to kill any human with a wide eyed biff in the brass, nevertheless he finds it impossible to seriously hurt jericho. ace can not count the number of times helium could ingest killed jericho and taken the girl from his detention. the other actors in the motion picture give way very weak and improbable performances. kevin pollak, who play the pardner and close friend of jericho, is the purportedly amusing character in the motion picture (every action movie has ace ). the unrivalled trouble is that pollak does not deliver one funny strain. turdus migratorius tunney wager the elect mother of satan ' s baby with extreme annoyance. she get no fellow feeling from any of the characters in the film, except matthew arnold who pretends she is his wife and girl, or any of the viewers in the interview. in one unnecessary view, gene tunney walks kayoed of her room and takes her top off. be this her job in the film? the role player are not to blame entirely because the playscript be terrible. you buttocks tell a script is dreadful when you are able to predict what will happen minutes before it get along. this little prediction plot is a really fun exception to try on to sit around through this nonsensicality of a movie. in a concluding attempt to realize this movie good, special burden are employ to try to entertain the audience. but without a memorable action view in the solid film, the director has not done his line of work successfully. this film would have get a coke + if arnold stood in front of a camera and shout " you constitute a! $ @ ^ @ * ^ consort boy! ! " for two time of day. 