often similar to a little boy lose in a park that he had no right venturing into, the shout of the hautbois (o toque do oboe) be a disappointing film that seem to make wandered astray. many element of the film are solid, and get potential far nifty than music director claudio macdowell leave e'er know, but they just don ' t convert into a solid work. although a setting is never established, information technology becomes unmistakable. the film direct piazza someplace in a latin american village in present day. the community is a dull i, where every clarence shepard day jr. comprise a declivitous slide from the last. over time, the people receive taken to themselves. the townsfolk cinema equal close, no tourist have passed through in year, and the daily funeral processions are accompanied by no one former than the serious digger. so what happens when a " tourer " (paolo betti) do arrive nonpareil day? he sends this routine and sluggish town into mayhem and shock. it is let on that he is a musician who play the oboe as a avocation. when he sits downwardly in the park unmatchable day to give a solo performance, the entire community of interests gathers around for their world class bit of amusement in countless years. information technology is from that that the musician meets some of the villagers, and hold to play at the local cinema in accompaniment to a soundless film, so opening the theatre for the 1st prison term in age. the woman that talks him into this witty task is the cinema proprietor (leticia vota) world health organization also happens to be engaged to the town ' s police inspector, a trope who soon becomes untrusting of his fiance ' s involvement with this musician. the eternal rest of the patch tight resembles a freak show gone horribly astray. information technology features a character world health organization literally arise from his grave, a woman who make a phone conversation with idol, and the aforementioned inspector who pass away from an intriguing and severe character, to an almost humourous drunk. technically, this moving picture show be a nightmare. the music score equal ill edited into the flick, so it is often choppy, fierce, and abrupt. the lighting is poor at best, which make it increasingly hard to focus on many scenery, and the english subtitles are full of misspelled words, and make up often absent presumably on the assumption that the audience will be able to understand some childlike portuguese and spanish phrases. this interlingual rendition defect is best highlighted at the beginning of the film when what seem to be a relevant fight is filled with dialog, but the subtitle are limited to few than 25 words. in improver, the pace of the celluloid seem uneven. information technology opens with a series of long bird's eye shots that alone stool test one ' s patience. the film and so moves into a faster pace, that again slow down towards the end, as the director seems determined to progress to the two minute mark. in that respect was, even so, potential for this photographic film. information technology live a bit explore the sweetheart of cinema and music, and the re - unification of people. these represent all topics that could easily sate a movie. perhaps, if there be no freak display, and the technical facet constitute to improve, there might just be a affair of smasher at the end. most significantly, though, the director would get to patch up the plot and reach information technology flow better thus that the ii hours aren ' t such a caliber. until then, in that respect appear to constitute little more bob hope for this piece, than that boy give by simply crying prohibited " mommy " while atomic number 2 wanders astray in a park. 