woof! to a fault bad that leap of faith be the claim of a 1992 comedy starring steve martin and debra winger, because that ' s what ' s required to watch this incredulous sidesplitter starring bruce willis as - - of all things - - a psychologist. not since the reagan administration bear there been an acting stretching of such order of magnitude! alas, mickey rourke, we just knew ye. story opens with a campy kick - - willis exist care for a patient role world health organization abruptly step knocked out of the window to take the best flying leap since charles durning columba in the hudsucker proxy. she goes splat, he goes ugh, and his character pass the eternal rest of the film colorblind. actually. the proficient doctor then move to sunny l. a. , where atomic number 2 rooms with an sometime college chum salmon (scott bakula ), a therapist who ' s getting death threats from someone in his monday flush mathematical group. buddy burn it in the second bobbin (no surprisal there) and willis agrees to take ended both the mathematical group and the decease threats. for his troubles as therapy man, willis gets to portion some cut - from - nc17 sexual love scenes with the devotee ' s jane march while dodging nail, cable car, and rattler. why ' five hundred information technology have to be snakes? color of night is the worst movie of the twelvemonth. catamenia. draw a blank north, clifford, or, heaven help us, still on deadly ground. here is a movie misfire then audaciously fearsome that you pot ' t help but wonder how the actors all keep straight face while shoot. for starters, the " group " cost a collection of mixed nut better suited to bobsled newhart than bruce willis. these be realistic depiction of the mentally unhealthy? roleplay a prissy obsessive / compulsive, cuckoos nest alumna brad dourif, only, may set the psychology professing backwards ten year. the plot ' s a wreck with preposterous dialogue, pointless pov duty period, and the nonpareil gravid mystery solvable in the first fifteen minutes. manager richard benjamin rush, who once helm freebee and the bean, doesn ' t seem to mind. unfazed by the nincompoop patch and cuckoo picture, he overfills the film with decent canny camera shot and zany set - pieces to earn the effort about worth watching. his nominal freeway chase is ok, only the director has more than fun with a woozy ending ala (most recently) fateful depth psychology. behave credit be across - the - board awful. willis can personify forgiven because he ' s shoot die hard 3 as we speak. but what about ruben blade insulting presence as the cop? or lesley ann robert penn warren ' s stereotypical sex addict? beaver state risky wrongdoer jane march as a whodunit - girl - who ' south - no - real - mystery? thrill. bottom line: how they all kept straight face, unity ' ll ne'er know. 