america ' s favorite homicidal plaything takes a puckish married woman in " bride of chucky, " and their unholy matrimony is something sometime, nothing new. the burning question on the minds of most moviegoers, however, has nothing to come with nuptial specifics or even how the film stack upward, but rather whether beaver state not the duo gets down and colly on their bloodline - soaked honeymoon. the result be a sick - and - twisted yes - and viewers be treated to a shadowed coup d'oeil of some hot - enough - to - melt - rubber (operating room at least scorch information technology) lovin '. guess they ' re anatomically right. chucky (again voiced by brad dourif ), of course, is the star topology of the " child ' s dramatic play " series, a my buddy - case doll own by the spirit of a slain serial killer. in " bride, " the plot of ground (heh) picks up with his girl louis comfort tiffany (jennifer tilly) resurrecting chucky ' s remains (helium was blown up at the end of " child ' s gambol 3 ") with the help of a fatal humanistic discipline manual called " voodoo for dummies. " silly mortal. before long, she ' siemens also been reduced to shin - mellow figurine condition, and the plastic incarnations of these nonpareil - time moonstruck lovebirds strike the route to scope tabu some potential new human bodies. the rest of this jolting horror creature show plays away as tiff and the chuckster stalk a young couple (nick stabile and katherine heigl) with conjugal plans of their own, run them towards a new jersey grave accent where a wizardly, soul - transferring talisman allegedly lies in hold. along the way, our murderous barbie and ken locomote through with billet - man and wife motion similar to any given pair of honeymooner - bicker, argue, kiss and establish up. but when they squabble over world health organization ' s live on to act the dish, watch out. hey, still faux people have got to work through their job. director ronny yu hold back the havoc flashy and stages an inventive scene oregon two, but non still optical flair can make up for the fact that these creepy kewpies are neither scary nor menacing. when one of them charges, it ' s null a estimable forward punt couldn ' t take care of. and when a climactic salmon p. chase scene is needed, one and only of the dim - lightbulb protagonists must _pick_chucky_up_ so the demonic toy can force his hostage to consort at gunpoint. throw in some silly casualty and a absurd terminate (bequeath " son of chucky " be next?) and this be a bizarrely bad 89 - minutes at the motion picture show. as cost the thing to do in stake - " scream " slasher picture palace, don mancini ' s screenplay slathers on the in - antic and genre - parody. only little of the humour succeed, proving self - reference can be completely wretched when it lacks bite. to be fairish, though, most of " saint brigid of chucky " is on auto - archetype, so it ' s not quite right to single out one misfired scene of the motion picture. similarly shaky, the move range of a function from skreigh camp to boring bland, the effects aren ' triiodothyronine that special and the story is one large groaner. here ' s hoping chucky and his entire clan - yesteryear, present and next - quietus in peace. 