i induce never been a " star trek " fan, and, to say the verity, prohibited of the five films in the series that i have meet (1, 2, 3, eighter, nine ), i get disliked all of them. i do, yet, always go into one of these with an open mind, and the 9th moving picture in the series, " adept trek: insurrection, " be no exception. dropping nearly whole the hard - core sci - fi element of the former one in the series, " first contact, " " insurrection, " tells the account of a major planet that holds only 600 people, known as the ab ' ku, as good as the jet of youth. at the start of the word painting, the villagers go under attack by a second extraterrestrial species, known as the son ' a, who desire to push all of the ba ' ku out then that their ain backwash will not die extinct. likewise attacking the ab ' ku is data (brent spiner ), a robot from the star trek go ahead. after returning to jean - luc picard (patrick james maitland stewart) and the gang on their space ship, no one can empathise why data embody someway contract ended by another force. so respective of the headliner trek members travel gloomy to the planet of the ba ' ku, where picard meets up and starts to pass in love with one of the inhabitants, a sultry, form alien woman (donna murphy ), who is ended six - hundred - years - onetime, but looks to only be in her thirties. " star trek: insurrection, " comprise a totally unoriginal and cheap - look installation in the series, and is a boastful step downwards from, 1996 ' s " first physical contact, " which at least appeared to try to make something a bit different. in, " insurrection, " yet, it dally like a broken - split episode of the tv set display, due to the minor - scale, generic plot line, and an emphasis on unmatched - liners rather than excitement. the film be fill with nearly non - stop clowning, and spoiled yet, most of information technology fell flatter than a animated cartoon character that drops turned a drop off. meanwhile, when there were activeness sequences, they were not at all interesting or imaginative, relying on that previous reliable ticking timekeeper that count down rattling, very tardily. this plot of land twist, which is seen in just about every military action film made nowadays, is produce old fasting. be filmmakers so bankrupt of ingeniousness and ideas that they must always have a timekeeper tick away during the flood tide? another element of, " star trek, " films in general is that picard seems to always have to give birth a love interest group, but and so she invariably miraculously disappears when the side by side film is made two or three age later. although donna murphy, who falls victim to this thankless have it away interest role here, be really unrivalled of the few part that we get to know in the 103 - minute run time, alfre woodard was far superior in, " first contact. " she should get return for this one, simply i don ' t blame her for not wanting to blow her time with this movie ' s disappointing and often exanimate screenplay, by michael piller. " lead trek: insurrection, " be mayhap the weakest film in the " virtuoso trek, " serial, although i have non seen what be widely considered the worst, " star trek atomic number 23: the final frontier. " " insurrection, " is the character of " safe " subsequence that bequeath bewilder non - fans, since it is thusly low - tech compared to most of today ' s blockbuster action films (although most of these are honestly not very unspoiled, either ), and should disappoint the loyal trekkies, since it could have easily constitute better if the makers take realized that the screenplay needed to go through a few more drafts. on second thought, they believably should have totally thrown the handwriting out. that way, they could bear come up with a story that at least had a signal of news and freshness. 