information technology ' s a shame the murder of this concept falls rattling little of it premise. the movie is lacking and most dissatisfactory. osmosis jones live earthy, gross, disgusting, and live directed by the farrelly brothers - the twisted sibling behind there ' south something about mary, pine tree state, myself and irene and a twain of other movies in which the humor is largely targeted below the belt. not that there ' sulphur anything faulty with scatology. unity bet even cavemen appreciated can humor - such as it was. it ' s just that with osmosis bobby jones, the farrellys humor is too juvenile, too predictable. you tin almost foresee the puns just now by viewing the contribution of the inner anatomy a sequence is pull back. osmosis jones looks like i of those old health stratum movies exit psycho. the trouble is, the animation may delight the very young, but the joke may equal ended their heads, while the teen - long time audience may find it besides tamed for their predilection. adult? substantially, let ' s just say most will discover it unappetizing. osmosis mary harris jones plays like a 100 - instant informercial for the eat healthy foods lobby. the resilient natural process sequences revolve around frank (poster george gilbert aime murphy ), world health organization seems to be the grungiest human being in the world. helium continually looks as if he needs a shave and a exhibitioner. frank, much to the consternation of his daughter, is a fast - food junkie, rust anything - and everything - that bathroom kill you. helium solve at a zoo where the beast attend cleaner - and presumably smell well - than atomic number 2 does. dog ' s eubstance is infest by thrax, a lethal virus, after frank eats a hard - boiled orchis that had fall to the ground. it ' s non gross enough that weenie picks the egg up from the dirt and flump it into his lip. nope, the farrellys pile it on by inaugural get frank wriggle a chimp for the eggs, wresting information technology from the primate ' reciprocal ohm sass. comparable i aver, the gross metre tips the weighing machine on this one. after ingesting the egg, the movie start it alive sequences. here, osmosis jones (voiced by chris rock ), a recreant white blood cell is teamed with drix (sound by frasier ' atomic number 16 david hyde franklin pierce ), a 12 - hour, anodyne cold abridgement to battle thrax (smoothly voice by laurence fishburne ). essentially, what we feature be a cliched cop - buddy movie, rife with whole the clich? s of that genre. and this be why osmosis jones doesn ' t click. information technology simply falls back on tired, familiar convention instead of creating newfangled and exciting situations. the laugh and puns constitute feeble: osmosis searches out a snitch, a former influenza virus. after pumping him for data, drix william tell osmosis, " funny, he doesn ' t looking at fluish. " and the jokes assume ' t rise above that level. the springy legal action scenes are no better. frank be such a slovenly person, thus unlikable that information technology live difficult to sound how he ever married or even sired a child. atomic number 2 ' s almost a bigger toon than the animated reference. osmosis robert tyre jones is a picture that may constitute too violent for young child as thrax burns and dissolve blood cells right and left. the brio represent rather two - dimensional and plane. it lacks scope and profundity. it is an unappealing movie that leave leave you scratching your header, and maybe leaning toward a shower after you take the air forbidden of the theatre. 