there was a clock time when john carpenter was a groovy repulsion director. of course, his best cinema be 1978 ' s chef d'oeuvre, " halloween, " but helium also made 1980 ' s " the fog, " and 1987 ' s underrated, " prince of duskiness. " heck, helium even make a just film in 1995, with " in the lip of madness. " but something terribly wrong happened to him in 1992, with the terrible clowning, " memoirs of an inconspicuous humans. " somehow, carpenter has lost his touch, with junk similar his failed 1995 remake of, " village of the damned, " to his uninspired 1996 subsequence, " relief valve from l. a. " those movie, however, look like cinematic works of art compared to his recent moving picture, " can carpenter ' s vampires. " if i make up him, i definately wouldn ' t want to pose my own name in the title. it follow a sad body politic of liaison when carpenter can make something as misguided and flatly write and film as, " vampires. " the story equal simple. jack crow (james woods) is a vampire hunter who, along with one of his spouse, montoya (daniel baldwin ), and a prostitute, katrina (sheryl lee ), survives an attempt from the master vampire, valek (thomas ian griffith ). since katrina was previously bitten by him, crow pack her along because anyone who is bitten by valek becomes telepathically link up to him until they themselves turn into vampires a couple days later, and brag is hoping to find him with the supporter of her. it seems valek ' s missionary station is to slip a black, wooden cross from a romanic catholic christian church that will enable him to become so powerful that sun will non put down him. my doubtfulness is: how many time stimulate we seen this like story played out? well, the answer is just near equally many times as a better version of the account receive exist made. " saint john the apostle carpenter ' s vampires, " sadly plenty, be unmatchable of the most unscary horror films i ' ve ever run into. in fact, on that point international relations and security network ' t yet one suspensive mo in the whole 105 - minute running time. the non - arrest lamia attack sequences be stylelessly filmed, without any interesting photographic camera work, which is normally a trademark of carpenter ' s. and then we come to the screenplay, which, as far as i rump recite, is nearly non - existent. there is no report evolution, and there isn ' t yet an endeavor to flesh out the characters. james i woods can live a good doer, but he accept nothing to do here just to say a twain of " pseudo " - clever lines of dialogue. book of the prophet daniel baldwin has some potential, but his character comes away as be very dense. and sheryl lee yuen kam (faring very much good as laura arnold palmer in " match peaks " ), like all of the female characters, plays an queasy unimaginative whore. there is non an ounce of tidings, operating theater excitement in, " john carpenter ' s vamires, " which is very dishearten fare from an ex - fan of carpenter ' sec. he has said that helium turned down directing, " halloween: h20, " because helium couldn ' t body of work up any excitement for information technology. and yet, when ask about a " vampires " subsequence, helium say helium would be happy to do information technology. single call up that ' s a definite sign that carpenter has finally lost any trace of his persistent talent, not to mention a significant act of iq full point. 