i have ne'er been thus confused after watching a film. " sports meeting joe black " is in all likelihood one of the most visually gratify movie of this class, with a cinematography, music and roll that will dazzle most of us. at the like clock time information technology is probably the near irksome and ridiculous experience chapeau you will have this season. at beginning you wonder at the elegant direction, graceful cinematography and animal musical sexual conquest. then you ' ll wait for something to go on for one half an hour, but when you ultimately realise what ' s going on, you ' ll wonder what are actors such as susan brownell anthony hopkins, brad pitt and claire forlani are execute in a film like this? the hand is simply a silly and dissonant story, which is artificially stretch into a three hour long motion depiction. information technology feels like an eternity. most of the fourth dimension information technology is a pompous georgia home boy opera, filled with empty dialogue that the role player deliver in a mellow pitched voice and " meaningful " jiffy. the moving picture show is base on alberto caesella ' s play " death take a holiday ". the story focus around flier (anthony hopkins) who lives a fulfilled life story as a successful business organisation man, but sometimes he wakes astir in the middle of the night and hears a voice that is say " yes ". soon he meets a young elegant gentleman (brad pitt) who introduce himself as " demise ". it is federal reserve note ' s time. but death have other plans. it has come down to us uncomplicated someone to discover out what it means to be awake. our bill is prefer to live death ' s usher and in exchange he find meter. placard introduces death as joe disgraceful, who immediately becomes the center of everyone ' s attention. bill ' s patronage partners hypothesise about why joe be always at flier ' s side, experience in his house and resides at his office. that be not all, nevertheless. bill ' s youngest daughter susan (claire forlani) falls in love with the mystic stranger and joe declension in love with her. this relationship is border to have some severe issue. information technology wouldn ' t be fair to say that this moving picture didn ' liothyronine have some interesting moments, such as the panorama where joe is invited to join banknote ' s family for dinner. when joe starts enjoying goober pea butter and later falls in dear, the experience comprise somewhat different. information technology is obvious that a story like this story live real difficult to body structure. it ' s unity matter to say: " wouldn ' t it be fun to have death take human form and come downwards to solid ground. . " to make a motion picture out of this is another. four film writer have act on a script that lacks drive and logic. it is overlong and also primitive to pass as a dangerous film. on the other hand it demo incredible performances and a very decent counselling by st. martin brest (" scent of a cleaning woman " ). sir anthony philip hopkins looks great in any role, and no thing how shallow or dig it is, he will complete it. his natural endowment and charisma are needed hither more than any where else, since it actually save up the moving picture show from a complete embarrassment. but pitt constitute the ace that draw unitary of the virtually difficult roles of recent time. how can you play death in human form? to me it seems that death and life are not something that hind end be associated with earthly matters. they represent not creatures, but phenomenas. say that death takes human mannikin would be the same as to suggest that timeless existence would take human form. treat such a cockeyed task embody unbelievably difficult and pitt deserves some credit for his work. speaking in a calm, soft voice, portray decease as a lonely, distant and powerful bozo that is unfamiliar with pragmatic earthly matter. he look and acts to a greater extent same an angel of last, rather than a demon beaver state a red - eyed executioner. claire forlani and others be also fine, stretching their stereotypical role to their point of accumulation. unfortunately their performances are not plenty to deliver this celluloid from its self inflicted misery. in other book this be not what i await from the director of " scent of a charwoman ". it could (and should) be good with such cast and crew. in the goal it seem as if they have all been intensively working on a ravishingly reckon soap opera house. 