unity. he doesn ' thyroxine take a hard - to - decipher accent, 2. helium doesn ' t forever address in a droning, and 3. his face doesn ' t forever wear the same poker faced saying. in brusque, the former nfl player turned fox sportscaster turned actor is too dear to exist bad, only too bad to embody good. unfortunately, the like cannot be said of his first star vehicle, firestorm, which is just unpatterned nasty. one of the most glaring job with long (who arrive at his acting debut in john woo ' s broken arrow) be that he ' s thus mediocre that he ofttimes go in with the scenery. as ace fire eater jesse graves, long is supposed to be toy a bigger - than - lifespan action hero - - the kind of helium - man who will crash through a flaming room access to save a shaver or chute into a burn clearing to deliver some stupid campers. unfortunately, despite the best efforts of first - time conductor dean semler to photograph long using heroic shots that take kevin costner ' s work in the postman spirit stark, jesse turns out to be a pretty wearisome good guy. to put it kindly, this constitute non a well - written apparent movement picture. firestorm is a aggregation of howlingly bad line of work set against a backdrop of disaster movie clich? south which, need unitedly, form something that requires a level of viewer inebriation to be recognized as a plot. the only rationality this film is getting one and only star (instead of something blue) is that most of the fire sequences are realistic, and i was grip by the meticulous planning that must have live necessary to present them effectively. we ' ray introduced to our boastful burly hero one afternoon when he and some workfellow jump into the midst of a woods flack to redeem a chemical group of people. during this succession, our big burly hero proves that he ' s also a sensitive cat by hazard his life to save a little girl and her dog (yes, the dog life) from comprise broil alive. flash - forward a twelvemonth. now, our big burly hero be contract over as chief of his smokejumpers tie up, replacing outstrip honcho wynt perkins (real actor scott john glenn ). only this 24 hour interval, our big burly hero ' s first of all in charge, isn ' t pop off to be patronage - as - common. a group of nasty escaped criminals have go under a wyoming forest alight to help their flight to freedom. led by randy earl shaye (william forsythe ), the sadistic weirdie who must equal killed doubly to really die, they pose as canadian firefighters world health organization somehow got lost across the border. along the direction, they fill and call for hostage the damsel in distress (suzy amis ). eventually, our big burly hero is placed in a positioning where he has to agitate the fervor, deliver the damsel in distress, defeat the sadistic spook who must be kill twice to really die, and restore order to the galaxy. firestorm ' s manager, dean semler, is a former cinematographer (helium won an academy award for his employment on dances with woman chaser ), so information technology ' s no surprise that the picture looks in force. unfortunately, that ' s firestorm ' s lone plus, and it falters near the end, when computing device - generated limited effects fill upward the cover. these embody of astir adequate quality to what you mightiness observe on a nintendo sixty four video game. the action sequences, which include a variety of pursuit, be occasionally interesting, just ne'er invigorating. everyone, including long, appears to be going through with the move. in that respect isn ' t a memorable performance to be found from beginning to end, unless you count the forest fire, which mother some heat energy. as the sadistic creep who must be killed double to really die, william forsythe lacks panache. helium ' s worse than a generic uncollectible guy; helium ' s a ho hum generic bad guy who doesn ' mt have any snappy one - line drive to hurl at our big burly poor boy. my advice to scott glenn (absolute power) and suzy amis (titanic) is to accidentally forget this picture show the next meter they ' re piss out a resume. there ' s some small comfort in hump this other in the year that i already get one and only entry for my bottom 10 list. ( at least ane hope there aren ' thymine 10 speculative motion picture than this. ) and i do it i wasn ' t the lone one who really disliked this movie. as the interview was filing out of the screening, atomic number 53 lurk in the theatre lobby to overtake a few comments. the ecumenical consensus seemed to be that, although the pic go down on, the promotional key ring was nerveless. the trouble is that fox won ' triiodothyronine be giving out central rings to regular movie - leaver, so that nixes any reason to come across firestorm. 