while i personify not fond of any writer ' s function of cheap, easy puns, i be not altogether above using them myself when the situation merit it (witness my review of _pecker_ from a couple of issues ago ). hence here goes: the juvenile, college - place grim comedy _dead_man_on_campus_ is dead on arrival. strait - braid med student josh (tom everett scott, who manages to stay slightly likable throughout) ' s blemish - free academic record breaks out into f, thanks to the influence of his ever - partying roommate, cooper (cross off - paul gosselaar ), who introduces josh to the sex - and booze - filled nights that come with university life. with the menace of losing an academic encyclopedism (josh) and a living clean toilets for his daddy looming (cooper ), what be 2 beneficial - hearted slackers to do? easy - - look for a loophole, which they find in the form of an unbelievable rule in the school charter that states that if a student ' sulphur (or students ') roommate commits suicide, the live on student (s) shall receive straight as. so instead of analyze, josh and cooper effort to seek out the most downcast student out thither, move him into their dorm way, and drive him to suicide before the semester ends. music director alan cohn and film writer michael traeger and mike blanched (working from a story by anthony abrams and adam larson broder) pack their sweet time to build the head of steam that come with josh and cooper ' s diabolical plot. until then, the usual boring cliches of college life (liquor, sex, more than booze) fill the time, which comprise make to finger longer by _saved_by_the_bell_ alumnus gosselaar ' s sitcom - bred mugging. that say, once cohn and companionship answer build some comic momentum, they screw up it. the institution of the manic, psychotic cliff (lochlyn munro ), a potential roommate for josh and cooper, brings some crazy life to the uninspired transactions before be hastily written out in favour of two less interesting candidates: paranoiac nerd buckley (randy pearlstein) and british death rocker matt (corey page ). one wishes that drop off would reappear, but, as they say, follow careful what you wish for. not amazingly, he do resurface, and information technology then becomes clear that this is a character that is best accept in a modest dose; almost immediately, his extended boorish and sociopathic antics lose its novelty. the same behind represent said about all of _dead_man_on_campus_. whatsoever morbid invoke the far - fetched premise have quickly evaporates, and the self - intent theatrical role, specially cooper, pretty much grate from the get - fling. _dead_man_ doesn ' t originate tiresome; information technology already _is_ once the clever opening titles are through with. as it slogs on to a cheesy, happy - for - all - parties finish, _dead_man_ lives up to its title and then some - - non but does the movie produce yet more threadbare and die, information technology still insists on going on. .. like a zombi. 