if only austin powers: the spy world health organization shag maine had be just one half as original, zany, silly and altogether enjoyable as its predecessor, it would have easily been one of this summer ' s biggest pleasure. if only. in fact, the spy who shagged me be the exact opposite of the original; instead of review the consultation with one clever parody after another, the film producer barrage u.s. with used - up, tired jokes taken directly from the first one. need the shot where austin powers (again played by mike myers, but with alone a fraction of the lightheaded exuberance atomic number 2 displayed antecedently) present a henchmen on the side of a cliff. after be pushed off the ravine, the bad guy cable is of course assumed stagnant. but suddenly, we hear a imploring voice coming from downwards below; atomic number 2 ' s only injured. a similar tantrum played very well in the original international man of enigma, but hither i was insulted by it. do the filmmakers very believe the audience would laugh at a rent - forth? apparently i overestimated the intelligence of the average movie - goer, consider that the film has force in over $ cc million in domestic theatrical gross alone. do i hear the sound of a dealership heading our way? having enounce that, though, 1 still cannot deny the flick its merits. the canonic plot of ground was delightfully silly enough to sustain my interest somewhat; dr. evil (mike myers, in the second of his ternary roles ), having fabricate a time machine, goes back to the year 1969 in an attempt to kidnap austin power ' s " mojo " (don ' t you scarcely hump that word? ) whilst helium is cryogenically frozen. when austin gets steer of this (after a great intro explaining the absence seizure of elizabeth hurley ' s vanessa kensington ), he as well travels rearward in time to re - call his intimate crusade, accompanied by the hot - to - pony felicity shagwell, flirt by heather graham. this sound stupid, i know, merely in the movie it start to make some sort of wyrd, off - the - wall sense, and it work for maine. then there ' due south miniskirt - me (verne troyer ), a. .. flyspeck clon of myer ' s dr. wickedness, exactly 1 / 8 in size. troyer ' s persona alone gain the film an extra one half - mavin, contribute to one particularly hilarious aspect where he attempts to nibble on his ain mini - mr. bigglesworth. only seek to push aside the fact that, at ii ' 8 ' ', he would make dr. wickedness ' s height rise to just over xxi foot. no topic. however, there are only about four hearty laughs throughout the entire hour and a one half (the near notable being the now infamous tent scene ), and that just isn ' t plenty to guarantee even a pocket size recommendation. if on that point embody in fact an " austin powers trio ", they should just bolt down off secret agent powers and put the emphasis on dr. wickedness and mini - pine tree state. unconventional, yes, only there ' s no denying that it ' d shuffling for a better motion picture show. 