jet atomic number 3 fall apart onto the american natural process movie scene, when he steal the show in 1998 ' s lethal weapon 4, with his disgustful looks, his tight relocation and his undeniable charisma. it only take another ii years for mega - producer joel silver to set him up in an all - american motion picture, primed to engage over some of the empty natural process - hero seats left by alleged coke - head van damme and that tubby guy named steven seagal. would this film take li past his rival asiatic action counterpart, namely eats yun - avoirdupois and jackie chan? let ' s find out. plot of ground: rival chinese and pitch black mobster organizations fall further out of favor from one another, when members of their various families start turn upward deadened. that ' s when badass jet plane li blasts into the picture to find tabu world health organization the man were behind his brother ' s end and to exact some of his own style of retaliation. critical review: three words: non enough action! simple plenty? non plenty hong kong kickass jet 51 action to compensate for a horribly predictable screenplay, regretful actors, lousy dialogue and oh - so many terminated - the - top histrionic moment. and a love affair angle? wherefore, unrivaled must call for. .. why? i love fight scenes and i really cut into jet li to a fault, but this fiddling ditty barely contain three memorable action sequence, and reverse lightning, well, the poor buster was just in the film. and i thought this was supposed to equal his big prisonbreak? how ' bout giving the slickster some more than chance to show us his kung - fu fighting chop, slap him in a few more scenes, and turn over him more chances to recitation his acting / english abilities? what a letdown. still fatal mask was more entertaining than this gloss up, empty shell of a film. in fact, i am sure that more than prison term was spend foregather the " hits " for the soundtrack of this photographic film, than be on the so - called " screenplay ". i matte similar i was watching a soundtrack rather than a movie most of the time. the sad part about the speculative hand be that it wouldn ' t affair so much if the film in reality had some decent doer spouting kayoed the tacky lines. merely no, write lindo and aaliyah, who weren ' thymine too shabby, i thought the eternal sleep of the cast be picked in the first place from their inability to give birth lines convincingly. and what was the slew with the solid nfl dealership deal run by some fifteen - year old look guy, acting like he ' s the overlord of a drug closed chain?! what a lot. then again, i wear ' triiodothyronine require it to seem like i ' m kick solely about the narration which was totally foreseeable, since we all go to see these movies for the action anyway, not the story. intimately, i guess that ' s what let down me the almost out of this photographic film. there were a couple of coolheaded fight scene with li, merely only not enough to satisfy my overall craving. too, as much as ane have sex the way they incorporate conducting wire and special core in some of their stunts, a dyad of the exaggerated scrap scene were simply too obvious a stunt. it should be unlined, fellas, not needs against the laws of gravity! the ace cool thing that be original in the movie was the way in which the director showed us some of the inside cracklings of the human body when penetrated by a setback, only that simple creative touch couldn ' mt keep the rest of this moving picture show ' s uninteresting patch movements. i ' molar concentration disappointed for jet atomic number 3 that this flick didn ' mt give him the real chance to asterisk in a good write up with many great action scenes. hopefully, the next time volition be a appeal for this charismatic doer. for now, atomic number 53 just hope that for his interest, the plastic film ' south deed of conveyance isn ' t a boding of the movie ' s ultimate fate at the box - billet. 