" hold you ever see the i about a movie so bad that it make a guy wire run out of the theater screaming? " manifestly the producer at columbia tristar did not think that we suffered plenty from the first instalment, and so to finish us utterly, they have immediately released " urban legends: last slash ". this be another " scream " - like feature of speech, consisting merely from the recycled materials of rip - offs from the most senseless movie of all clock time. amy (jennifer morrison) be a film student world health organization be advert a film school filled with uninspired film student who perform not make a clue about what to set. only only as she reaches the halfway mark of her final semester at prestigious university ' s film program - - where each year ' s good thesis production takes the coveted hitchcock prize, a practical one - way ticket to hollywood succeeder - - she has a chance encounter with campus security guard reese (loretta devine ), whose tale of a series of murders based on urban legends at another university inspires amy to try her hand at a fictional thriller organized along similar argumentation. soon enough, cook - - and real - - blood starts to flow, and amy is be chase around by scary killer, while her cast and crew get slain, one by one. cost the culprit the original urban legend manslayer, just some random psycho,! a member of the faculty, 1 of her competitors for the sir alfred hitchcock, or is in that respect something yet more stupid going on? this be another unity of those tire, pointless teen slasher flicks: neither scary, funny, beaver state interesting. information technology merely lacks the power and the story to entertain. the trunk counts and screams continue to farm, as the frail level of intelligence cesspit rapidly. in fact watching cinema like that after get watched " scary movie " is out of the question keeping a grave fount. respective times i tried to preclude myself from laughing, without succeeding. and then i pull in that practically the whole theatre was express joy. it ' s the same thing that have been narrate and told and tell apart over and over over again as if it was the revelation of the hundred. how many time must we digest the same clich? s that have frequent the slasher musical genre since its birth? information technology has been and then many films about masked killers that most of u let developed an allergy for them. they comprise the most unintelligent, meaningless, predictable and soulless films in cosmos. however, director can ottman manages to make " urban legends: last excision " into i of the worst achievements of this godforsaken genre. what be done with a sense of redemption for retiring failures and caustic remark in " scream ", ottman hire seriously. for that reason solo, information technology is worth a looking, just to realize how spoiled a movie bathroom be. it ' s tough to discover comparisons for such an accomplishment, and we consume to dig in ancient history to find a picture that would match its intellect. even movies like " lose in space " and " mission to defect " appear dramatic in its dark. we have not seen such waste material of t! ime and resources since " showgirl " (1995 ). no matter how hard one tried to notice cocksure element in this so called output, 1 come up with nothing, except the way the cause of death follow dressed. hither 1 feel that ace have to congratulate the costume designers trysha bakker and marie - sylvie deveu, that make wisely supercede the well known scream - mask with a rattling refined fencing mask. jennifer toni morrison (" stir of echoes ") is all correct, and the other actors ' best achievement is keeping a unbowed face when pronouncing the holy writ from the book. in fact the only matter that be terrifying about this film (with the exception of it screenplay) is its portray of picture schools. if these graduate volition embody the directors of the future, then hollywood ' s golden days are concluded. rumors are already spreading through the net that columbia university tristar is already develop a 3rd instalment. net ball ' s scarce hope and pray that it ' s just an urban fable. 