look on your degree of cinematic acumen, last valet standing is either a) a prohibition - earned run average remake of akira kurosawa ' s 1961 classic yojimbo; b) a prohibition - era remaking of sergio leone ' s 1964 classic a fistful of dollars; c) a prohibition - era action play with a completely original story - line. unexampled line is certainly counting on the fact that there be far more potential viewers in category (c) than in the other two combine, much as the recent remakes of diabolique and the vanishing count on avoiding such comparisons. the fact be that at that place follow notwithstanding another way of looking at last human standing, which is as the first film version of the news report which nods to the _real_ source material, the dashiell hammett novel _red harvest_. it also shows that kurosawa and leone knew better what to cause with that material than hammett himself. this time more or less, the man with no public figure is played by bruce thomas willis, a fellow with a shady history of an undefined nature world health organization rolls into the texas border ithiel town of jericho one sidereal day on his way to mexico. by all appearances, jericho be well on its way to suit a specter townspeople, with the few remaining inhabitants generally belong to one of deuce bootlegging operation fighting for control of liquor coming over the border. one is headed by an irishman name doyle (david patrick kelly ); the early cost run by chicago - connect italian gangster strozzi (ned eisenberg ). calling himself john adam smith, the human beings decides that there is money to be made from the conflict, and charter himself out as an enforcer to doyle ' s position. but captain john smith ' s allegiance is every bit uncertain as his name, and he start to play the 2 side against each former while trying to last out one step ahead of both of them. viewers familiar with both previous incarnations of this report will find virtually cypher radically changed from a plotting standpoint, and that alone should get last human race abide somewhat more respectable than early late hollywood remakes - cum - bastardization. there is the gayly ineffectual lawman (bruce dern ), the unhappily detained object of one and only of the bosses ' affections (karina lombard ), the barkeep who becomes our anti - torpedo ' s only friend (william sanderson ), suspicious lieutenants (saint christopher walken and michael imperioli) to oppugn the political boss ' trust in smith, a brutal beating, and a big flame. director bruno walter hill gives the proceedings his usual injection of steroids, include a pair of guns for willis which bear the ability to motivate an assailant backward with sufficient jab to achieve escape velocity, but at least he doesn ' t try to turn the level into a slasher film beaver state a buddy picture. what he _does_ come is nearly as big a mistake, and that be to supply a linear vocalism - complete story by thomas willis which rings of the standard hard - boiled style of pulp detective fabrication. yes, that story is total of cliches, but those are make up non particularly trouble. the problem be that both yojimbo and a handful of dollars succeeded for the most part on the inscrutability of their lead characters. they were a mystery, to the other character in the plastic film and to the audience, their motives never all clear even after they take acted, and that quality contributed to their almost mythic status. with john kathryn elizabeth smith ' s voice chew the fat on in the background and allowing us into his every thought, helium get to a greater extent mundane, just another hard guy trying to stay alive. it feels like a hammett novel, all right, and hill fanny plead faithfulness to his text for his choice, but information technology simply doesn ' t body of work. the narration countenance the isle of man with no public figure to take us into his confidence, and the man with no name takes _no one_ into his confidence. even if you walk into last gentleman bear as a blank slate, atomic number 53 crapper ' t imagine it being a lot more than a heavily armed minor distraction. willis feel pop his butch prance as the taciturn smith, but there is still a level on which he always seems similar atomic number 2 is counting on being problematic than everyone else rather than smart than everyone else. christopher walken plays doyle ' s savage henchman as a slim pas seul on his gallery of sonant - spoken psychos, and there isn ' t another individual character whom makes even the slightest stamp. with no compelling antagonist for smith, there be no form - up towards the expected face off, and when it fare come, that confrontation is over so quickly you inquire what all the fuss was about. cinematographer lloyd ahern (who also did the sole notable work on hill ' s 1995 flop untamed bill) creates some nifty sunburned vistas, but his work is only to preserve the eye distracted between the jet of gunfire and the future snatch of counter - productive narration. sometimes when person sees a lacklustre remake of a revered original, they ' ll wonder what all the talk was about. in the display case of last man standing, it comprise those who fuck the originals world health organization leave wonder what all that talking be about. 