filmmakers will use all way of magic trick to flesh out and light up upward a dull, dingy, and overused idea. doug liman (tramp ), director of the extremist - hip and sternly dark comedy cristal, be an example of just such a movie maker. in his latest, atomic number 2 give the viewers a rowdy, neon - literature backdrop as camera operator and points the audience knock down a drug - infested route of misadventure as director. but he fails to come upwards with any parallel structure in his multi - tiered movie and he fail to connect with the audience on any level, bringing the worth of his efforts to nil and the value of adam to about the same. his movie is farm anthology - expressive style - - telling the like tale from multiple (three) points of purview, much as an author might write a successive novel. consistent with this ethic, liman and screenwriter john aug provide a scrap of an overlap at the beginning of each narrative and insert legal brief connections to other narratives. the thread that laces the three stories in concert be a drug deal and the issue thenceforth. in story a we have checkout clerk ronna (sarah polley) looking to score some rent money and turning to drug trafficking to do it; in account b complex vitamin we have regular drug dealer simon (desmond askew) gone to las vegas chip in ronna her opportunity; and in story c we have gay soap actors zack (jay mohr) and adam (scott wolf) working undercover for the police to bust pronounce drug deal. neither of the three chronicle experience much substance, and the movie has the feel of a campfire story (albeit a kind of strange one) that could personify told in phoebe to ten minute. ( in fact, the movie was in the first place a short picture show entitled x expand to have length. ) the other april release escort is too mistimed to capitalize on the movie ' s christmas circumstance, and the los angeles / las vegas night life is something also far from the mainstream for most theater - goers to attach themselves to. the fibre are shallow to the full point of requirement, and performances from small - recognize players like polley, askew, and taye diggs don ' t help operating room hurt the roles. in fact, even bigger name alike mohr, wolf, and katie arthur holmes don ' t have decent time to make square achiever. although that ' s almost expected for lack of uninterrupted screen clip, the success in the picture should issue forth from a screw thread that attach the stories. go doesn ' liothyronine have this, and it suffers because of it. as far as teenage movies are implicated, go represents the absolute prat, for its constant current of indecipherable light and sound mingy nada without some variety of vernacular theme. ( the following do not consider as common musical theme: drug deals, people attempting to have romantic interludes with drug dealer, people resorting to drug deals for alterior motives, surgery people non involved in drug deals stumbling into them. ) at meter, the humor in go is sickly funny, and on a low nighttime, almost watchable; but for the majority of its running clip and for most viewers, this movie will best comprise left to adolescent at blockbuster on a saturday nox. 