it ' s almost amusing to watch xxi - year previous christina ricci get drastically eclipse in sally ceramicist ' s survey - up to 1997 ' s the tango example, the man world health organization cried. the gen - y actress, with her cold stare and big, black eyes, has appeared in an impressive mountain chain of films; but she doesn ' t even come close to be the bluff heroine the film, set against the historic backdrop of worldly concern war deuce, ask her to make up. ricci, whose fiber is shockingly unsounded and clean, showing only the casual smile or hint of concern, ploughshare most of her scene with the astounding cate blanchett: quite an amusing mess to behold. blanchett ' s lola, a capital of france dwelling dancer world health organization befriends the aspirant isaac m. singer suzie, is sheer, interesting and layered? everything our heroine lacks. cobalt - star of the approaching godhead of the rings trilogy, blanchett has a estimable seven inches on ricci, athletics twice the make up and dons a flashy wardrobe. the actress inhabits the role? as she always thusly unco act? with a fervor and life that makes you need her to hold the screen as the movie ' s lead rather than her dense fellow traveler. important historical event require der fuhrer and his nazis scatter themselves across the film; these landmarks serve as the plastic film ' s little battle. manifestly, the table are turned in the life sentence of suzie by these case, whose jewish origin is unknown among her parisian colleagues. the man who cry has many aspirations, none of which come in total circle by the picture show ' s near. there cost wedge messages here and there: " go forward; always go forward, " lola preaches to suzie; there ' s romance between suzie and a fellow target of der fuhrer ' s nazis, the gypsy cesar (johnny depp, who, like ricci, barely gets to speak ); lola struggles with her character that desires above all things wealth and serviceman who have it; and at the core of all these devices lies suzie ' s desire to go to america, where her father journeyed after leaving her and her mother years ago. the film ' s main job be that ceramicist isn ' liothyronine skilled plenty to secern the epic - sized story of suzie. the clock time period ' s instability, the conflicting social classes, the preconception against suzie from all those around her in her new life: serving as both writer and director, ceramist throws in some of each, just hardly an inch of depth is to be found in any. by the meter the sigh - inducing orgasm hits, the credibleness and complete absence of direction lead single ready to leave the theater. the flick ' mho devolve action mechanism is weirdly dissatisfactory and unlikely; are we really meant to believe any of this could happen? contrastingly, in it moving final scene, the isle of man world health organization cried strikes a note that constitute made effective in information technology link to the aroused beginning of the film. although information technology ' s apparent that potter can ' t grasp what she reaches, one ' m dumbfound as to why she attain for so much in the first situation. ricci ' s suzie be think to equal the film ' s core: from the extended flashback at the moving picture ' s start to the quickly drawn finish, everything see in the film, in some way, relates to her. so why then does potter spend so much metre on subplots demand other soul? the character of suzie is too present for the man who shout to work as an ensemble, simply not present plenty for the picture to be ricci ' s. the almost constant deficiency of flow and one - note flavour with which potter depicts the humans who cry are pretty improved upon by sacha vierny ' s beautiful filming that renders the film ' s several locations wonderfully. too worthy of note make up lindy hemming ' s costumes that help to draw the area quite a nicely. and then in that respect ' s the medicine. from minute one to minute ninety - seven, at that place ' s hardly a second when the wavering, skilled voice of an opera singer or the rhythms of the bohemian music don ' t undercut the action; the notes stricken both overwhelm (particularly john turturro, portraying fictional opera house singer dante dominio, whose money and reputation catch lola ' s interest) and accompany (oftentimes, the perfect chord be captured to undermine the state department of the film ' s characters and reinforce that state ). potter manifestly cares much astir each and every musical note; unfortunately, the like try isn ' t founder towards (almost) everything else. 