so much for sugared returns. after smart repugnance movie were starting to be made again after the exploitative lxxx ' s slasher movies, starting with 1996 ' s " scream, " and followed by " scream two, " " urban caption, " and the original, " i know what you did last summer, " a film alike, " i still sleep together what you did terminal summer, " was bound to be made sooner or late. it embody a stark example of the exact reason wherefore repulsion photographic film temporarily burned out, and that is because they reached for the low - uncouth - denominator in filmmaking, favoring non - stop deaths and gore for suspense, and trading in fleshed out, likeable characters for one - dimensional nitwits. it has been exactly one year since julie james (jennifer love hewitt) suffered through the ordeal of being terrorise by ben thomas willis, a psychopathological fisher whom her protagonist and she accidentally hit in the middle of the road, and then, thinking he was beat, dumped him into the ocean. since and then, julie has relocate to boston university, and although often paranoid and stalk by speculative dreams, she has been capable to put her life back together. when julie ' s friend, karla (brandy ), be called up by a tuner post and answers correctly what the upper case letter of brazil is, she wins a vacation to the bahamas for four people, which also includes karla ' s horny boyfriend, tyrell (mekhi phifer ), and will (matthew settee ), who karla seth julie up with after her own boyfriend, ray (freddie prinze jr. , also returning from the original ), doesn ' t show up. when they reach out the secluded island, they name it is the last day of the open season, and bequeath be stranded there for the 4th of july weekend with a few employees to fend murder a violent storm headed for them. of course, julie, her booster, and the actor aren ' t the solitary ones there, as the murderous ben willis, dressed in fisherman garb, returns to seek revenge on julie once and for all. it is a sad state of affairs when a movie alike, " 1 even so know what you did terminal summer, " be made. i am a real big fan of horror movies, and so it is especially disheartening to find proscribed that this sequel to " ikwydls, " which i am a fan of, is most an accurate reproduction of a " friday the thirteenth " pic. while the original focused more on the story and characters, as well as authentically suspenseful moments, thanks to the screenplay by kevin williamson (who didn ' t return to write the sequel, and information technology shows ), " i still recognise. .. " has no taradiddle to verbalise of, and be thus blank of ideas, that the filmmakers, be forced to experience a murder occur every five minutes just to keep the audience interested. also go are any signs of character evolution, and since every unmarried character die before i got to know them, all i be left with was to stare at the screen, indifferent to what be blend in on. while i handle about the fates of the case in the original, it make no difference to maine in this sequel who lived and die. they be all composition - thin and pointless, except to get victims to the lethal bait of the fisherman. another factor that made the original so memorable live some superbly craft set - pieces, corresponding the store sequence with sarah michelle gellar, but in that respect are none to verbalise of in this sequel (although they do come close at one moment with brandy ). since so many people constitute stamp out every duo minutes, the suspense and scares evaporated faster than common salt in water. also of note is the mystery of the second killer, and confederate to ben, but it is obvious from the first frame who it embody, and so i couldn ' t even have fun at that, like i did in the " scream " flick and, " urban caption. " information technology figures that just as slasher pic cost commence to get some recognition again, a film would amount along and smash it for everyone else. maybe the citizenry who made, " i still have intercourse what you serve last summer, " should have realized that in decree to make a good movie, you must have a screenplay - - - or at least matchless that isn ' t such a black muddle for sentiment and idea. the stop of the film necessarily leave the threshold wide capable for a third portion, merely judge from this amazingly lackluster first subsequence, everyone involved should have depart while they were still ahead. 