the premise of this motion picture show is, considerably, pretty far - fetched. tom berenger plays shale, a mercenary who embody temporarily out of work (those saphead at the central intelligence agency have denied his existence just because helium and his buddies muck up a job in republic of cuba ). luckily, his girlfriend friend (diane venora ), a teacher at saint christopher columbus high school in miami, gets her knee cap bring out by a disgruntled student, create a job spread for shale as a substitute teacher. non telling his girl friend, who mightiness object on pedagogical basis, helium creates a number of fake higher degrees for himself (from yale university, john harvard, princeton, et al) and begins his tenure as a high school instructor. the students (nut, drug dealers, mob member, sleazy strumpet, ice - selection wielders. .. you get the picture) don ' t really take to him right away, so atomic number 2 hits unitary in the case with a can and breaks a few finger. this gets their attention to a sure extent, so helium distinguish them the story of the vietnam war: " see, some homeboys from the north tried to muscle in on the sward of the homeboys from the dixie. " oh yea, now they put up dig information technology; the trouble is just that nobody ever explained information technology properly before. but waiting! there are drugs being dealt in the shoal itself! and behind the unanimous schema, in cahoots with the drumhead crew, the kod (no, non " cod ", simply " knights of destruction ". .. really! ), is none other than. .. the upright, ex - cop principal, play by the disregarded ghostbuster, ernie hudson! hence shale perform what any good teacher would do. he mystify his buddies in concert, they gather together a cluster of bazookas and other major weapon, explosives, and cool hooey like that, and they have a with child face off against the drug dealers and kod at the high school. ok, so the premise be not just now far - fetched, information technology ' s downright dumb. if this were a hong kong action comedy, we might just accept information technology, only it require itself far too seriously to make up really fun. ohio, it have its moments; how unrivaled can truly hate a movie in which vast (actually huge) amounts of cocain are render in school busses? and to equal fair, it exist almost never really deadening, as the military action is interrupted by simply short sequences of existent narration. but concluded all, this is moderately much a make - for - tv movie with more (and bigger) explosion and more than foul linguistic process. in fact, it remind me of " miami frailty " without the product value, babes in skimpy bikinis, and pastel. if you can cabbage into the theater without pay, go for it. otherwise, postponement for video. the flying inkpot military rating organisation: * wait for the tv2 broadcast. * * a little creaky, but still well than continue at domicile with gotcha! * * * pretty upright, convey a admirer. * * * * amazing, powerful clobber. * * * * * beau ideal. see it double. 