the operative deed of conveyance for no looking rearward was long time, nothing new, and rarely take there been a more disposed epithet for a motion picture. still though this movie clocks in at a comparatively penny pinching xcvi transactions, it seem to run long enough to engulf two titanics. writer / film director duke of windsor burns has clip away a hackneyed plot line, the trajectory of which will exist directly recognizable to anyone who hasn ' t spent their life in seclusion. or else of tweaking the normal a little to liven the proceedings, burns be content to allow the film to ramble aimlessly towards information technology irritatingly predictable conclusion, offering precious few momentary pleasure along the way. no looking back is dominated by three really dislikable characters whose constant bearing on the screen is unspeakable. the most appropriate stop would own been a triple self annihilation, and the sooner, the unspoiled. ala, that ' sulphur not the case, and those world health organization stick with this motion picture for its entire length volition exist forced to stick out the prolonged company of this wretched trio. and, to farther depress audiences, nathan birnbaum has spud the entire film on common cold, showery daylight in a gray new york land beach town. peep of sunshine are few and far between. no wonder the grapheme are all thence miserable. first of all, we have charlie (robert burns ), a generation x slacker world health organization desert his girlfriend terzetto years ago after she suffer an abortion, then spent some time bumming about in calif. before deciding to come home. that girlfriend is claudia (lauren holly ), and, after pick upwards the pieces of her lifetime following charlie ' s departure, she has moved on, shacking astir with matchless of charlie ' s old schooltime crony, mike (jon bon jovi ). the two have a well situated relationship, simply it ' s apparent to still a blind person that they ' re non in good order for each early. claudia old age for some spice in her sprightliness; mike need to settle down and have children. and so charlie ra - enters the mix. so world health organization, if anyone, will claudia end up with? world health organization cares?? no await back fail to extraordinary lengths to make sure that we ' re not especially interested in the outcome of the wild eyed trilateral. indeed what if no ace discover happiness - - these characters don ' t deserve information technology anyway, peculiarly after wasting 90 mo of our sentence. they aren ' t real mass - - they ' re a writer ' s construct stumbling through with a too - obvious plot line. they should have a go at it the ending every bit comfortably as we do. and robert burns should have given his audience more recognition and present them with a plot that at least offered a surprisal or two. another frustrative matter astir no looking back be that burns has populated the film with a group of potentially - interesting support characters. blythe danner is solid as claudia ' s housebound mother, connie britton exist suitably high - strung as claudia ' s neurotic sister, and jennifer esposito is eye - detection as a bartender in lookup of a little romance language. sadly, all we have be prompt glimpse into their lives, although a movie about any of them would get make up far to a greater extent intriguing than the story burns has chosen to tell. none of the lead performer are locomote to wow critics with their thespian attributes. edward burn be crusade the edge of his limited range here. jon bon jovi shows to a greater extent acting ability than peerless might reasonably expect from a singer branch into a different career, just atomic number 2 could yet use a little polish. the worst event follow lauren holly, who presents a entirely bland claudia. as portray here, she ' siemens just the kind of char who would inspire even a moment ' s pastime, non to mention undying love. burns ' ex, the monumentally talentless maxine bahns, would make been hard - pressed to fare a to a lesser extent inspired job. when helium release the brother mcmullen, edward burns was revered as the wunderkind of the 1995 sundance film festival (robert charles robert redford has apparently stuck with him - - the age actor / director executive produced this mess ). two films and three short years by and by, the luster have languish. some movie makers birth alone i good film in them. with back - to - back duds like she ' s the one and no look backward to follow the delicious brothers, burn is set about to look like a member of that undistinguished guild. 