a movie laced with a upright portmanteau word of action, comedy, and a heavy dose of musical famous person guest appearance sounds pretty gourmet, but even the best ingredients can be throw unitedly in the wrong elbow room, make a dismal and unsatisfactory product. eighteen years after the blueness brother hit theaters, bluing brother 2000 is being unleashed, negative half of it original duo (the lately john belushi) and nearly all of its original charm. dan aykroyd repeat his role (as well as his co - authorship credit) as elwood amobarbital sodium, the shrill dressed con man who wreaked havoc on a self - proclaimed " mission from god " along with his brother jake and their blues brothers band nearly eighteen years ago. as we begin, elwood is be released from a state penitential along with the news of his brother ' s demise in prison house age ago. completely on his ain, elwood decides to trace his roots back to the orphanage where he pass his childhood, only to discover that everyone atomic number 2 has ever known get go on away. just elwood isn ' tetraiodothyronine completely without family. it seems atomic number 2 has a half - brother of sort - non a real brother mind you, just the illegitimate child of his bluesman pseudo - male parent william curtis (cab calloway from the first film ), who take besides passed on. despite inklings from mother superior mary stigma (kathleen freewoman) to do otherwise, elwood seek proscribed his only remain family in an effort to start up an all new blue brothers ring. working as a police commander, cabel chamberlain (joe morton ), have an quick disliking for elwood, world health organization nonchalantly fills cab in on his mother ' s affair year ago and and then break down on to steal his wallet. following elwood roughly equal the lonely orphan buster (j. evan bonifant ), world health organization quickly learns to become a mini - elwood. when bartender mighty mack mcteer (john goodman) joins the grouping, the blues brothers band is terminated, and once again, the group travels the country, crashing cars, gasconade things upwardly, and obstructing peace with more than than just now solid blues rock 'n' roll. meantime, cab ' s personal vendetta against elwood conduce him on an torrid manhunt for his next - to - future - of - kin. > from this degree, the motion picture show turn into a series of music video with a few bits of roleplay in between. those hoping for an interesting and / surgery funny thread are given to a fault many musical interludes while those heavily concerned in the euphony are break overly much of a story. only the extremely esurient blue devil fans should attempt getting thru these two hour. for those citizenry, it english hawthorn follow deserving it, for luckily there be much more music than shoddy attempts at acting, but when the story does intrude upon the festivities, the film is heavily bogged down with unfunny jokes, musicians turned soused actors, and the pointless ten - year - old buster attempting to add some sort of home exclusively cuteness to the whole thing. appearances by musical legends such as aretha john hope franklin, james embrown, eric clapton, and a whole great deal of others are the high gunpoint of the film, but they also confirm why these people comprise musicians and not actors. amobarbital sodium brothers 2000 is deserve of one whole star just because if you really, truly love this kind of music, you power kind of, sort of comparable this movie. many, many view are nauseatingly unfunny, and if you get into ' t have a passion for very inscrutable blues / rock, you ' ll exist bored stunned of your skull. much of this film seems nothing more than aykroyd ' s self - serving toilet table projection, but no matter how much fun aykroyd may be have with this, none of the excitement is passed on to the audience. and seeing three guys in three - piece suit goofily dancing around with poker game faces can entirely be funny for thusly long. unfortunately, those deuce seconds are over about fifteen proceedings into the flick. 