steve steve martin shines but sgt. bilko fails to impress base on the pop 50 ' due south sitcom, sgt. bilko follows the string of old - sitcom - to - movie conversion feverishness. remember the brady bunch movie or the beverly hillbillies released sometime rearward? ( brady bunch was a restrained hit in in the uranium while hillbillies founder ). i do not truly bonk whether the hollywood mind are running out of good ideas or just being sheer lazy, but the boob tube - spiritual rebirth - movies are gain our screens like wildfire, sad to say, with mixed success. such moving picture are by and large targeted at us viewers since they are normally followings of such series over on that point and the larger the following, the more probable the sitcom will be attain into a movie. sgt. bilko (frankly, single have non see any its original tv version ), even with the charm and wild prank of funnymen steve martin and dan akroyd; failed to harbor. sgt. ernest bilko is the human being behind the motor pool (place of fomite storage and repair) of fort baxter. though totally unskilled in the field of work that he is supposed to be in explosive charge of, he feature an almost superhuman ability and eagerness to whiff out money - fashioning opportunities; from track down a gambling den in the military garage to 4 - d pools. though materialistic in mind, bilko ' s methods have thoughtfully ` enriched ' the lives of the men of garrison baxter, providing them with some form of real recreation within the camp and the mass bonk him for that. colonel hall work the full fort and thanks to his innate ` blissfully - confused ' state, bilko has managed to hide his operation, though nearly every livelihood person in the fortress recognise about information technology. bilko ' s state of ascent is all of a sudden under - flack when the pentagon send major thorn, a tough cookie on army regulations, to check on the progress on the $ 70 trillion hovertank project, a new weapon nether development within the fortress ' s grounds. to add to his problems, thorn is determined to bring bilko down in retalliation of a major ` sabo ' done on him by bilko during their new usa mean solar day. director jonathan lynn, world health organization calculate my cousin vinny (in which marisa tomei won an oscar for effective - keep going actress) managed to pull sgt. bilko through with suitable tempo and some exceptional moments of laugh, but that exist about information technology. there are truly not enough laughter - packed - mo in sgt. bilko to fully hold the average moving picture - leaver. still, steve martin ' s sgt. bilko embody played with discreetness and total - effect by the renowned comedian. without him, sgt. bilko would make just fell flat on information technology font. sgt. bilko did jolly intimately in the us box federal agency betimes this year but one doubt it will earn much elsewhere around the world. the current trend in mixed achiever in such tv - conversions may embody a blessing in camouflage, really; at least it bequeath force hollywood to re - think any of its initial aim to turn another tv - estimate into a movie beaver state at the very least approach those ideas with more creativity. unless you are a buff of the tv - series or have intercourse to watch steve dino paul crocetti in action, you stern skip this one when decide which movie to catch in the local theatres. i ' k sure in that respect are better 1 around. 