it used to be that not merely anyone could become a lamia. usually, you had to be an aristocrat - a count such as genus dracula surgery karnstein. to measure up, you ' five hundred have to deliver a modicum of sophistication, so you ' d at least look nerveless - oregon suave - when biting into some immature damsel ' s throat. only today, in our overly politically correct world, any scuzzy - looking, long - haired, unshaven stumblebum beaver state any spiked - haired harridan can place the sharpness on you. by the same token, to be a vampire hunter, one have to have some sort of medical training and knowledge of the occult or peradventure perhaps personify some sort of professional soldier, or at least one world health organization retired with accolade. non in these times. all you demand be some sharp arm, some slug forged from atomic number 47 and any bumpkin can be a buffy - or a blade. without sounding elitist, the fear of lamia has greatly diminished because of this lack of exclusivity. which bring america to blade, the latest in a farseeing assembly line of vampire movies in which, it look, half the population is putting the bite on the early one half. non only are in that respect thousands of vampires, but they seem to move from city to city, pay off police departments and, about importantly, establish their own exclusive after - hours raves in which the highlight live the sprinkler system going off and dip wholly the occupants in a line shower. with all that lineage, you inquire why they have to hunt down for victims. you besides wonder when they get the time to get their dress dry - cleaned and why no cleaner ever plain about all the bloodstains. blade, which represent based on a wonder comic record character, is, comparable a comic book of account, all visual. the plot is essentially blade repetitiously slashing his style done the lamia army seek their loss leader, deacon frost. information technology ' s all hokum and nonsense, of trend. but the film maker play information technology straight. unfortunately, at least at the advance cover i attend, the consultation didn ' t see information technology that way and laughed through much of the proceedings. you know a movie is in difficulty when the scenes of stemma and gore that should educe screams of fright instead evoke peels of laughter. another tell - tale sign be when the hearing seems to follow admiring the hero ' sec dress up more than the hero. also it seems information technology ' s not enough for today ' s lamia merely to make fang. atomic number 2 moldiness also be proficient in the martial artistic production. why a supernatural be, matchless of the undead, needs such skills is beyond maine. ( of form, this concept dates to the 1974 hammer films - run endure shaw production of legend of the seven lucky lamia, in which dracula be defeat by seven karate - chopping siblings. ) charles wesley snipes is buff as blade. helium growls his lines - the few he has - and spends most of the time glowering - as if he equal suffering from stomach upset operating room having second thoughts astir starring in and co - producing this turkey. blade is just another good example of how the vampire motion picture, a once estimable member of the repugnance family, receive gone downhill. this dud generally makes you yearn for those quaint old day when christopher rose louise hovick could represent stopped only by dangling a crucifix in his face. today ' s vampires miss the dash, the style of a bela lugosi or a saint christopher lee. they are not even suitable plenty to run those enceinte bloodsuckers ' capes. they be more farcical than frightful. this whole endeavor is one dull blade that could give birth used lots of sharpening. 