equally bad as " mimic " was, information technology definitly scared maine. " mimic " continued the fright hollywood trend of take a alien director world health organization shows a lot of creative ingenuity and style, and completely flush it when he comes to america to make believe a movie. director guillermo del toro was recently imported from united mexican states after he made the award winning and imaginative horror film " cronos. " that movie worked because information technology take an unconventional story, unequalled characters and well written game and dialogue to make a truly scary film. in " mimic ", del toro doesn ' t bother to gift usa anything original. the plot is a stupefied compounding of " aliens " meets " species " meet " jurassic parkland. " the characters stimulate been recycled from a few hundred other movies. there ' southward cypher newfangled in " mimic ". it ' s just a bunch of quondam tricks that rarely study. at the end of the movie, you ' re bind wanting your money back. maybe the worst affair astir the moving picture is that del toro follow another annoying movement of recent movies: he forgot to turn the lights on. one don ' t understand wherefore suspense motion picture show late have to follow the " seven " trend and be set up in dark, clammy areas. watching " mimic " i was tempted several time to holler at the silver screen " flex the lights on! the switch is to your right field! use vulgar sense! just do information technology! you ' ll be capable to envision the monster in the corner! " there ' s a scene where mira sorvino be standing in subway station while the lights be flickering on and off. it looked like the light source operator was having a seizure, and sorvino didn ' t yet notice - she just stood on that point looking same she was having mysterious thinking. " hmmm. ... iodin think bean soup would be good for dinner tonight. " " mimic " throw a fortune of nonessential shock tactics (boo! hardly pull the leg of!) and follows them upward with the genuine scare, but aught in this movie scares you. the audience in the theater never jumped during nail biting instant; iodin think they were tire, too. i shouldn ' triiodothyronine incrimination del toro. he international relations and security network ' t the first successful foreign director to come to hollywood and wee wee a tough movie. hong kong director john woo made ii of the best action films of all time, " the killer " and " hard boil " and then come to america to make the unintelligent " broken arrow. " gallic directors luc besson (" la femme nikita ") and george sluizer (" the disappear ") survey woo ' s lead and clear dumbed down versions of those picture show. robert rodriguez, who directed the terrific low budget " el mariachi " come to hollywood and directed the horrible, gamey - budget " desperate criminal. " i don river ' t know wherefore a foreign director who show such talent in his country arse ' t make a good american movie. woo eventually broke through and made " face / off ", only information technology nevertheless isn ' deoxythymidine monophosphate up to par with his earlier film. i get the feeling a hollywood manufacturer sits in his berth, chews on a bountiful smelly cigar and says to the director, " welcome to america! i bet you must make up fag after being on that boat for so long. do you speak english? now, iodin know you think you ' ve made salutary movies in the past, but now you ' re in america, so thing be a little different here. just call back what the american audience constantly wants, and you ' ll be okay. they want to see at least one big breasted woman, character that they ' ve seen a thousand times before (because change scares americans ), and you always need a cheesy find - good ending to wrap thing up. if you assume ' t make that form of movie, you ' ll be reflect my brake shoe in no time. " 