if there be a subject just screaming to be make into a film, it was studio fifty four, the late steve rubell ' s notorious new york discotheque, which came to symbolize the taboo - smashing excesses of the disco era ' s flush: easy drug and even easier sexual practice between everyone, all determine to a thumping dance cadence. so when miramax started production on _54_ last year, the buzz of hoopla and resulting prevision began: an edgy film as down - and - dirty as the club itself, drop a line and directed by a promising first - timer (mark saint christopher) and starring some hot unseasoned talent (salma friedrich august von hayek, neve campbell, newcomer ryan phillippe, and mike myers in his dramatic debut ). my, how easily does the worm twist. hype turn into damage control when word gravel away about 11th - hour reshoots (wrapped only a month ago ), a efflorescence of studio - enforce edits that left virtually the entire cast and crew (especially christopher) dysphoric, and the very likely possibility that miramax would non screen the finished film for critics. at the last minute, though, miramax behave settle to screen the motion picture (so hastily schedule was the screening that myers ' s last place name was misspelled on the invitation, not to mention the numerous typos in the press notes) for a mass medium audience that came forth noticeably less than impressed, myself included. and with good ground - - somehow, some agency, the supremely disappointing _54_ has made the historically hip seaport of hedonism. .. drilling. although saint christopher has distance himself from the land up film, he nevertheless must shoulder some of the rap for _54_ ' s stillness. _54_ focal point, for the most part, on a tight - knitting terzetto of employees at the club: coat check girl / aspiring disco diva anita (a scourge hayek ); her busboy hubby, greg (breckin meyer ); and, most prominently, the fresh - from - jersey shane o ' shea (phillippe ), who enjoy a quick lift from busboy to head bartender. these characters are about equally generic as those description. in focus on the charter help, christopher really missed the sauceboat. with the exception of the flamboyant, always - woozy rubell (myers, in a well - regulate turn ), the meaty stories to be told at studio 54 are not the doer ' but those of the people who went there to party; not necessarily the numerous vip invitee, but the wild eccentric person who managed to be picked from the crowd by the club ' s famously hard - ass doormen and dance (among other things) the night away with the plentiful, famous, and infamous (the entirely taste of the crowd comes by path of ellen dow ' s feisty dottie, a disco - and drug - crazed granny, but she ' s a peripheral character at best ). as such, by from the expected disk overhead crowd shots, there is precious short actual _dancing_ in _54_. what is a disco motion picture - - peculiarly unmatchable about the pinnacle of the bm - - without the terpsichore? even iota stillman ' s _the_last_days_of_disco_, which wasn ' t thus much come to with disco as it was witty dialogue within a group of pelvis - to - only if - themselves club - hopping preppies, featured at least one extended dance scene. dancing isn ' t the solitary thing glazed all over in _54_ - - and so be the sex, but that may non be entirely christopher ' s faulting. from what i ' ve heard, his original vision was something considerably more dark and dare, start with the shane character: he be conceived (and actually filmed) as a angry, virtuously ambiguous bisexual person, which would have made an efficient springboard to cover the pansexual pleasure palace scene of studio 54 ' s legend. but somewhere between chief photography and the final cutting, shane was defanged and rather literally neaten out; consequently, thusly be the film. aside from a brief glimpse of erotic encounters toward the source of the film, shane ' s dart dalliance with seductive socialite billie (sela ward ), and an brief bedhopping montage, the intimate attribute is just about cut. shane, in this personification, is sanitized to the peak of blandness, an elevated do - gooder who pines for a frequent client at the clubhouse, julie pitch black (campbell ), a worldly soap star with, yes, a heart of gold. this tacked - on " romance " would sustain been slightly to a lesser extent irksome if either campbell or phillippe made some connection with each former operating theatre the audience. they miscarry on both counts. at long last, _54_ ' s failure comes down to deuce ace letters: f - u - n. as in, there international relations and security network ' t any to be had for the audience. too much metre cost spend with the boring shane, and too little is spent on the club level, where all the action took position. anyhow, though, whatsoever time is spent on the 54 floor be non expend very effectively. when anita finally gets her liberal break and perform onstage at the club, information technology should be a euphoric stature, for her, the crowd, and the audience; however, the moment doesn ' t get a chance to attain that level, for it is cut short by a moment of forced sentimentality, which also mars the film ' s conclusion (one of the last - minute reshoots ). oddly upbeat and pensive, the resolution is all unconvincing and unsatisfying. there be an interesting portraiture of studio apartment liv out there - - two of them, in fact - - but _54_ is not one of them. they ' atomic number 75 on cable tv: a couple of documentaries produced by e! and vh1. these deuce fascinating looks at the club and wholly the sordid going - on within it evince that there ' s still a great disco picture show to live made. the trouble is, after the critical and certain boxful office failure of _54_, the case may have persist it hollywood course. 