abstract: the president of a company wants to test his self - appoint replacement, who ' s psychotic, and suppose it ' s a great idea to drop a week with him and their wives in an isolated cabin a hundred international nautical mile from civilization with no dependable transportation beaver state means of communication after a heavy snow. comments: caterpillar tread of a killer get a couple of strike against it before i yet set out watching it. strike 1 was the fact that soul take in scrawled the word garbage on the videotape ' reciprocal ohm sticker in black mark (non typically a good sign when you rent a film ). strike ii come while the previews played. did you always obtain a sinking forewarning about a movie ' s quality (or lack thereof) while observe the trailers that come before information technology? well, the cheesy cinema being advertised before tracks of a orcinus orca make up films that no one has ever heard of star people no ace know, and they all looked bad (definately not a expert sign ). tracks of a grampus itself completed the strikeout. about the only positive affair this film had move for it be the fact that information technology sports some nice scenery. to be fair, the initiative half - hour or therefore hope at least a watchable thriller. wolf larson, world health organization bears more than a overtaking resemblance to hugh grant, adequately plays the underling apparently limit upwards as the killer of the film ' due south title. james brolin and kelly lebrock seem equally adequate as the have sex couple larson will afterward threaten. brolin ' s character, for some incomprehensible reason, thinks its a outstanding idea to drop some time in a cabin, practically isolate, with lebrock and larson, whom helium ' mho decided to test for the week before giving him full controller of his company. by the time the characters come at the cabin, this motion picture begins to become dull. evidently, brolin ' s successor ' s test involves chopping ellen price wood for the open fireplace and skiing, which don ' t seem like property necessary to run a line of work in the city. but, so again, what make i know about business sector? iodin do think, though, that they should suffer indue in some better article of furniture for the cabin; its beds and wardrobe stimulate a substance abuse of just breaking at the slightest touch. larson ' s character accidently kills his own wife sort of than the couple he wants to bolt down. this leaves the moving picture with an hour to go and only if three character, which really isn ' t enough to keep it. the moving picture show ' s writer must have taken a cue from stephen king, as prospect from caterpillar tread of a killer seem overturn extinct of wretchedness and gerald ' s game. larson and lebrock conflict and torture each other (the table begin turned a couple of times) while brolin tramp around in the snow appear for supporter. some old hombre ' randomness around too, just so the grampus can add to his body reckoning without killing the couple, world health organization everyone knows testament be alert at the end of the photographic film. the old cat, nevertheless, miraculously survives his first death and seem subsequently to be killed again by the slayer in a scene and so ludicrous information technology ' s worthy of a chuckle or two. outside of that chortle, regrettably, tracks of a killer volition just suffer you as the obvious secret plan is drawn out ad infinitum and the actors, for some intellect, become increasing objectionable. if you ' re in a video store and conceive astir lease this turkey, don ' triiodothyronine. make tracks to a far superscript suspense film, like wretchedness. 