i ' m not certain if silvio horta wrote urban legend before oregon after the success of scream, but i ' thousand guessing after just because it seems he may non have make time to write a 2nd gulp. badly, this idea - - a psycho bumping away people in the style of urban legends - - be a great 1 and i like information technology could give been pulled off. the 1st foretoken of trouble comes with the sorely insipid dialogue. an example: " that [car smash] must ' ve be awful. .. for everyone involve. " you can tell that the author think that something a little more airy was supposed to receive follow said, just now no one cipher out what. i roll in the hay in slasher flick in that respect isn ' t supposed to be a lot of nifty characterization and i myself assume ' t psyche cardboard cutouts, but please don ' triiodothyronine let the cutouts be so damn bland. one reason movies similar scream, star wars and prima donna have become so treasured make up because they boast magnetic actors playing interesting characters. away from jared leto and book of joshua jackson (who aren ' thyroxin on the screen long plenty) no one in urban legend makes the grade. alicia witt shows none of the acerbity operating theater wit she displayed on cybill, rebecca gayheart actually looks unattractive (non to mention as dumb as a post through trine / 4 of the film) and robert englund scarce cruises on auto pilot. good thing brad dourif is here, but wait. .. atomic number 2 ' s only in the film for five minutes _and_ he ' s just redoing his unspoilt - natured stutter character from ace flew over the zany ' s nest. which brings pine tree state to another facial expression of urban legend: information technology ' s unoriginality. the motion picture show most blatantly ripped dispatch be scream (another reason that makes me think silvio victor horta publish this after craven ' s and williamson ' s enceinte succeeder ). urban fable try to deconstruct modern - day folklore a great deal the like style scream deconstructed slasher films, merely it doesn ' t quite succeed. it ' s good stab at self - reflexivity is poking fun at " that girl in the noxzeema ad " (ie, rebecca gayheart) we besides take another killer - taunting - his - victim - on - the - phone function in urban legend and quick, what moving picture is this exchange of dialogue from: female booster: why? scoundrel: why? wherefore? !? kudos to those of you who answered screech and / or urban legend. alike ace said, this picture could ' ve been great. if merely silvio have work or been allowed to do work a little longer on the script. still, at least urban legend had some pretty coolheaded death scenes and a more or less realized whodunit angle which clear this slasher is waaaayyyyyy honorable than ace know what you did last summer. 