a life story less ordinary (radius) while the extremely peculiar a life less average does live up to its title, a more appropriate moniker would be a movie more misguided, for this confused, puzzling attempt at romantic comedy is a most disarming disaster from the talented trainspotting team of director danny robert boyle, manufacturer andrew macdonald, and screenwriter john hodge. at the core of this unusual picture is a clean canonical - - and, yes, ordinary - - premise. after henry m. robert (boyle regular ewan mcgregor ), an aspiring author of trashy novel, is go off from his janitorial line at the naville corporation, atomic number 2 kidnaps naville ' s (ian holm) spoiled daughter celine (cameron diaz) and holds her for ransom. the joke here be that celine is a willing victim - - her father threatened to cut her off financially, so she want revenge - - and that she soon becomes not simply an accomplice but the brains behind the scheme, teaching the inept robert a matter operating room 2 about kidnapping. .. and, at last (didn ' deoxythymidine monophosphate we see this matchless get? ), honey. so far, so second rate. but mediocre embody better than dreadful, which this motion picture show is, thanks in no lowly part to the hodge ' s contextual underframe for the romance. it turns out that god is displeased with the divorce and quixotic breakup rate on earth, so the gaffer of paradise ' s police, gabriel (dan hedaya) dispatches 2 angels, o ' reilly (holly hunting watch) and jackson (delroy lindo ), to earth to hook up celine and robert - - or recede their angel status. this conceit might get cultivate if the angel dimension played an inherent role in the total picture. but information technology could have easily been cut without any percipient loss to the film; as it stands, it be simply a wasteland of time that trouble from the latinian language at hand. not that there is a great deal of a romance to commence with. endeavor as diaz and mcgregor may, celine and robert are likewise one - note to go really endearing characters. celine is rich bitch; henry martyn robert be a dullard. as such, it follow quite an voiceless for the audience to really link up with these two - - and then again, they never appear to truly connect with each other. when celine and robert start to overtly act on their " feelings, " it comes off more like something scripted than anything born. but i am not on the button sure if boyle and company ' s point be romance; frankly, i be not just sure what they equal trying to accomplish. boyle juices up the visuals with his characteristic razzmatazz, but information technology continue hardly that - - energy, not energy in armed service of a report operating room even acting. the cast seem lost, especially hunter, whose carrying out is so directionless as to be baffling. and then there are the many eccentricities splosh onto the film: some vehement confrontations take the angel, who are not exactly saintlike - - in fact, they end up staging their own ransom scheme; some mysterious hokum in the climax; and a cutesy claymation epilogue. watching much of a life less average be like be ensnare in indie hipster underworld, carry quirks in the name of cool. instead, the flick just gives quirky a defective epithet. my best surmise as to what the filmmakers wanted to accomplish is an atmosphere of warped womantic (yes, misspelling intend) whim, which comes through in only one scene: an prolonged melodious number where celine and robert sing " beyond the sea " at a karaoke bar. after a rhyme or 2, the couple are magically dolled up in snazzy outfits and hairstyle, and engage in a bouncing terpsichore turn on the counter. the scene works non merely because of it comparative simplicity but also because it does not try too hard, just relying on the innate appeal of the leads, allowing them to build a wild eyed rapport. ala, not intimately enough is built, for this moment come to an abrupt end. i applaud any endeavor to bring something impertinent and unequaled to movie houses, but sometimes even cleverness can reach overkill. a life less ordinary sure deliver something " different, " but by the time the picture show be over, i personify clamour for a life more ordinary. " i commode accept failure. everyone fails at something. merely i can ' t accept not trying. it doesn ' t subject if you get ahead as long as you pay everything in your heart. " - - michael jordan 