the most interesting part of " arse ' t hardly wait " just happens to be non exclusively the well nigh human, but for many of u, the unmatched component part that many of us can easily relate to. that exist the character of denise (lauren saint ambrose ), the film ' s solitary sarcastic appendage who mocks everything that goes on in the motion picture show, and at one point sits down on a couch and looks totally world weary. the photographic film sagely holds over this moment, nicely showing her estrangement in the thick of a large high schooltime party. .. well nigh too nicely. for some member of the consultation (read: me ), this is essentially a mirror of what ' sulphur going on with them follow this film. we sit there wondering wherefore we ' ve even vex to see a film astir a farsighted high school company we probably never matte the desire to move to in the first place. ace would actually highly urge this film if information technology satirized all of this. after all, this film is filled with a bunch of misfortunate stereotypes much of which one go away to gamey school with. everyone ' sulfur here: the jock, the homecoming queen, the nerd (and his dominions of trekkies and ecstasy - philes ), the alienated wannabe writer, the school day spirit girl, the pothead (sulphur ), the wigger, etc, etc, etc, and weirdly enough this film shows them as superficial, lame, and basically as a clustering of loser. except for denise, world health organization roll her eyes at everything, and easily becomes the most likable fiber still before she speaks (her yearbook entry, something which is perform for each principal character, quotes oscar oscar fingal o'flahertie wills wilde - definite pointers there ). unfortunately, the writer and director have respective major misteps on the way to making this into an admirable and even sympathetic film. the film, as iodin said, portrays most of its character as trivial and just all ignorant to everything. however, alternatively of dumbfound with this, perhaps even going a bit further with it, they get this lie, and actually make these character into our heroes. we follow various of them, all a bunch of moronic stereotypes with only a shread of humanity and realism, and tries to tell boring and to a fault melodramatic tales about them as if we actually cared and / operating room identified with them. and if we do, we certainly don ' t want to revisit that commonwealth of be. here ' s a quick low pitched - down feather: information technology ' s graduation exercise, and we follow a bunch of elder on the utmost night, otherwise known as the " american grafitti " surgery, to a lesser extent, the " dazed and confused " cliche. the conventional just trace them as they drive aimlessly; the latter execute a little bit of that and featured a big outdoor kegful party. " rear ' t hardly wait " just opts for a full grown indoor keg party, and a little number of aimless drive, albeit of the i ' m - whining - because - i - can ' t - draw - a - girl - unity - deprivation stigma. we follow many people around, just more often than not we trail preston (ethan embry, of " that thing you do! " ), the alienated author, who ' s been pining over the homcoming queen, amanda (the totally overrated jennifer love hewitt ), for the totality of high school because he recollect they shared a moment their freshman year over a freaking pappa prostitute. nowadays that she ' s broken up with her football player boyfriend, mike (peter facinelli ), he decides to go to the party with a note he ' s written declare his " lovemaking " for her in the hopes helium ' ll build up the catgut to give it to her. .. even though atomic number 2 ' s leaving for a multi - week intensive writing program host by none other than kurt vonnegut (o.k.: the ingenius vonnegut or some shitty noxema interpreter? ). since that plot is incredibly lame and a track record of what goes on with it wouldn ' t be able to carry a commercial let alone a feature film, and because it ' s a party, there are some to a greater extent main character, such as: william (charlie korsmo, finally surfacing after " dick tracy " ), the nerd (and his dominions) who has come up with a ridiculous plan to publically sabotage mike, who ' s humiliated him for year, just gets too caught up in drinking to do it; kenny (seth green ), the wigger, who feature decided that this party will be where he will finally get laid (uh huh ); and denise, the only exceptional character, who unfortunately gets stuck in a bathroom (don ' t ask) with kenny where the two characters let down their graphic symbol and are allowed to follow the laws of plot cliches from point a to point b with nary a bit of characterization involved after awhile. ugh. the main comparison this picture is getting to another film is actually non " american grafitti " or " dazed and confused, " two films that embraced and ultimately made humans out of many of its high schoolers (not to mention comprise passing entertaining ), but to john hughes films of the lxxx, most notably " xvi cd. " the big difference in the two is that that film manage to not just adopt but yet satirise its main character reference, and did so equally and in an entertaining fashion. this moving picture leave to satirize its graphic symbol, and ultimately tells a story astir a bunch of uninteresting stereotypes. .. and then says that information technology ' s all okey. we buns ' t take this film badly, nor behind we take this as fun, and so really what trade good is it? simply one will tell you some things i did like: unity like the direction, except for a couple too - over - the - top feature, same way - too - glossy jump cuts (it ' s like an oxymoron) and early obscurities. generally, though, elfont and kaplan do have refined photographic camera movement, and even oversee to capture an altman - esque feel to their film from time to time (a affair with a note of hand, though, is too hokey to very be admirable ). i actually make like seth park, for once in astir a decade (when he played a real young woody allen in " radiocommunication days ") - his desintegration of his wigger theatrical role was almost believable. .. almost. and, of course, lauren saint ambrose is wonderful as denise, the one character we could have used some more of, yet though it would have exchange the entirety of the film. yet, the character of denise truly doesn ' t workplace with the film, when really suppose about. she ' s far too witty and realized (at least for the first half) to belong to in this moving picture show, and whenever she appears, she mechanically give everything a delightfully satirical tone. she ' s not just the faultfinder operating room the intellectual; she ' entropy just a very interesting character reference who offer entertainment even if it further damages other already damage character. she may ruin the picture show more, just at least when she ' s on covert we can sit up and believe to ourselves " intimately, at least we ' ll live entertained. " a couple other things that just don ' t work: mike ' s character, who suffers an epiphany throughout the film but in the end acts as though helium has forgotten everything: also a great deal the sacrificial lamb for the celluloid in general; the aimless, bitchy driving by preston to try and get over his inability to shack up with amanda - give maine a break; and perhaps the one thing that just doesn ' t work at all: jenna eflman ' s uncredited cameo as an angel - just didn ' t work, but nice try. basically the worst affair astir this film, the real cause i ' thou giving this such a low rating, is because it refuses to give us any fully realized character and then insists we follow around consummate stereotypes from other movies doing things that be inane and dissimilar anything we ' d do. we don ' t tactile property for these characters because for most of us, we aren ' t stereotypes plump done the motion to worn subplots. the acid test for eminent school movies is: does information technology at all capture the feel of what it ' s depiction? the solution for this moving picture is no. nice endeavour, though. 