equipment failure is an moderately entertaining, if underwhelming, thriller. kurt bertrand arthur william russell and kathleen quinlan run couple jeff and amy elizabeth taylor, taking the scenic route to california done redneck land. withal, while in the middle of nowhere, their jeep decides to break mastered, bequeath them stranded. a friendly truck driver, rabbit warren (walsh ), bid to grant them a lift to townspeople. although jeff rejects the offer (he wants to stay with his railroad car ), amy agrees, hops into warren ' s camion, and quick disappears. jeff wonders where the hades she is, and when he later get up with warren and warren says helium has never see amy in his life, the patch thickens and jeff goes on a chase to find his wife. although comparisons force out be made with this moving picture show to deliverance (1972) and the vanishing (1993) secret plan wise, the latter ii be far superior character and script wise. kurt russell live o. k as jeff, although he can seemingly only pull of one formulation, which follow angry. throughout the unhurt picture, atomic number 2 looks angry (or just make water off. ) quinlan is o. super c again, but again she lavatory only pull turned one verbalism, which is looking dorky. throughout the whole film, she look dorky. watt second. t walsh (who, sadly, recently pass off) is hunky dory as warren (world health organization we soon find out is a kidnapper) although his genuine character is pretty weak, and non very menace enough. the support cast do their best aswell, with rex linn as a doubting sheriff, and the former kidnappers. the story, written by first - timer jonathan mostow (world health organization likewise directs) is o. k, if surprisingly familiar and sometimes extraordinarily stupid. some of the thing the characters coif in this movie is beyond the bounds of amentia. there are some fault with the game also, as the characters do the complete opposite to logical (presumably to keep the account ' excite ') and also the fact that the story just isn ' thyroxin strong enough to keep up the audience ' s attention. the picture impress along very easy also. it most threaten to drop dead. the picture does pick up towards the end, but by so it ' s too later. mostow directs the action mechanism sequences well enough, yet. the pic doesn ' t really make out to a satisfying decision, either. the cease attempt to be bleak, but just comes off annoying. breakdown could of been a far more pleasurable video make it had a stronger cast and conductor. instead, it scarcely turns out to be only medium. a lost opportunity. overall rating = revaluation by david wilcock 