in that location ' s a picture early on in " jawbreaker " where a part utters the unintentionally prophetic rail line, " that be * hence * not funny ". how correct she was. this misfortunate tale of three gamy - schoolers who accidentally down their best friend in a natal day kidnapping clowning snuff it horribly awry is never yet remotely funny. beaver state fun. or original. not content with the too - obvious " heathers " heisting, the film producer proceed to lift freely from a stupefying variety of source, admit " carrie ", " bride of frankenstein ", " blue velvet ", and even shaw ' reciprocal ohm pygmalion, itself recently redo as " she ' s altogether that ". " jawbreaker " be a pastiche, and non even an enjoyable ane. i notice information technology passing telling that the most engaging part of the film is the credit sequence, a jawbreaker factory montage inexplicably backed by veruca salinity ' s " volcano girl "; serving as a blueprint for the rest of the film, the strain has absolutely nothing to do with the footage we ' re watching. but nigh your eye and pretend you ' re listening to an alt - rock post; you won ' t be leave out anything. the incrimination for a muss this big has to be spread around among the principals. rebecca gayheart, following role in " scream 2 " and " urban legend ", should have know better than to take yet another theatrical role in yet another teen consistency count moving picture. pam grier has wholly wasted any credibility she mightiness hold aim from her role in quentin quentin jerome tarantino ' s " jackie robert brown ". and rose mcgowan should just quit play. she has no personal appeal, no presence, and no dissemble skills former than wander her eyes and looking disaffected. mcgowan manages to be upstaged by her real - sprightliness swain, rock 'n' roll musician marilyn sir patrick manson, whose fifteen second office here constitute far more interesting than anything any of the " real " actors are do. sir patrick manson, sans trademark makeup & contact lenses, and with an evidently fake moustache, looks spookily alike nicholas cage; who woulda thunk information technology? that crack astir direction by commission wasn ' t merely a pithy sound - bite. stylistically, thematically & narratively, " jawbreaker " is all ended the map, alter wildly in pure tone & subject from picture to scene. though credit solely to writer / director darren stein, i have the feeling that no ii shot hither were in reality guided by the same hand. if stein was so responsible for the whole of this atrocity, somebody needs to amaze the human being some drugs, pronto. fluoxetine hydrocholoride, lithium, kavakava, ritalin, something, anything. helium ' s quite obviously in heroic need of chemical help. " jawbreaker " be a massive barren of effort and resources, and quite likely one of the undivided worst films i ' ve ever ascertain. to call " jawbreaker " scraps would be to affront garbage. bad flicks for the balance of the year are safe; iodin ' ve already fetch my pick for high risk film of ' 99. " jawbreaker " runs approximately xc moment, though it feels foresightful than " titanic ", and be snitch gas constant for language, sexual situations and graphic fury. non recommended for kid, adolescent, or anyone else. 