on that point may not live a critic alive world health organization harbors as much affection for shlock monster movies as one perform. i enjoy in the sneaky - smart amusement of daffo underwood ' s big - underground - worm yarn tremor; i even titter at last year ' atomic number 16 critically - savaged big - underwater - snake in the grass yarn anaconda. something astir these films make me to lower my inhibition and return to the saturday afternoons of my youth, spent in the company of ghidrah, the tool from the black lagoon and the blob. deep rising, a openhanded - undersea - snake narration, doesn ' t quite an pass off the test. sure plenty, all the modern monster movie factor constitute in place: a prominently multi - ethnic / multi - national aggregation of decoy. .. excuse maine, character; an stray positioning, here a derelict cruise ship in the south china ocean; some funny relief; a few cgi - enhanced gross - outs; and at least one full grown explosion. there are too - cheesy - to - be - accidental component, like a sleazy shipping magnate (anthony heald) who also appears to have a doctorate in nautical biology, or a slinky international gem thief (famke janssen) whose white hot cotton tank top hides a heart of gold. as it happens, deep rising be noteworthy in the first place for the mechanical way in which it spits kayoed all those ingredients. a terrorist crew, led by squinty - eyed worldly minded hanoverian line (wes studi) and piloted by squinty - eyed sauceboat captain finnegan (treat hiram williams ), shows up to rifle the cruise ship; the sea monsters indicate up to run through the mercenary crew; a few survivors make information technology to the closing credits. and up go the lights. it ' s hard to work upwards much ebullience for this sort of joyless film - fashioning, especially when a monster moview should get to you laugh every metre it take you sidesplitter. here, the gag are supply almost only by kevin j. o ' connor, generally amuse as the crew ' due south fraidy - cat mechanic. writer / director stephen sommers seems nearly implicated with produce a tone of action - horror menace - - something ended - dwell with panel - drenched in skeletons, something where the gunshot and special effects are taken a bit too earnestly. bass rising be missing that one unmistakable cue that we ' rhenium carry to birth a ludicrous good time, not hide our eyes. case information technology point, comparing deep rising to information technology recent cousin eunectes murinus. in deep rising, one of the creature ' sulphur victims is regurgitated backward into scene, partially digest and even so alive. he shrill in horror at his freakish appearance and pain, in a moment a bit overly disturb to comprise laughable. in eunectes murinus, we also see a regurgitated victim, part digested and yet alive. he expect at another character. .. and wink. piss no mistake, deep rising has anaconda beat all to heck when it come to technological proficiency and tempo. it ' entropy too gloomy, uninspired and not closely enough fun. ane don ' t ask much of my monster movies, but i do require that they act like demon movie. you get into ' t birth to show maine a fantastically telling, massive beast with tentacles a - flailing. barely render pine tree state the massive beast burping, and i ' ll figure you get the degree. 