looking! the new reading of " psycho " came out and the world didn ' t destruction! i surmise gus avant garde sant really isn ' t the bringer of the apocalypse! alas, though, that " psycho " didn ' t end the macrocosm as we recognize is the best thing that canful be said for it. caravan sant ' s controversial " re - severalize " of alfred hitchcock ' s classic 1960 moving picture has polarized filmgoers everyplace (even before information technology premier. ) without welfare of an literal viewing, many have say that the film leave, at well, suck. make up an (almost) upright critic, i waited until 1 actually see it to decide that the film, at best, go down on (and that concludes the utilisation of the word " suck " and, hopefully, the idea that i am a brain - dead orangutan. ) theater director gus new wave sant took the original alfred joseph hitchcock film and refilmed it, shot - for - scene, utilise the like, precise script (with a few underage alterations. ) the inherent challenge personify in get to the film suspenseful and scary, yet though a large group of the audience will know exactly what leave happen at the precise time. suspense probably could have been attained if the actors have been able to create something new oregon different than the original. sadly, that did non pass off. it is operose to be shadow by vera miles and john gavin (from the original " psycho ), but that is what exactly happened to julianne moore and viggo mortensen. in moore ' s case, the pic would have been help if " the tenner - files " gillian anderson had equal cast instead; specially since dudley stuart john moore goes through the entire film doing a scully impression! from the cold conduct and expressions to her rigid way of forge a sentence, moore is scully! mortensen (who i like in " g. iodine. jane ") choose to diddle sam loomis as a cowboy / hick, which would have follow nice if he had gone retiring that start up point. sam has a twang and a cowboy hat, but that ' randomness astir it. mortensen turns in one of the near uptight performance in recent memory. anne heche, in the janet leigh office, does a few effective things in her brief meter on screen. at least her marion crane has a little spirit in her, which fundament ' t be said for most of the balance of the mold. the best piece of work, though, come from vince vaughn, as the demented mommy ' s male child, norman bates. helium ' s not going to make anyone forget anthony perkins, just atomic number 2 comprise efficient both in being naughty and nice. the best part of the film is the dinner scene heche and vaughn, where they just verbalise. on that point is some self coloured acting there, something that be non carried through the balance of the film. van sant take in make a boring film. all the camera fob that hitchcock so eloquently use in 1960 aren ' t as centre - catching instantly. what turn over for genius so has be copy so many times by so many directors that they don ' t impress or excite. van sant, in what i assume make up a compass at originality, decide to put some stream - of - cognizance images into a few far famed scenes (be that a lamb in the middle of the road? ) these double, included with some confutative editing selection, took aside from the scene themselves and caused, at beginning, bewilderment and, afterwards, laughter. definitely non hitchcock ' s intention! at least danny elfman had the sound sense to not mess with bernard herrmann ' s original famous and grand score. if a film like " psychotic person " do not affright, and then what ' s the point. aside from norman, the characters are thin drawn people who allow no connection with the hearing. there are thing van sant and company could have done to at least make their recreation interesting. in the end, notwithstanding, the new " psychotic " constitute a imposing endeavor, but, alas, a dismal nonstarter. 