birdsong " hush " " catch or my mom will belt down. " or " mommy fearest. " or " the helping hand that overcharge the cradle. " call it whatever you want, only certainly don ' t see information technology unless you ' re in desperate motive of a bad movie - induced chuckle - - " hush " stacks so many unintentional belly laugh that it almost characterise as a guilty pleasure. chalk it losses up to frequent foolishness lapses and apparent post - production tinkering (it exist suppose to open astir a year ago ), the latter of which appears to hold given " hush " a send - off that ' s downright infuriating. it ' s too bad that " hush " is so funny, because the on - silver screen talent - - including the pairing of gwyneth paltrow and jessica dorothea lange - - embody zero to laugh at. paltrow and johnathon schaech play helen and jackson, a photogenic new house of york duet on their style to expend christmas vacation at his wealthy, well - to - do family ' s horse farm / estate kilronan. jackson ' s female parent martha (lange) runs kilronan all by herself, and her genteel southern hospitality makes helen feel welcome immediately - - yet if her first meeting with martha takes place while helen of troy be in the altogether, caught red - handed after a bedroom romp with her husband - to - be. but it appear that martha ' sec friendly smile masquerade party a practically to a greater extent threatening behaviour; she ' s what you ' d call someone who sleep together too much. martha thirstily, deviously wants a grandchild, and then helen volition exist expendable, as far as she ' southward concerned. if there ' reciprocal ohm one rationality to get " hush, " information technology ' s lange. she treat the prosy screenplay better than it deserves to be treated, injecting martha (poorly written though she english hawthorn make up) with a slight empathy to level taboo the psycho - playacting field. when she delves into martha ' s dark side, predictable cliches - - chain - smoking, staring in mirrors, praying in a confessional to a priest who isn ' t there, poking a fix in helen ' s diaphragm so she ' ll become pregnant (and she does) - - abound, but it ' s moderately entertaining junk because lange is such an interesting actress to observe. veteran performing artist nina foch be smart and tart as jackson ' s wheelchair - bound maternal grandmother. the eternal sleep of the mould looks ill and uncomfortable, especially paltrow. but can you really charge them? the graphic symbol relationship in " hush " hold a certain amount of promise, at least until their psychological impact is blown verboten of the h2o by sheer stupidity. imbecilic berth (martha yells at a nearby gymnastic horse so it will bolt up and knock helen terminated) compliment imbecilic dialogue (" wherefore did you scream? " helen of troy yells back at martha ), and the film acquire the form of one of the shoddier fill in the blank - from - hell flick of all time made. you tooshie see through a great deal of martha ' s actions and lies from their conception; wherefore fare the great unwashed who receive known this woman for years longer than we own never figure things away? does cipher communicate or interpret the paper in this town? if any of her potential victim recall, acted or behaved like normal people, " still " would be a really forgetful moving picture show. and then thither ' s the climax and ending, which abruptly come in when helen begin having condensation after eating some irish punt cake spiked with a labor - inducing drug normally habituate on horses. after a really weird chase scene, martha calmly knits in a rocking chairperson while force helen to feed parentage in a bed all by herself. i won ' t spoilage what happens future except to say that it ' s contradictory, illogical and (probably, since single ' thousand no doctor) medically unacceptable. the concluding shot offer no closure, no resolution, no confrontation whatsoever. it ' s precisely in that location, dangling amidst silent displeasure. no single should like this ending, regardless of their feelings on the preceding cloth. perhaps " hush " ' s championship is a plea to shut up its audience ' reciprocal ohm potential bitter word of mouth while buy the farm the theatre. 