are you like me? do you get annoyed reckon hoi polloi tattle on their cellulars in public places, shouting out loud, not throw a ratt ' s ass about anyone around them, and basically just billow in their own ego - importance? comfortably if you are, than you testament most likely agree with my evaluation of this film since it essentially features a trio of annoying ladies bickering away on the phone for an hour and a one half. .. only to urinate up and clinch in the end. aaaaaaaahhhh. .. game: three grown - astir babe living their ain separate lives, begin to re - establish their communication origin when their dear honest to god pa falls ill. critique: this would be a good movie if information technology wasn ' t for the fact that it ' s take very little to say, features uncaring masses sharing annoying phone conversation, is chockfull of bad acting moments and furnish less emotional satisfaction than any third - rate after - school special. and i ' m equal nice! how junk like this gets stimulate is beyond me, but happy am unity that the ephron sisters volition last be cover a professional blow, consider the regurgitation level of their material had just about pass on its limit. the only straight emotional moment demonstrate between meg ryan ' s character and her dad in this film is when atomic number 2 hugs her and swings her or so at a christmas tree lot. wow. .. how trench. of course, the like christmas air that ' s play in every ephron flick chime knocked out in the backdrop, while characters continue to build " bonds " among 1 another by making character reference to old, quaint movies or movie stars. quit me. .. i ' grand gonna battle cry again! this film equal a mess. the characters are boring and irritating to take in, the plot have something to do with three selfish sisters talking on the phone a whole lot, kind of liking their father (but not rattling) and then last realizing the error of their ways, while sharing an " emotional " moment about motion picture stars from the 50s. avowedly, one was not expecting much from a film whose video trailer features meg ryan screaming every two seconds and a big click rolling its eyes, merely even i be storm at the level of ineptitude when it came to some of the acting exertion put forth in this film. meg did fine as the sister world health organization cries a wad, looking as adorable as ever, merely someone please put lisa kudrow inside a permanent home of special range, movement this woman basically personify that very same quality that she plays in every single film / tv show that she ' s in. adequate already! and diane keaton must ' ve pass more than time think astir her role behind the camera in this one, cause her acting was amateur at best. neither one convert in " aroused " scenes. granted, they gave bruno walter matthau the best product line in the film and that ' second probably where my rating of three points come from. all in all, this moving picture show is not amusing (unless you ' re nonpareil to chuckle at train wrecks ), provides zero drama (unless you consider loud headphone conversations moving ), generates absolutely no emotion (although i cause shoot down up when meg hugged a umber machine) and terminate on a perfectly pretentious note (" oh no, please don ' t get any flour on my donna karan dress! ). ugh. ace indicate that all ladies take their husbands / fellow to see this movie if they exist piss off at them about something! that ' ll edward teach ' em to mess with you! oh and incidentally, mrs. joblo also liken this motion picture show to a musical composition of cow dung flailing in the wind, so there! then over again. .. maybe you ' ll like information technology. : ) 