all right, all right, we get the compass point: despite all similarity to the best - selling story, speechless be * non * based on the romance between 1992 presidential campaign competitor james carville and mary matalin. in fact, the script be in development advantageously before 1992. still, the comparison be inevitable, until one substantiate a critical conflict. no, it ' s not that the speechless duad are speech writer, not crusade managers; it ' s that carville and matalin ' s story is in reality interesting. speechless embody a hobble, poorly structured would - equal romantic comedy. speechless is set during a young united mexican states senatorial cause, where kevin vallick (michael keaton) and julia mann (geena miles davis) meet and get romantic one nox when neither one can slumber. what neither one realizes be that they cost on opposite sides of the campaign: kevin be a sit - com author brought in to punch up the republican candidate ' s lecture, while julia is the chief address writer for the democratic campaigner. at first each one trust that the other has an ulterior motive for the family relationship, simply eventually they let down their sentry duty and go nigh. but there be plent of obstacles in the way, including julia ' s scantling - reporter fiance (christopher reeve) and a series of stunts which carry on to prove that all ' s fair in passion and political sympathies. the standard recipe for a motion picture like speechless would cause the two principles part out as opposer and realize only at the end that they ' re crazy about each other. film writer robert king altogether subverts expectation by throwing kevin and julia into each other ' s arms in the first fifteen second, then developing the hostility. it ' s a stately attempt to sway affair up, but unfortunately it scarcely doesn ' t workplace. portion of the fun of watching sparring in a romantic comedy come from recognizing the chemistry even before the characters do, but in speechless they already know they ' re attracted to each other, and we ' re result with wait for the campaign to end so they ' ll let in that they love each other already. there is such a herky - jerky feel to the ceaseless squabble and take a leak up that even king ' s sharp dialog behind ' t prevent speechless from becoming repetitive after about one half an hour. inconsistency personify also the defining characteristic of the operation of geena davis and michael joseph francis keaton, and with those performances most of their setting together. the problems start out with their initial wooing, which does virtually nothing to give julia ' s character and merely establishes that kevin is a sassy - piece of ass. miles davis be radiantly beautiful, and keaton represent generally entertaining, just these character are so plastic that nothing that happens to them seems to matter one bit. in a couple of scene, similar a quiet moment sit down at a fountain, they actually achieve some measure of connexion. for the most division, notwithstanding, they ' re just actors spout line. you keep waiting for a little spark, and it ne'er happens. possibly most disappointing exist that king and film director ron underwood completely rot their premise by murder all the punch from speechless ' s political relation. the setting seems perfect for a gamy - energy struggle of the sexes with partisanship thrown into the mix, but that ' s ne'er the timber that underwood exist start for. he wants a warm, fuzzy love affair compatible with marc shaiman ' entropy flute - and - winding musical sexual conquest, and the campaign which should have define the conflict between kevin and julia fades into the background. it power equally well have be a tale about rival grocers, and every single fictional character is astir as uninventive as he or she could possibly be. i was about the only reader in the civilized humans who seemed to revel robert king ' s previous screenplay, the dana carvey flop clean slate, so 1 get some hope for speechless. only while there is wit in the words, this follow a script which was probably much well on newspaper publisher. on projection screen, it ' due south still paper thin. 