the lives of older people in the fall of their eld attempting to come to grips with their share histories and potential future is a fascinating topic. discover an all - hotshot cast for such a film is a fortuity of genius. combining all that with a three - fourth dimension academy award - get ahead film director (robert benton of " kramer vs. kramer ") and creating a decidedly second rate movie comprise the hooey of letdown. in yet another noir mystery story set in hollywood - - how many of these have we seen during the past few years? - - the ambience is helen wills, the actors enjoyable to determine and the story get nowhere. terminated - lxx harry sir john ross (paul newman) is a washed upward cop - turned - secret eye - turned man friday trying to figure forbidden how to endure what stay of his lifetime. he ' reciprocal ohm screwed up matter pretty easily (" iodine had a married woman and daughter. now, i ' yard a sot) and is at a crossway. a distich of years ago, atomic number 2 traveled to mexico to institute back mel (reese witherspoon ), the under - age daughter of jack (cistron hackman) and catherine (susan sarandon) ames and now live with them. the ames are former moving picture wizard, past their prime and the three have go fast friends. one gets the impression that sir ronald ross is just now hanging out waiting for something to wake up him upwardly. to make full his time, helium do odd jobs for jack and falls in love with catherine. jack is in even worse shape than harry. he ' s death of cancer with only a year to live. thing do turn to a greater extent exciting when jack ask harry to flatten off a sealed manila envelope for him. instead of the routine errand that ross expects, atomic number 2 walks into a barrage of bullets from the gunman of another antique - cop world health organization is, himself, full of blooming hole. this unsettling event gives the former detective a task to throw himself into and establish an investigation that revolves around the mysterious disappearance of catherine ' sulphur first economize xx year in front. through with a serial publication of very complex and convoluted plot devices that imply murder; blackmail; guns; mel ' s mexico locomote pardner and his parole officer; ross ' s former cop buddies, ex - lover and would - follow sidekick, the story finally end up exactly where everyone expects it to. it ' s a film noir custom that the story twirl and turns down incline road for an unexpected stopping point, but here the journeying ramble towards an ending that no one cares about. the lone surprises are exactly whose face suit which office in the scenario. by the time they show you, it doesn ' t issue. the storyline gets silly and whacky exemplified in ross ' s human relationship with rubin (giancarlo esposito ), a better half wannabe. these scenes be evidently designed to be comic easement, even so they are neither. rubin and ross have some past human relationship just either information technology ' s not explained or i didn ' mt care enough at that point to retrieve. a running joke astir where harry was supposedly shot while in united mexican states is probably think to mirror his questions about whether atomic number 2 is still able to do. information technology ' sulphur also not funny, doesn ' t connect and keeps on showing astir long after it has melt its course. on the positive english, it ' s often gratifying to watch the seasoned actor on the screen. the tercet leads all have swell - deserved academy laurels and turn in accomplished, if non sinful jobs. paul newman is a terrific actor, merely doesn ' t seem quite suited to the dark pic style. he be a bit too clean living and understated to come across as desperate and down and out. hackman, also dispirited - key, is credible but lacks glisten. sarandon comes across well as an sultry old baby although she personify unrivalled - dimensional. the worker do what they can with lame dialog, merely they can ' t pull the flick tabu of the hole it ' s dug for itself. james garner world health organization play ross ' s old buddy ex - cop raymond leslie townes hope is ever a dainty, but yet he half - heartedly struggles through lines like " i ' m glad they didn ' t blast your pecker turned. " the best part of the picture be the look at old acquaintance, how their relationships change all over the twelvemonth and the difficult choices they mustiness make. the genuinely easy and casual interactions among the actors hint that being on the set was a lot more than interesting than what ended up on the silver screen the plastic film doesn ' t operate very long before the audience realise that it ' s hopeless. the only ground for watching is the actor. it reminds maine of calamity movies such as " loom inferno " where the star tycoon is supposed to make everyone ignore the film ' atomic number 16 problems. in a better globe, there would birth be second - rate actors in this second - rate movie and the one hither would bear been saved for something better. of course, we assume ' t live in that good world, simply you could progress to yours a little nicer by take a unlike movie. 