i ' ll bet right now you ' re just lounging by the puddle, buzz " 1 testament always eff you " and wistfully recalling your candle flame dinners with success. information technology isn ' t inevitably over for you: i say you yet possess enough charm that you could avoid starring in " kevin! " for at least a few more than years. menachem begin by scrabble " the star that burn doubly as bright burns one half as long " someplace you ' ll always see it, perhaps on the fridge door, operating theater on a bedroom mirror with lip rouge. you had a heck of a matter go away at that place until you agreed to star in robin hood: prince of thieves, where you were not but upstaged by powerhouses morgan freeman and alan rickman, but christian slater (! ), several dozen tall trees, bows, arrows, and a canoe, overly. after dancing with wolves and jfk, you decided the world demand to a greater extent three hour movies, expensive three hour movies, so you starred in and produced wyatt earp; sir thomas wyat earp the man was a boring idiot who made the history books solely due to a general deficiency of famous wyatts. wyatt earp follow so slow a cowboy that helium die of natural causes. tombstone follow a vastly superior movie based on the like legend, and that boast kurt russell as earp and dana delaney as his girlfriend! ( she be play by joanna go in your movie - you know, the case fuck best in wyatt earp as " jew lady of pleasure ". what were you and lawrence kasdan thinking? ) directly, you ' re suffer the demise of yet another of your epic, the postman, a picture hence financially disastrous that information technology all but eradicated the memory waterworld ' s and tin cup ' sulfur mildly lucrative box authority takes. the mailman equal non the worst movie ever made - people in hollywood live straightaway to bury movies like howard the duck whenever the adjacent dud comes along. still it constitute a ridiculous movie. i suspect you call back you had another braveheart on your hands - why else crinkle up ii armies on horesback, all prepared for battle, for the coming of your film? - but " mailheart " the mailman is non. ( 1 can retrieve of some more appropriate alternate titles: station encounters of the risky kind; farewell, my salary; howard the postman; the postman ' due south never ascertain twice. .. ) what a brownish movie. i hate embrown. you love brown. dances with wolves be golden and brown - information technology looked same an eggo commercial. the postman hold me running for a methedrine of body of water every two minutes; would the post - apocalyptic earth feel this maddeningly bland and dry? what exactly occur to this desert world, at any rate? did we all become so stupefied that we didn ' t at once commence rebuilding family, restaurants, and most importantly, buy at shopping centre, after " the state of war "? wherefore arrange you choose to drive the movie ' s plot of land with a dumb group of terrorists who, well, terrorize townfolk across america? wherefore is it only * they * have ammunition, anyways? was it very appropriate to cast your girl as a girl who has a odoriferous crush on you, the floater - cum - carrier? why casting english actress olivia williams as an american? father ' t you agnize that european women sack only if deliver their big emotional scenes in their aboriginal accent? ( take a look at the less - than - stellar performances of an american - ized nicole kidman surgery an american - ized minnie driver. ) who could give a shucks whether you lived or died at the remainder of this movie? if it come downwardly to a conflict for leading between you and the leader of the terrorists, why didn ' t you dress that halfway through the motion picture and deliver us all a lot of headaches? why cast will patton as the bad guy wire? because you worked with him in no way taboo? surely, he ' s a suitably creepy scoundrel; know why? because helium ' s creepy in everything, including armageddon, in which he plays a heroic astronaut who practically slithers into his space suit! why heroize the about demonic institution in united states of america, the u. s. postal scheme? was tom petty supposed to be playing tom petit larceny? if thence, why didn ' tonne he attend more skeletal? ( helium should have been around lxx years honest to goodness. ) why, oh why, make out i cause and then many questions? ( i could ask plenty to a greater extent. ) shouldn ' t a deuce ace minute run time get provided you enough space to answer everything? you have one bully line in this film, and you render information technology to a mule!: " the thing i like astir my ass. .. " i have to wonder. actually, i enjoyed the tone of the possibility scenes, a relaxed cynicism, if you ' ll accept such unwieldy phrasing - also sorry you couldn ' t resist the temptation to film so far another love letter to your land. finally, i ' m saying relax. there is no quota, no motive for you to make a picture a yr. settle fine tune. really question future screenplay before you commit to them. experience free to write back. iodin know how much you like varsity letter. 