as a hot - shot defense lawyer, kevin lomax (keanu reef) take in a special talent for picking juries that will ultimately deport his clients. atomic number 2 is too an first class judge of eccentric, screw just which strings to rend to sway the jury while break down a potentially damaging witness ' s testimonial. and, on top of that, helium ' s a hoot good trial lawyer. in the orifice scene, it is obvious that the defendant that atomic number 2 represent cost shamefaced, but it doesn ' t hamper lomax ' mho desire to creatively squeeze his client through the doors of reasonable doubt, thereby getting an acquittal. his unblemished phonograph recording of triumph presently captures the attention of one of the most esteemed firms in the country, headed by lavatory john milton (al pacino ). he be brought to their headquarters in nyc, where he directly ingrain milton, and be afterward offered a full - time position as promontory of their new - created deplorable law division. lomax be shortly given the suit of his life. he must guard a literal land tycoon who has been shoot with a triple homicide. the draw of fame and his desire to prove just how unspoilt he real be begins to isolate him in his own hell. he works recently, defends the guilty, pledge his soulfulness to his firm, and begin to neglect his smart just fretful married woman, mary ann (charlize theron ). but what start off as a promising john grisham - like story about sense of right and wrong - stricken lawyers accept an abrupt roundabout way as supernatural forces set out to tinker with the story. it begins alike a typical parable where a little - township boy makes it big, but and so take to balance his gumption of ego against the temptingness of money, mogul, and greed. but milton is far more than than just a corrupt partner of the house. quite literally, he equal the devil in camouflage, and as the movie progresses, he break some uncanny endowment that one could have only if he get sold his somebody long ago. freaky and frightening things begin to happen, and after much of the moving picture has elasped, milton ' s appall intent is at last bring out. the movie try to give us two separate and clear cut enactment. the first involve the comeuppance of lomax as a big - metropolis tribulation lawyer. the second focus on milton and his subterraneous motive for employing lomax. unfortunately, the 2 ne'er mix well into a cohesive story, and what we get are two underdeveloped fib that swear overly practically on one shaky revelation to tie them together and an impressive product piece to give it an underlying ambiance. grant, the film is really well favored - looking. you ' ll enjoy the final vista where the wall mural seemingly come to life during a heated spoken communication give by pacino. you ' ll too similar the images of power and enticement expressed through the fleshy and flashy parties. you ' ll also feel the lonesomeness and insanity that sets in with mary ann, knowing that her husband be lento drifting away. this was one of the better storylines, simply unfortunately, is entirely a sub - plot of land. as with all thing ' mho involving the devil, you can anticipate zilch but the worst. in the 1st few scenes, reeves backbone the film, merely and so slowly drifts into the screen background. his path from self - vanity to self - awareness is never fully explore. his activity seem arbitrary, and his reasons for them not fully jazz. pacino ' s mirthful portrayal is spirited, just the vanity of his character begins to wobble the focus of the movie. there is another patch or 2 that is premise, but never obtain revisited. the focus seemed inconsistent throughout, and the final return appear prompt and cheap. this movie tries to cost horrifying, shudder, and spectacular all at the like time. even so, while the devil ' s advocate strives to catch noticed, ultimately it makes rattling niggling impression at all. 