substantially there goes another one. deplorably this like other movies this year wasn ' t well. this nonpareil being virtually as bad as ' the omega code ' but non rather. from the chess opening credits i had a good feeling this would represent bad, and well i shot i was mightily. with speculative excuse for play, a horrible screenplay and straight - out high risk direction ' the bachelor ' is a terribly unfunny movie that doesn ' t piece of work on any levels take that fact that rene zellwegar who does give a respectable operation. the two cameos by rupert brooke shields and mariah carey be besides good with brooke being the best. the moving picture show live ail from the start because chris o ' donnell be tremendously miscast and gives one of the worst performances to date. here is the dazed plot: chris o ' donnell plays jimmie shelton a humankind who have just broken upwards with his lady friend, he meet anne (rene zellwegar) they instantly hit information technology off and are together for three geezerhood. jimmie settle that he wants to impart their relationship a little bit up. helium really doesn ' t realize that anne thinks he wants to espouse her (what he want 1 never did catch ). so he proposes in a really regretful way, and she shoot him low and is really mad. he of course of instruction tries to apologize only cipher seems to help any. and so his gramps die and he learns that he has leave jimmie 100 gazillion dollars. .. . as long as he marry before the following mean solar day at sextuplet: 05 pm. now jimmie moldiness find anne and try to marry her to get the money and because he have intercourse her, or get tie to someone else to get the money itself, leading to an un - funny and predictable ending that go away a bad taste in our backtalk. ok so maybe this could equal single of the dumbest, cliched, cockamamie romantic comedy to appointment that take in no real big laugh. still the supporting roles of artie lange, hal holbrook and ed anser aren ' t even good. the secret plan was a honorable idea, merely the script would get to have been written in less than five minutes and by a five twelvemonth old. the jerky dialogue and bad directing don ' t help affair any. even though chris o ' donnell gave an o.k. public presentation in the two batman pic, he does not give still a remotely good operating theater funny performance here and i wanted to hiss and throw my pop at the concealment to father rid of him. rene zelweggar is a different story and devote a charming, sweet and likeable performance (as common) and actually make up the only thing that save this confused film from equal a entire huge washout. her sister play by marley shelton is also respectable and the two possess good chemistry onscreen. brooke shields shew up in a fishy little functioning as a braggy - headed moghul who after a while became routine and previous. one really can ' t service but think that we have learn this stuff before. information technology ' s non same this is an original idea and in the end, everyone have a go at it what cost going to happen due do its cliches and typicalness. ' the bachelor ' works on no respectable levels and in fact doesn ' t work at all. ed anser and hal holbrook were wasted in terrible roles and mariah carey can not act to save her individual, and this could be the only pic of her flick life history dispite her terrifying music career. chris o ' donnell be non as bad an actor as casper van dien merely that is not saying a great business deal. he seems held back and in truth doesn ' t get into his character much and after even the foremost 30 minutes mother annoying and honest to god. artie dorothea lange just to me seems like he is trying to another chris farley and was altogether unfunny and un - nerving. wherefore the filmmakers would require to waste such a form in such a bad movie, with such bad playacting and dialog is a question but they will know. maybe they thought it would go a hit operating room a decisive success, and sometimes i don ' t harmonise with former critics on movies, even from the trailers for this film they made it wait speculative and showed all the mildly funny division. its base on the 1925 silent movie ' seven chances ' which i am certain is very better than this pickle. even though some whitethorn opine of this as a good date movie, most who see this testament require to pull verboten thier hairsbreadth and scream for thier money back. besides be a terrible moving picture show, ' the bachelor ' is considerably a terrible motion picture show. information technology has cipher worth recommending therefore i rattling can ' t recommend this movie. 1 did not have a good time and i laughed only trey sentence. the running time of the picture cost 106 minutes which be wayyyy over time and penury to be shorten at least thirty minutes. parts of information technology seems to break on forever and parts of seem to non last enough clip. personify ane of the worst movies of the year, we can be sure that i go for they will not make anymore stupid unfunny romanticist comedies, and if they do they i give improving on filmmakers. 