if you ' ve been follow william fichtner ' s career (and there ' s absolutely no reason why you should have ), you mightiness have noticed that he ' s played some sooner similar roles over the twelvemonth. like sully in " the perfect storm " - - toughened, husky, and a piffling routine scarey. operating room law of nature in " albino alligator " - - tough, crusty, and little bit scarier. oregon colonel william sharp in " armageddon, " oregon dwayne engelman in " strange days, " or even his legal brief show towards the beginning of " bone harbor, " as the abusive father of danny - - here is an doer world health organization gravitates towards tough, gruff, hard - hitting roles. which is wherefore his carrying into action in " what ' s the worst that could find? " is such a shock, such a delight. in the film, fichtner play a blond haired, meticulously dressed, overtly effeminate, dog - sleep with detective. as alex tardio, fichtner ' s performance borders on imitation but go beyond it. information technology adjoin on violative but doesn ' t really manage it. and it borders on clich? d stereotype but doesn ' t quite a succumb to that definition either. in a function so diametrically opposed to what the worker has played before we should have seen it coming, fichtner isn ' t hone - - you can see him struggling a little at times, concentrating a little too hard on the look as atomic number 2 swishes his hand through the air, or nestle a coiffed canine up close and personal - - merely he ' s pretty imprecate good, and silly, and without interrogative the best thing in the plastic film. in fact, had information technology not be for fitchner ' s sudden and bizarre appearing, and his jarring screen presence thenceforth, i would have walked out, for " what ' s the worst that could happen? " make up mesmerizing in information technology awfulness, a poorly written, haphazardly redact, and totally unfunny (yes, information technology stars martin lawrence and danny devito so how could that constitute possible? ) moviegoing experience. fichtner ' s performance doesn ' liothyronine precisely preserve the film, and information technology ' s non corresponding i ' m recommending " what ' s the worst that could happen? " only on the military posture of the actor ' s dramatic turnabout, just his contributions coif enkindle the film ' s rating from no stars to one - and - a - one half. thumb astir to fichtner and so, and thumbs down - - way of life, way, downward - - to everyone else involved in this sorry mess, a pic so dull and pedestrian and nonsensical it doesn ' t even warrant discussion. 