ane preceptor ' t appreciate information technology when a thriller manipulates the witness into thinking the plot of land is interesting, when in fact it ' s ridiculous. in the caseful of the general ' atomic number 16 girl, the plot is more than than capable of intriguing you to a sure point. but at this juncture in the narration, the pic start to fall aside like a crumbling cookie. this predictable summer thriller is only sporadically involving, and that is alas non plenty to even off for all of it ' s detailed flaw. get past one moment early on where st. john the apostle travolta exercises his southern accent, and you ' re likely to survive this entire film. travolta play felonious investigations division policeman paul brenner, world health organization ' s working undercover at a military base when another berth arises: the apparent colza and execution of a young female officer (leslie stefanson ). it turns out that the victim be the girl of universal joe campbell (james cromwell ). let the investigation menachem begin. with the help of fellow criminal investigation command investigator sarah sunhill (played sort of on - the - sideline by madeleine stowe ), brenner uncovers what appears to be an intricate and bizarre homicide case. thing begin to get marginally engrossing when we run across colonel moore (james woods ), a former command military officer of the go who bear a few secrets up his sleeve. wood submits another prospect - steal performance here as he oozes authority, surrounded by clouds of smoke let loose from his cigar. with echoes of his supporting role in true criminal offense, in which atomic number 2 duked information technology out with clint eastwood in enjoyably profane verbal exchanges, atomic number 2 makes every minute believable. here though, the intense dialogue come care of opposition with travolta, as the two send mindful, knowing glares across the way. there be many scenes such as this in the general ' reciprocal ohm daughter, in which the veteran cast performs splendidly under pressure, simply the circumstances that tie these meeting together be unmanageable to steep. managing director simon dame rebecca west (con air ), shows a watchful eye of delivering a stylish look thriller, but he fails miserably when it get along to the intellectual part of it. the general ' s daughter be, to a greater extent a great deal than not, a predictable and unstimulating mess. it make not facilitate affair that the plot is most actionless, dragging information technology ' s heels completely the way at a mind - numbing snails pace. a few abbreviated action fit, marvelously handled in the redaction department, shew that the motion picture could have delivered such a more proficient package. from a director who do such a peachy job of staging burst and miraculous stunts, i suggest west should deposit with mindless, pull - roaring action features and attempt to avoid future projects same this. still, the movie is certainly non without information technology ' s merits. the playing is very good from the absolute majority of the experienced form. the performances range from commanding (travolta) to electric (mrs. henry wood) to stiff - as - a - board (cromwell, who doesn ' t appearance off his substantial talents hither ). madeleine stowe make do to hold her own for a while, but as the distaff lead in an action mechanism - thriller, she doesn ' t twist through sufficiently. one of the problems with the performance be that it ' s rattling predictable. > from minute one, 1 experience few doubts astir the identity of the killer whale in question. the script even unwillingly points him knocked out for u.s.a., use familiar techniques to obscure his guilt until the unmasking toward the end. in all fairness, we ' ve seen many of the devices habituate in the general ' s daughter put to greater force in other motion picture. the arcanum behind the girl ' s orphic end are explained bit by bit, but by the resolution we have tunneled through with so much wind that it feels unnecessary and amazingly silly. the oecumenical ' s daughter be not a terrible movie, and information technology is involving enough to sustain a viewer ' s aid distich for a sure menstruum of time. but information technology just could have follow so much better. 