" holy man " boasts a sweet, gentle, amusing operation from an unco subdued eddie murphy and a few somewhat funny skit. unfortunately, to get to the good stuff you make to seat through with a sorely long set - up, oodles of tedious filler, eternal shot of jeff goldblum stammering and twitching, a superfluous romantic subplot and quite possibly the most pesky performance of robert loggia ' s career. if ever a motion picture squall " time lag for video so you can fast - forward through all the dull and irritation part, " this is it. eddie murphy plays g, a robed nomadic pilgrim tramp the land bask the moment and spread his apparitional message. a chance meeting with ricky hayman (goldblum ), a accented - out executive of a home - shopping distribution channel, and kate newell (kelly preston ), a no - nonsensical media psychoanalyst, results in strong arm injury to g. quicker than you tin say " the odd couple, " g ends up room with an extremely leery ricky. after some script gymnastics, g appears populate on the air at the safe steal shopping network, play havoc on the cheesy product demonstrations, enrage network possessor mr. mcbainbridge (loggia ), and becoming a home metier mavin. " holy place man " attempts to be respective thing at once. information technology seek to satirize abode shopping networks, merely it ' s difficult to effectively make sport of something that is already a self - takeoff. the film attempts to teach u that collect material possessions is merely a otiose attempt to fill the spiritual hole in our hearts, but that ' s common noesis already. " holy humanity " also tries to present a write up of buyback, as ricky hayman tries to resolve whether to exploit m ' s good will to achieve financial security or make the right affair at the expense of his vocation. anyone want to site a wager on his final decision? the unmatchable genuine asset in " holy man " is eddie murphy, who gives a witching carrying out, sharing love, good testament and relevant advice to entirely those around him, while beaming his million dollar smile at simply the veracious moments. murphy is delicious and the photographic film takes turned whenever he ' s onscreen. unfortunately, he ' s not onscreen plenty. jeff goldblum get the leo the lion ' s part of screen time and his tired storyline weigh the legal proceeding down. as his potential love interest, kelly preston tries to brighten things upwards, but she transforms from an all - business medium shark to an empathic softy far too quickly and the abrupt change foetor of lash up. the other main actor, robert loggia, wastes his talents in a unrivalled - musical note turn as a ruthless, squall monster. structurally unsound and way likewise long, " holy human beings " be appealing when murphy is onscreen and boring when he isn ' t. instead of dropping your money at the theater for this technicality, delay until it hits video and degraded - forward past everything except the murphy scene. g propose that we focus on enjoy the moment and that ' s the best way to do indeed. 