plot of ground summary: the year be 2024. the ozone layer has long since run and the earth is now protect from radiation by a shield formulate by connor mccleod. the shield, although saving life, has make the atmosphere spicy and humid. connor is a deadly and a tired honest to god man who have fall in up hope. on returning from the opera house one dark connor be accosted by the drawing card of a " terrorist " organisation. they cause tried to find out what the company that forthwith runs the carapace unit be covering up. connor equal then attacked by ii assassins post by katana from the planet zeist (same zeit - - incur it? ). they fail and connor becomes immortal once again by chopping their heads off. atomic number 2 then brings ramirez back to life in glencoe in scotland. both ramirez and connor are rebel leaders backward on zeist and have be sent to earth as penalisation. connor at present has the choice to return being the last place one but opts to stay with his new found immortality and fight to find come out about the company and the carapace. katana interim, fear connor would return, set out himself to kill the highlander. if you have ne'er seen it. be a rooter of scottish highlander and mister. connery, i was in the cinema equally shortly as i could to see highlander ii: the quickening. 1 wish it had been faster. i sense any else you can say astir a film (bad script bad euphony, etc.) if you sit just plain bored done most of it so nothing much else needs to be said. the plastic film was short but in my persuasion alone twelve minutes or hence (the time mr. connery is on the screen for) be worth watching. the plot of ground sounds a little ridiculous but ace was unforced to give it a fortune. maybe they could rend it slay. instead, ane detect that the fibre have totally changed from those in the first film. it ' s as if they are dissimilar mass with the same names. looker connor jumping into bottom with the leader of the electrical resistance - - where is the attitude of " who wants to live constantly, when love must die " gone to? the love sub - game * moldiness * take give footage cut out. the highlander and ramirez both seemed aware of powers they had ne'er cite before. putting our heroes in deadly situations and and then having them take the air away because of some new king embody very annoying. i still want to know why connor ' s pelage becomes flame validation when he be immortal! we are non given enough time on zeist to believe in it, nor are we separate wherefore advanced alien still employ swords to kill. why not dynamite or laser saws surgery hardly plain bullets followed by a quick chop to the cervix? i know the head needs to come off only you could at least immobilise your opposite with laser rifle first. to be fair single assassin tried this but helium must be the globe ' due south worst shooting. meantime connor develops luke - skywalker - like major power of laser beam of light divagation. as for " bad guy, " we project a rebellion on zeist, crushed easier than a grape and so the rest of the plot look on katana being obsessed with killing mccleod in case atomic number 2 returns to zeist. two assassins embody sent, presumptively they are mean to embody good at killing only an aged connor pop them both with no problems. no more assassins be sent. katana, supposedly a very powerful homo locomote himself to kill connor. has he no more assassin? has he no good? why was the rebellion crush and then easily then? michael ironside is totally unconvincing (work back the kurgan ). atomic number 2 seems like a cartoon fiber and really isn ' metric ton that vicious, just stupid and violent. we see the hollywood trick of the chief nasty threatening a nestling once again and killing lots of innocents. yet he still seems like no threat - - perchance because helium seems to a fault stupid to threaten connor, oregon perhaps because his two best assassins wouldn ' t make been wrong with larry, curly and mo. so much for plot and eccentric. the music is ugly. information technology is at best intrusive and at worst annoying. bring back nance. at that place was an audible suspiration (of relief? ) when connor played a queen running in a juke box. one consider this at least is to be corrected for the american dismission. the acting make up at best two dimensional, except for mr. connery. lambert is uninteresting and when he redeem " at that place can be only one " this fourth dimension around it just make me wish there ingest only be one - - highlander. michael ironside be unconvincing; sorry, michael, i ordinarily like you and everyone else was incredibly forgetable. thence why 2 / 10? visually the film be interest at all times. information technology has a blade runner tone to information technology and some of the special effects make up quite sensational. add to this an uncontrollable sean connery who smiles throughout the unscathed film - - oregon be he smirking to himself? his argument and delivery might make the film worthwhile have it non been so obvious that atomic number 2 cannot require the whole thing seriously at all just hey - - * i ' cholecalciferol * have done it for 12 million. ohio, and 1 agree with a previous reader, she * does * seem like sharon stone but i believe it is her first cinema. incidentally in that respect is a course producer credited and ane learn rumours of highland scot iii: the wizard. 