the real blonde (r) a woman ' s facial expression, an arm, some pumped - up pectorals, blond haircloth, a homo ' s sorry font, slim leg, a random script here and on that point. as the opening credit of tom dicillo ' s the real blond unfold, these scattered, fractured glimpses eventually come together to form the picture of a bikini brief - clad man on his knees clinging to a nurturing fair sex, his head concealing her unclothed bosom. if only the rest of this formless, aimless ensemble comedy assembled so coherently. joe (matthew modine) is a waiter / struggle worker too gallant to take gig in commercials or soap operas. helium ' s touch sensation somewhat dissatisfied with his relationship with his resilient - in love, mary (catherine keener ), world health organization defy some subconscious hostility toward the male grammatical gender. virgin mary, a makeup artist, on a regular basis works on model sahara desert (bridgette thomas woodrow wilson ), who is obsessed with the underlie messages in disney ' s the lilliputian mermaid. the bottle blonde give a turbulent on - again, forth - again relationship with bob (maxwell caulfield ), a soap actor world health organization yearns for the taste of a genuine blond, which he finds in co - star kelly (daryl hannah ). as the film unspools, a variety of other characters pass through: fashion photographer tony blair (marlo lowell jackson thomas ); mary ' s shrink (buck henry) and self - defense teacher (denis leary ); joe ' s casting agent (kathleen turner) and hardass boss (christopher lloyd ); and a mystery woman (elizabeth berkley) who keeps on interbreed joe ' s path. where on the dot does all this go? that ' s a interrogative sentence best posed to writer - director dicillo, who doesn ' t appear to ingest the fragile clue himself. his meandering, mostly unfunny script and direction are corresponding hopelessly lost drivers, turn into bushed - remainder narrative street only to reverse course and polish off another originative dead end - de - sac. and another. and another. at one point bob, frustrated with the easy lay handwriting, complains to the head author (jim fyfe) that his and kelly ' s fictitious character keep on move in circles, with no lead of development or growth. that is about certainly the suit here. joe gets a chore and at long last botches things; he and mary bicker; they make astir, only to have the traffic pattern repeat itself. unhappy with his bottle blond, bob gets his substantial blonde but is ungratified; he returns to the faux and be still unsatisfied. if there be a tip to all of this, dicillo dances around it, spending his time on apparent digressions that, as information technology turns extinct, aren ' t digressions at all. the real blond is not without some amusement. it does have the occasional comical line and situation; leary, henry, lloyd, steve buscemi, and dave chappelle shine in their small roles; keener be a likable, refreshingly earthy lead; berkley ' s appearance is mercifully brief (she receives outrageously prominent billing and ad placement for a ten - minute role ); and there be the irony of have caulfield play a wildly popular soap maven who makes the ratings skyrocket (last year, the actor constitute fired from the daytime drama all my children after a scant six months - - due to lack of viewer interest ). simply on the whole, the real blonde represent a frustrating sit that survive up to the stereotypes of information technology form of address - - information technology may be glossy on the surface, only there ' s nothing going on inside. ( afford february 27 ) 