atomic number 53 be continually amazed at movies like this. that some manufacturer would blow an teemingness of endowment and money on a script as abyssal as this one is mind - boggeling, merely it seems to happen a lot nowadays. " dotty wild west " is a attractively film, well playact, and substantially directed piece of garbage; and its insipid screenplay exist completely at fault. in unforesightful, this picture show is a comedy without laughter. and so many joke fall flat that it borderlines surreal. the high product value keep information technology from being a total fiasco, but it ' sec notwithstanding pretty boring. will smith star as jim rebecca west, an sometime western sandwich, r & b edition of the james bond character. west is team up upwards with artemus gordon (kevin franz kline ), and they ' re pretty much opposite oppisites: west prefers to solve his problems with an regalia of smoke, gordon traditionally favors a to a greater extent pacifistic approach. talk about deeply developed fiber. at any rate, this leads to the inevitable engagement between methodologies, none of which are funny. the class is 1869. several top scientist have been abducted, and the suspected perpetrator is a dissatisfied other confederate general, bloodbath mcgrath (ted levine ). president concession sends west and gordon to investigate. there ' s grounds that mcgrath is attending some sort of confederate reunion in la. benjamin west and gordon show upward and see that mcgrath follow actually working for dr. arliss loveless (kenneth branagh ), another disgruntle former confederate. as information technology turns out, loveless plans to expend the combined knowledge of the scientests to create the ultimate superintendent weapon, which he will practice to subdue the united dos. i ' d go far with the game, but on that point isn ' t any period. this film ' s narrative is little more than than a disorderly, unfunny messiness. i only express joy at a couple of jokes, and then only when light. at that place isn ' t one truly uprorously funny moment in this film, and that ' s passably disasterous when you consider that information technology ' s mainly a drollery. as iodin said, the fault comprise totally that of the handwriting. when you consider their respective roles, will smith and kevil franz kline do equally good as they could get peradventure done. the leads could ' ve be bring samuel 50. michael joe jackson and robert diamond state niro and the film still would ' ve been awful. no ace, and 1 think no one, can hold a line similar " bye adios, mr.. knife guy! " sound safe. still, this film cause a lot going for information technology visually. the set design is wild, mayhap even oscar suitable. the cinematogrophy by michael ballhaus (world health organization personify also behind camera in st. martin scorsese ' due south brilliant " goodfellas " ), be absolutely stunning. he impart the moving picture a much ask exciting, comic bookish look. i deliver the goods ' t shift barry sonnenfeld either. he does a all right job of directing the proceedings, just, alike the sleep of the people involved with the moving picture, thither really isn ' t anything that atomic number 2 can do to correct it one major flaw. despite be beautifully made, " wild wild west " becomes quite an drill after the half - room point. the appeal of the visuals finish long before the film come. if " wild wild west " didn ' t look so good, it would exist almost unsufferable. as it be, it ' s more or less tolerable, but not very entertaining. it ache to give such a wellspring made picture a account this low, but there isn ' t anything much bad than an unfunny comedy. 