field of battle long, boring and but plain stupid field of battle earth a film review by michael redman copyright 2000 by michael redman in my mid - teen years, ace had a horrendous ray - occurring nightmare. behind the bike of a car, one was driving down a unbowed road in the center of a desert. no scene except the horizon line and the convergence parallel lines of the highway. no matter what i did, the view didn ' t alteration: travel but non get anyplace. each clip i awoke in a swither, terrified. you don ' t get to be carl carl gustav jung to read that dream. powerless to make changes, trapped in a irksome situation with no hope of rescue, this embody the stuff of nightmares whether we be departed or awake. this be exactly how you will palpate 15 minutes after " battlefield earth " begins. for all of its split second and panache, l. ron mount hubbard ' s science fabrication heroic poem is the earliest and good entry for the dullest summer film of 2000. dull " and " poor fish. in the yr 3000, the psychlo foreigner own ruled our planet for 1, 000 years. humans either work as slave labor in mining operations operating room hold out as barbarians. in that location ' s no hope. the futurity is bleak. then the psychlo make water a error and capture plucky jonnie goodboy tyler (barry pepper) who organize a revolution against chieftain of certificate terl (john travolta) and the extraterrestrial being airstream. information technology ' s an archetypal post - apocalyptic plot full of hope. considering some of the talent involved and totally the jillion thrown at the projection screen, it ' s unmanageable to see how it could have fail so miserably. simply it does. the story is so full of holes that information technology fall apart within moment of the opening credits. be we really supposed to conceive that after a millennium of looking for gold, the psychlo never discovered garrison knox? beaver state that fighter planes represent however in pristine condition after all that time - - and gassed up? operating theatre that the cavemen become such expert pilot light in seven day that they terminate well down the advanced alien ship? or that the psychlo undercover agent cameras somehow don ' t notice that their slave be missing for days? travolta prances across the screen hamming it upwardly for all atomic number 2 ' s worth and is almost entertaining. most. the rest of the worker are wooden mannequins try non to laugh while delivering assembly line that no soul - - " military personnel - animal " oregon not - - would ever utter. some of the flick _looks_ good, just information technology also looks thus familiar. a race of large hulking ape - like tool have lead complete the humankind while our cities lie in in ruin. sound comparable something charlton heston power be in? the psychlo flavor like heavy klingons in gear from " dune ". the net zephyr struggle between the air forcefulness fighters and the psychlo ships in their eminent - tech metropolis cost something george lucas might have been associated with. it ' s too loud. it ' s too tyrannical. it ' s too slow. information technology ' s excessively long. .. far too long. and on it goes. the list of the trouble with " battlefield earth " is endless. it ' s difficult to find anything in the film that does body of work. oh yeah. the color scheme personify nice. the substantial question is how this movie ever get made. could it have something to do with the fact that lambert. ron hubbard was the founder of scientology? and that john travolta is a extremity of the christian church. that might explicate wherefore travolta bought the rights to the fresh year ago. but it doesn ' t move over us a clue as to why world class - time film writer corey mandell ' s ugly script live used. surgery why the high - profile project was intrust with roger christian who had ne'er before manoeuvre a major celluloid. or wherefore no one looked at this thing before information technology be release and realized there might be problem. the one bright office be that no longer will kevin costner ' s " the postman " (which i begrudgingly admit as a guilty pleasance) be " the " big budget science fiction nonstarter. " battlefield terra firma " has the honor stitch astir. often reviewers will advocate that you skip mediocre films and delay for the video recording. that ' s non the case here. you can act now and make the decision to not visualize it on the large concealment oregon on the humble one. don ' t hesitate. strike immediately while the iron is cold. 