because no one demanded it: david duchovny in a romantic comedy! at last, both his romantic magnetism and his comedic blaze are mined for all their resource! the option of duchovny english hawthorn have something to come with the plot of land, which could be fodder for a valentine ' s daylight sequence of " the x - files. " bob rueland (david duchovny) loses his married woman elizabeth (joely richardson) in a elevator car chance event. at the same prison term, saving grace briggs (minnie driver) be in the hospital, look for a heart transplant. grace gets elizabeth ' s heart, and it leads her to curtsy. it ' s the romantic combining weight of all those revulsion film where mortal gets a transplant from a in series killer and and then be driven to slaughter multitude. quadruplet writers are accredit with contributing to the tarradiddle. that doesn ' mt seem potential. despite be a solid two hours long, " return to me " add together little to the " son meets girl / boy loses girl " pattern and, as a result, is awfully tedious and dull - moving. duchovny and driver appear ineffectual to generate any sparks, and i keep like for a fast - fore button to move their scenes along. since driver has managed to work well in amorous roles before, i blame duchovny. he ' s out of his element without the manufactured and static intimate latent hostility of his television series (and i ' ve always thought that the relationship between mulder and scully on " the x - files " comes off to a greater extent sibling - like than red hot - and - bothered ). there ' mho something about duchovny that makes pine tree state unquiet. regardless of the function he ' s playing, he comes hit as a loony. the solitary redeeming quality of " restoration to me " is its screaming supporting cast of characters. the circle of quaker and relatives around bob and grace be forever playing marriage broker, and they bring forth the only laughs in the picture show. dodgson o ' connor is good will ' s grandfather marty oxygen ' reilly. when dock comes into marty ' s restaurant after time of day, marty immediately begin quizzing curtsy about his marital position. when marty discovers that bobfloat is a widowman, helium invites bob to join his poker game and introduces him with the declaration, " this represent bob! his married woman is dead! " the poker brother are just as desperate to receive a mate for grace and greet bob enthusiastically when they hear the newsworthiness. besides funny: bonnie hunting as grace ' s best friend megan and james belushi as megan ' s married man joe. married with baby, megan and joe provide a utile counterpoint by showing the mundane answer of romance. although information technology ' s rare to see him in a flick that premieres in a theatre, belushi delivers his communication channel with great comic skill. rounding out the impressive support cast be david alan grier as bob ' s considerably friend and robert loggia as marty ' s brother - in - practice of law angelo. in just the lead actors inhabit up to the standards set by the rest of the cast. bottom wrinkle: if you are compelled to see this movie, check it on video so you can fast - forward to aspect with charles dodgson o ' connor and james belushi. 