8mm, write by sevener scribbler andrew kevin walker, has an interesting idea which follow ruined by hollywood rule to become a bog standard execution mystery. nicolas cage plays kinsfolk man detective tom welles, who is require by upper class nob mrs. christian (myra carter) to look into an picture show found in her late deceased husbands safe. the movie find to constitute an mythical ' mummy brown movie ', where the girl featured in the celluloid appears to get brutally gash. all mrs. christian want to jazz if the miss in the film was killed or non. welles agrees, and presently vex pulled into the seedy underworld of porn movies, with video clerk max ca (capital of arizona) as his guide. although the ' snuff ' industriousness hasn ' t really been probe in mainstream cinema, 8mm still makes a rather footslog thriller which only seems to constitute a bit sicker than most. the sniff movie within the movie is sure enough disturbing, although the jerky television camera angles and granulose image takes some of the cushion away. 8mm has the trouble of not want to shock too much, and apart from a few here and now, most of the activity in the film is nothing you haven ' t hear from another standard thriller. the mold assistance towards the amusement, apart from an horrid performance by the more and more lazy nicolas cage. while helium was fun and breezy in earlier films such as raising arizona (1987 ), ever since leaving las vegas (1995 ), john milton cage jr. has lost a lot of his pretend talent and appear to be on automatic pilot, such as in the awful snake eyes (1998. ) hither, in 8mm, helium ' s boring, uninteresting and has a dull monotonous voice. and in this overlong thriller, these virtues do not aid keep the suspense upwards. solely when john cage be onscreen with the splendid phoenix does the film start moving, as phoenix is a true talent. his execution is a bully break away from the gloom, and he ' s simply purely enjoyable to watch. catherine keener be completely wasted as cage ' s wife, although she delivers a far better functioning than her character deserves. her character, though, is tremendously underwritten, 1 of the most wasted part of the year. also fun is fargo ' s peter stormare as the wildly over the top sniff film director. as this film be written by the person behind 7, 8mm is filled with day of reckoning and gloominess, and no - one seem to live how to expend an light permutation. unlike seven, 8mm isn ' t also clever, and the twist is ridiculous and startlingly obvious when it make it. lack the strong persona seven featured, 8mm ultimately becomes uninvolving plot isaac mayer wise, and relies on the pictorial scenes to provide any entertainment. but director joel schumacher, the whole ill timed guy for the task, puts dash ended content, and while the commission and look are good, information technology ' randomness just not very disturbing. schumacher also receive no idea how to shock and audience, and though we are mean to be looking at the ' dark belly ' of the porn industry, it doesn ' t on the button leave alone an haunting impression on the viewer mind, which misses the point. also, the terminal xx minute of arc are so hackneyed, thus cliched, it ' s gravel to call back it ' s the same film you ' re observation. 8mm is far from an succeeder, a ' snuffed ' opportunity. with a boring confidential information fiber, ' controversial ' scene that manage not to equal controversial, and a director obsessed with looks, what could have been 1 of the most shocking films of the twelvemonth represent a dumb thriller. ultimately, 8mm is probably deserving renting on home video, unless your desperate to encounter what the sniff film within the picture look like. and bank maine, the rest of the 2 hours are not deserving information technology. 