mugshot (music director / writer / cameraman / editor: matt mahurin; cast: belinda becker (stella ), michael williams (rumor ), robert knepper (joe / chris ), robert walker (random ), willie lassic (untested brother of hearsay ), maxine joiner (rumor ' s female parent ); runtime: 87; mortal films; 1995 ) reviewed by dennis schwartz a dim indie film about a stolen identity. there ' s non much more than to this visually stylish film than what meets the centre, as information technology relies on shock to recite information technology story of a prolonged vicious mugging. it fall into the category of being a pretentious art - planetary house picture, leaving a caustic taste in 1 ' s mouth as it stereotypes its characters and unintentionally farther inflame the racial number. it tries to make a heavy - handed head about voteless black youth ensnare by their environment, with their only way out personify crime. but the story is so filled with ferocity and its nyc mount looks same inferno, that it ' s hard to enjoy this celluloid and to follow what the logic in the story be theorise to imply. the kinship between the black mugger and his white victim is a cloudy one, which the flick ne'er determines what information technology wants to say about information technology. matt mahurin be virtual one - human work party in putting this film together (theater director / writer / cinematographer / editor in chief ), world health organization personify a still photographer in his day business. the film works well as a visually intriguing piece, as each shot looks similar a photograph cautiously tell the story unfolding. a clean lensman (robert knepper) is mugged by a black gang while helium ' randomness on a freelance assignment to subscribe to a photo shoot of harlem at nighttime. he become a victim of amnesia and his head embody bloodied as he ' s left in a deserted harlem construction, as the pack leaves him for dead; only, one of the mugger, rumor (michael williams ), comes rearwards and pretends to help him. atomic number 2 ' s a would - be photographer, who keeps a scrapbook entitle mugshots in the project apartment he ploughshare with his female parent and younger brother. keeping his dupe in the dark about world health organization he exist by forebode him joe and not telling him what ' s happening, he becomes the photographer for a few days. he enters the photographer ' s stylish greenwich village apartment and steals his expensive camera, and decides to hold the mugging vic for ransom money when atomic number 2 finds taboo he has a fatal girlfriend, stella (belinda becker ). she ' s the only ace in the film world health organization could act. the motion picture is adhere with a clumsy dialogue and an overutilisation of symbolization, as information technology ends with naught more than to tell after the shock and the violent situation it make except to beat it into the ground. information technology could only be commended for how appealing the film looks, as if information technology ' s a scrapbook of withal photos redact together to celebrate a mugging. 