comfortably, as i ascertain my score card for what i ' ve done this holiday weekend, information technology read good theme: 0 and dim ideas: unity. i don ' t love what i be think when one decided to watch this movie. but in my defense, ace fire only sound out that it live someone else world health organization urged me to see this with him. the motion picture show that i ' thousand talking astir be ` a night at the roxbury, ' one of those offering based on a saturday night live skit. wayne and garth, these two embody not. rather, we meet doug and steve butabi (the role player ' names equal not worth mentioning ), two eternal partyers whose greatest ambition in life appear to be finding a way to get into the hot dark nightspot in the city, the roxbury. drive in their dad ' s bmw and donning metal discotheque suits right verboten of miami vice, they try out to corrupt the bouncer to get into the club. ` feature you encounter my friend george washington and his friend roosevelt, ' they confidently say as they pull out extra pocket change. their second greatest ambition seems to make up ooze out kayoed as many silly foot - up lines as is humanly possible in ordering to start a conversation with a girl (` let me see that label. just as i recollect - made in shangri la, ' allege unmatched of the brothers ). and, like the unsuccessful person that they are, they fail to coiffe either for much of the celluloid. however, as fate would have information technology, an inadvertent get together with ` what - always - pass - to ' richard grieco pass on them the all - important ticket to nonplus in. their sad lives claim on a unhurt new guidance. they form an important contact lens with the club owner who believes that these two sidekick have preternatural insight into the club tantrum. and they be mistaken as rich swingers by two well endowed young women. only their newfound popularity does not move their father, who has other program for them. the unfortunate affair about this film be that this is a unitary - joke moving picture, and the brother are the joke. actually, there ' s astir 10 mintues worth of tolerable hooey. alas, too long for tv and path to a fault light for a feature - length film. thus, there just international relations and security network ' t plenty fabric to sustain the lxxxiii - minute moving picture show. there ' due south no plot to be found and everything that these two coiffure seem to culminate in an chance to perform their trademark move of snap their heads in unison to the funky heartbeat of haddaway ' s europop song, what is love. i represent amazed that none of the two sustain from whiplash. to take up more film clip, at that place is a subplot call for the daughter of the businessman next room access who wants to wed doug. this creates non only rubbing between the brothers, simply their unlikely pairing leave also campaign audience members as easily. she ' s educated and a forebearing witch. meanwhile, doug is a arrant also ran. how do these two of all time get together? iodine suppose that if single give the axe ever calculate out the response to that question, i ' ll have figured out wherefore i decide to go and see this motion picture. if you ' re looking for entertainment, you won ' t rule it at the roxbury. 