capsule: silly and inane adaptation of gibson ' s light story, which constitute nowhere in sight. mel gibson ' s script only bestow insult to injury. johnny mnemonic embody an awesomely bad movie. i tell " awesomely " because information technology ' s one matter to flunk, but another thing entirely to fail so altogether that still the chances for summer camp value are sabotaged. keanur reeves (who is awful) star as johnny, an " information courier " who can impart dozens of gb of data in his header. he be given " one last job " (whenever you represent in a movie and you hear those words, run ), which require him shoving so much data into his braincase that information technology could represent lethal. ane of the neater touches that the movie brings in is that the only direction he could make such an arrangement work was by ditching all of his puerility memories, but information technology ' s exclusively follow up on in a tokenish fashion. for his trouble, johnny get tag by the yakuza, world health organization seem to comprise the new bad guys in totally the high - tech thriller. what ' s funny is that if you see gangster movies made * in * japan, there are unanimous gobs of details about actual yakuza behaviour and ethics, but of course in that respect ' s no room in this picture for any of that. the yakuza are simply used to point torpedo, wave sword, flaunt tattoos, and face threateningly. ( i could go on astir how gangsters and criminals of many other ethnicity induce gotten thoughtful examinations in the movies - - bound by honor, sugar alfred hawthorne and american me come to mind - - when asians remain constantly stereotype. but that ' s another essay. ) anyways, johnny runs and finally winds up in newark. why newark? maybe because information technology be cheaper to fake a hereafter newark than a next new house of york, that ' s why. there, he adjoin an assortment of odd character (ice - t, dolph lundgren and william henry rollins make for a whole picture gallery of crazy ). the playscript deals with them with all the astuteness of slice of piece of furniture. it turn out (what else?) that the data in johnny reb ' s head could save a plenty of people, but of course johnny reb entirely wants it out of his head so information technology doesn ' t kill him. care right, this could induce been absorb, but the script manages to mangle any luck of actual sympathy for reb at every opportunity. the details about the look and smell of the time to come be all phoned in from other, better movies - - blade moon curser and brazil come to bear in mind. everything spirit run - down and abject, everyone dress like they ' re punk rockers, and videophones be commonplace. snoring. the solitary really interesting flourish is an extended depiction of the way the net might work in the time to come (complete with vr goggles and feedback gloves ), but i kept think that it was more like what some relatively un - technical fellow would * think * it would look and behave same. a hacker of johnny ' s caliber would be blasting forth with 1 command - melody function after another, instead of neutralize altogether this metre twiddling with hologram, just of course of action that ' s not cinematic. any. what went wrong with this moving picture show? gibson wrote his ain screenplay, which i guess is voice of the problem: what sour as a short story doesn ' t workplace in a movie. his ear for dialogue constitute severe and the plot doesn ' t advancement, it convulses. from the hand on out, information technology was probably all downhill. rent the movie to do fun of information technology embody sort of pointless; there ' s no fun in kicking a hurt frankfurter, is on that point? 