overblown remake of the 1963 robert isaac mayer wise plastic film of the like name (based on shirley jackson ' mho novel " the haunting of hill house ") stars lili taylor as unrivalled of three " lab rats " that participate in a opine " insomnia " subject area being initiated by liam neeson. helium is actually convey a written report on the causes of fright and why the human idea is still affected by it. he drag the trial run subject out to a foreboding mansion where all type of " creepy " cgi effect scare the cast and try the interview ' s forbearance. i cognise this interrogation hold been posed before, but why act people keep remaking good movies? the original was a great psychological horror photographic film. this fresh version is dull and very decidedly not shuddery. in fact, i find it be downright unsufferable to realize a modern clarence day pg - 13 horror movie that is scary. unless you find obvious data processor generated especial effects frightening, then there ' s nothing in this film that will invoke hackles. i nearly fall asleep double during the film, and believably would have if they jest at 2 rows behind me didn ' t seem to have such a personal relationship with the characters that he felt he needed to talk over every conclusion they draw with them as the film progressed. it ' s sad to see such an amazing cast devastate thusly poorly. owen wilson expend most of the picture show swan the halls of the house, and the script fare no justice to his wonderful laughable ability. catherine of aragon zeta - mother jones (always nice to look at) is give the woefully underwritten character of a atomic number 83 - sexual insomniac that gets to work out of her bedroom perplexed every time some strange haphazardness occurs. liam neeson soda water in from time to time to talk into his tape recorder and attempt to convince the others that helium has as much knowledge about what ' s operate on as the residue of them do. finally, wretched lili taylor, the nerve centre of the movie, contract the brunt of the cgi effects throw off at her while everyone else flummox to scream and try to deliver her. apparently, a subplot postulate a assignation between zeta - john luther jones and taylor ' s characters was filmed only removed. that ' s too speculative, because information technology might have lent some good characterization to the narrative. this is jan de bont ' s second straight miss (speed 2: cruise controller being the initiatory ). when is he move to learn that bigger is non always necessarily skilful? robert wise knew that when he made the original and the makes of the blair witch task likewise recognize that. one should not approach a haunt house movie with a twister mindset. if de bont and screenwriter st. david ego cause let our minds fill in the blanks as to what was happen or else of showing us everything, it would have served to make the film terrifying. what our head fashions on it ' s own can embody a thousand times to a greater extent terrorisation than sustain get information technology completely led towards everything. evidently, even another version of this story is be filmed nether information technology ' s original title. single for certain hope that this new rendition leave not exist hurt by the insanity of jan de bont ' s version and that it will retain the psychological impingement that the original release make. [ pg - 13 ] 