at first glance, i reckon that the sword and the sorceror have promise. it plotline goes like this: the malign king oliver cromwell, desiring to strike over the earth, uprise an wickedness, ancient sorceror, xusia for power. atomic number 2 attacks the realm of eh - dan and kills young prince talon ' s parents. turn over a triple - bladed sword (which tail end shoot bad guys, like a triggerman) by his dying don, talon vow for revenge. eleven years later, when helium ' second established his ain army, the mercaneries, he vows to take back his kingdom. along the room, he meets up with alana, whose village be attacked by drunken guards and her blood brother is kidnapped by oliver cromwell. talon vows to help, and, after a series of minor escapades, finally end up rescuing alana ' s comrade (and several other prisoner ), only if to be captured himself (in other words, put on a cross to cost crucified! ). fortunately atomic number 2 frees himself, rescues alana from marrying cromwell, defeat xusia, and then cromwell, all with his triple bladed sword (during the final battle, the blade rupture, but talon finish cromwell dispatch by use a hidden dagger in the blade ). then, everything ends mirthfully. unluckily, the sword and the thaumaturge is not even half every bit good as it vocalise. what would have been a great film is entirely destroyed by uneven plot of ground jumping, bad acting, and gruesomely gory, blooming scenes. never in one case does the story seem to plug in together, information technology just jumps some repeatedly. this problem is extremely noticeable in the porta scene where ironsides resurrects xusia. after tell him that he needs his help, he leads the warlock extinct into daylight, only then stabs him and sends him careening polish off a drop afterwards. wait a minute, didn ' t the plotline read that atomic number 2 take the help of xusia in guild to invade eh - dan, which he cannot do by military power? if that is the case, wherefore arrange he dispose of xusia after resurrecting him? and wherefore does he manage to take over eh - dan anyways? these question are scarce ne'er - no, ne'er - answered in the film. another lesson make up that one moment we image talon fighting for his life, another moment we see him just astir to be crucified during alana ' s wedding to cromwell (! ), and finally at the end, instead of settling down with alana, he precisely separate her to " wait ", and then helium just rides off! in addition to the extremely bloody scenes, this scratchy plot leap completely ruin what would induce been a majuscule fantasy adventure. yet some try to make information technology shake, a few fire scenes, battle scenes, don ' t work. it simply completely fails entirely miserably. the only good affair about this flick is its musical scotch, contribute by david whittaker, world health organization had an (super) short euphony composing career. the score is boomy and adventuresome, hefty, and a billion times good than this movie be. my hint: manoeuvre the hell away from this blooming mess and buy the soundtrack album instead (if you give the sack discover information technology ). ironically, though, before the film ' due south credit roll, in that location be a message indicating that a sequel, tales of the antediluvian empire, would follow. to my relief (and delight ), it ne'er got into output, because the sword and the thaumaturgist laid an nut at the box office, gross exclusively $ thirty nine 1000000. critic comprise right on in slamming the steel and the sorcerer, all right. leonard maltin rightfully called it " 2d rate in scripting, and acting " and at - a - glance film review call it " a confusing, stupid, stereotypical, unengaging, bloodfilled bore ". i wholly agree with these review, all right field, and i go for that this piece of # $%! volition be forgotten about. there are far better fantasy pic than the sword and the sorcerer. i desire you get a good laugh out of this review, only i am non laugh. in fact, my insults father ' triiodothyronine even come close to the gruesome sickness that this film gave maine throughout it 100 minute run prison term. 