there ' sec a right, and timely, story trapped late within the excess of slaying in the first, a new moving picture astir the abuse of our prison system. with a country wrapped up in hectic debate over the criminal offence issue and the rights of the accuse and the incarcerated in peril, this expose would offer something rarefied to recent american movies - - a item of scene. simply director marc rocco defecate it clear from the beginning that pretentious, often nauseating, photographic camera drive and slick, mtv - style ignition and editing are far more crucial. on that point ' s not a second in the picture where he surrenders proficiency for pure storytelling. and everything suffers. christian slater and kevin bacon star as defense attorney and alcatraz inmate, respectively. after spend an unprecedented amount of time in an isolated mobile phone for try to escape, bacon murders another captive and face trial. his untested lawyer (woodlouse) embody fresh taboo of constabulary shoal only determine to " put alcatraz on trial " for the abuses of it warden (gary oldman ). the outcome make up the common courtroom theatrics - imagine a stanley kramer yield shot by hyperactive pic school students. there ' s very lilliputian to praise here outside of kevin baron verulam ' sulfur earnest overacting and the appropriate story. there ' s a lot of overacting from everyone - - you know you ' atomic number 75 in trouble right away when r. lee ermey (the mandrillus leucophaeus sergeant in full metallic element jacket) is cast as a judge, the center of reason and moderation. woodlouse has never be convincing and certainly isn ' thyroxine hither and oldman be on a bad streak of hammy functioning. merely the bad feeling you stimulate while watching murder in the first is that the valet de chambre behind the television camera could care to a lesser extent about evidence a well story. at that place make up long exchange of dialogue where the tv camera be not even moving near the characters, let alone with them. how frustrating information technology must be for actors to work under these precondition. if thither ' sulphur anything that has alway describe american films over the relaxation of the world, it is our power to tell a good story. have we draw a blank? 