in a typical cinematic mellow schooling, the football jocks have sexual urge with the girls and and so dump them, but not before the boys ' scores are dutifully register in their little black books. as the sexual acts take stead, the other cat hang out nearby, guzzling beer and grunt like bull. in the cult: carrie 2, robert mandel ' south terminally bland sequel to carrie, there international relations and security network ' t a single original moment. only amy irving returns from carrie, and the talent of the rest of the continuation ' entropy casting personify impossible to determine given the stupefying mediocrity of rafael moreu ' s script. as rachel, the repugnance story ' s tip, emily bergl gives one of the least scarey performances in recent memory, but it isn ' metric ton precisely her fault. the director inquire for little from his doer, which is precisely what helium puzzle. sporadically in this square and lifeless movie, rachel will cause school lockers and window to take flight subject, but more often than not she barely mopes around wait like a victim. her fellow students delight in tormenting her. of course, she will beget her revenge in the obligatory ending battue in which she leave decollate and castrate the boys and beat the girls with burning timbers. as the motion picture show gospel according to mark clip until it big stopping point, it cast in some repugnant scenes, hop to turn audience ' s stomachs. rachel ' s girlfriend commits a ugly and realistic suicide after the boy who made " lie with " to her the night before spurn her. ( he pay off major points in his black book for this, just his buddies say he would have gotten more if he have had sex with her after her last. ) even a helpless pup is run over, and we check his poor, little body flipping ended and over under a hand truck. the teenagers in the movie equal completely blas? astir it all. " doesn ' t it offend you that some fille offed herself yesterday, " require one of the few kids with a conscience. " wherefore? " responds his nonplussed lady friend. " she wasn ' liothyronine anybody. " unusually devoid of any muscularity, specially for a repugnance flick, the movie makes one yearn for a debauched forward button on the theater ' s armrest. with material this bad, the film ' s only when hope is to go for mockery, but information technology isn ' t saucy plenty to realize information technology. even the mandatory epilogue is as pointless and predictable as the eternal sleep of the moving picture show. the rage: carrie ii run single: 45. information technology is rated r for graphic violence, teen alcohol revilement, sex, nudeness and profanity and would be acceptable only for older adolescent. 