quick to rumble follow not a chef d'oeuvre in flick; i have a problem even regarding it as a photographic film. it ' s more than of a display, a heavy commercial for ted turner ' s world title wrestling (wcw ). the movie be virtually entirely astir and fully showcases the matman of the wcw alike diamond dallas pageboy, goldberg, and sting. the story equal very minimal and basic. at that place are these two cat, gordy (david arquette) and sean (scott caan ). they be deuce twenty - something wrestling buff from wyoming. when they go to a live outcome for the big match up, there favorite wrestler jimmy martin luther king (oliver platt) is defeated and his calling is announced to equal over by the mean commissioner titus (joe pantoliano ). gordy and sean decide to live on on a quest to discover jemmy and bring him backward to the top and defeat the evil titus ' plans. on the direction, they meet some people, make some fun, and cleanse upward some larboard - type o - potties. sounds nifty huh, swell it ' s non. the movie draw many attempts at humor, only a few of them oeuvre. the jokes that make you laugh, however, make out not outnumber the film ' southward many duds. on that point is a funny repertoire between arquette and a convenience store bank clerk play by ahmet zappa. the cashier is real mean to arquette so arquette dreams of ways to get him back. 1 specially enjoyed i variant in which they make a wrestling equal and arquette ' s tag team partner be ' macho gentleman ' randy savage. they twist between the aisles knock over cans and getting eubstance slammed on the floor. the early good part of the film be the sexual encounter between arquette and rose mcgowan. mcgowan act sasha the head nitro girlfriend, the cheerleaders of the wcw. she become attracted to gordy and they have some nice, funny scenes in concert especially peerless scene in which arquette forebode mcgowan ' s breasts foreign object than slug her directly into the face. now what didn ' t work in this movie? that would be the rest of information technology. the flick was filled with unintelligent potty humor astir farts and toilets. the two lead characters exploit for a port - o - potty cleaning companionship and when they gate crash the truck, the excrements spill all ended the route. it ' s non curious; it ' s pathetic and brainless. the film is giving court to how blindly faithful of their grappler but not all hand to hand struggle rooter are that style. i watch it for entertainment and single would think some the great unwashed would take discourtesy to what follow said throughout the movie. the independent fictitious character in the moving picture show actually get to wrestle, like that would happen to any rooter, peculiarly to 2 that stalk a wrestler and sneak him back onto solidifying. as well, i wondered how they got into the backstage so well; they just walk right hand in. i corresponding wrestling. i learn it at home and gag. it ' s continuously funny and has peachy quality differently i wouldn ' t lookout it. this movie wasn ' t even funny or fun to find out like the wrestling on tv. the sole fun i give birth in the movie be pointing out the wrestlers i knew. the rummy matter be that many of the wcw feature wrestlers like saturn and chris benoit have left wcw for more money but be still featured in the film prominently. the picture show was excessively dim - witted to personify funny. information technology is possibly the most useless and under - developed film ever so. a recent motion picture show in this genre of lover would be the kiss fan film, detroit stone metropolis. that movie was interesting, well practice and incessantly funny unlike this picture. the acting was good positive the jokes cause humor and made you laugh. directly that the screeching trilogy is all over, arquette has nothing else to come so he has to do take a shit like this and be a spokesman in those dumb 1 - 800 - vociferation - att ads. at least he has a hot married woman in courtney coxswain. he ' s in the funny parts of the moving picture show simply there aren ' thyroxin enough to make water him look good. the medicine was regretful also feature such overplayed tune as tiddler rock ' s " bawitdaba " and " cowboy ". dean martin lev davidovich landau has a great cameo as a classic, hard - nosed wrestling flight simulator named sal that rack up the king back into shape to retrieve his can. script be important to a flick but this piece of crap could take been made with a couplet of scribblings on a napkin. a lover of the wrestlers who are boast in the film in all probability wrote it. at time the movie even tries to show wrestling as actual. the wrestlers form alliances, go to people ' south firm and quiver them improving. it ' s utterly ludicrous. the whole film was a uneconomical, dumfounding experience. the motion picture show was bring in to devote homage to the devotee, telling them things that made grappling, not the grappler. the matman are making more money to get to a movie to give thanks the fans for menachem begin fans by paying 5 dollars to see a in love - humor movie. the wcw sucks and this movie be precisely a pathetic deuce - hr commercial to watch information technology. if you ' re going to learn grappling watch wwf, it ' s actually entertaining. the hand to hand struggle is betters, they ' re funnier, more diverse, and hold better entrance themes. oh and the little girl are hotter. be this what moving picture show have turn, two hour - farsighted commercials that you have to pay to see? father ' t waste your money. 