synopsis: a maniac, crazed by virulent microphage, slaughters more than xx multitude, including a street work party and heavily - armed scout group, with a small knife. even with a side arm, however, atomic number 2 can ' t take out the two cops world health organization are after him, despite having shot unmatched of them a total of seven time. comments: the most noted aspect of adrenaline: reverence the rush exist that it mark a outstanding vocation move for natasha henstridge. not only perform she make do to keep all her clothes on (her trademark in earlier films such as species and maximum risk be to strip bare as often as possible ), but she actually set up on yet more than clothes as the film progresses. this will in all probability disappoint many henstridge devotee, but i welcome the change because henstridge be an attractive, capable actress who deserves to a lesser extent exploitative roles (though, i admit, it doesn ' t display in this mint ). henstridge, just same every former actor in the film, delivers a wooden performance in this massive bomb. ( the cast also include christopher leonard constant lambert, who hold appear in the highlander and mortal kombat picture show. ) how on earth this movie get ii big - name stars to come along in it be beyond me. epinephrin: fear the rush exist set in boston 10 years in the future (2007 ). capital of massachusetts has changed dramatically in those x years. it is forthwith place to a bunch of interred outlander and policed by cops who drive around in small cars with " policia " print on their door. some guy wire have a real defective virus, and he ' s killing people because of it. thence, the brave good guys (lambert and henstridge) move after him. that ' s it. seventy six minutes never seemed indeed long. this be a drawn - kayoed chase scene through with palely - lit empty buildings turned into an entire movie. the plot development is nil; we learn absolutely nothing astir lambert ' s fictional character and real short about henstridge ' s role. the dialogue is littered with unnecessary lewdness and concerns mindnumbingly idiotic arguments over who will go fine tune the side by side darkness corridor / burrow / airduct next and who will carry the torch. a subplot does be involving henstridge ' s character ' s illegal attempt to amaze her son ko'd of boston. in her opening monologue, a soliloquy which sounds as though henstridge be reading from pool stick poster, we learn that she has exit to great lengths to secure a faux passport for her son. twenty minutes into the movie, iodin wondered if the movie would have be better if it focalise on this plot. in a defining scene of the movie, nonetheless, i changed my mind. this fake passport drop off to the earth. lambert ' s cop at once recognizes it as a fraud from 6 foot away. mustiness not get been a good fake. this accentuate another demerit with the film. things scarce defy common sense. lambert ' s cop, for instance, is shot vii times, yet atomic number 2 follow still able to talk and slither about. epinephrine: fear the rush ends in a trite fashion that doesn ' thymine appear to even correspond the mood that the filmmaker live strain for. single find myself kinda bored with this film, which will disappoint both sci - fi / horror fans and rooter of henstridge and lambert. preceptor ' t fear the rush. revere the movie. watch something else. 