jackie chan quetch his way into van damme territory with twin dragons, an embarrassingly bland action comedy of misguided identity. chan plays split up - at - parentage boomer and john ma, whose drastically dissimilar way. .. aw, forget the plot description, information technology ' s not even deserving the blank space. but let ' s facial expression information technology. no one pass to jackie chan movies for the game anyway. the scenes where zippo happens in chan ' s films have e'er be little to a greater extent than glue thriftily spread to contain the action sequences together. in the case of twin dragons, however, the tiresome plot - driving scenes fritter away thus much of the picture show that you almost want to shout (at the risk of demeaning the artistic value of cinema ), " get to the good part already! " most of the motion picture show is devote to show the brothers ' efforts to hide the early ' s existence from their ain acquaintances. why information technology is necessary to do this be not satisfactorily explained, but neither are a passel of prospect of the patch. the twin falls ' love interests, demure club - singer barbara (chan - film regular maggie cheung) and lusty saint brigid - hopeful tammy (nina li chi ), catch disoriented in all the katzenjammer, until now strangely seem not to listen that they are not certain which brother they are in love with. the scenes describing the boys ' bungle antics contract stretch hence thin we stop caring world health organization chan is opine to be in any given shot (in several shots, in fact, even the make - upwards and hair people seem to forget which brother is which. ). even chan ' sulfur so - corny - information technology ' s - peculiar humor is off - kelter in this outing. some of the gags are so carefully innocent they ' ra annoying. a case in point: whenever anyone see the brother unitedly, they fall to the footing in a dead faint. are we laughing hitherto? as usual, the final confrontation be the picture ' sulphur gem, a tour de force display of chan ' s agility and grace. ne'er mind that information technology ' s not clear how the brothers cease up campaign suited high risk guys inside an machine crash - testing readiness. it ' s all good fun, but too little to a fault tardily. perhaps chan ' s side by side movie should only embody a collection of the utmost fight sequences of all of his movies. they could call it jackie chan ' s the final fighting aspect, and everybody would go home plate happy. reviewed april 14, 1999 at loews field blanched marsh, white marsh, md. 