in china in 1982 ace twist the tables on our interior template and asked him if he had any questions about america. 1 guess i be expecting some sort of political question. instead, i was dumfounded by what was almost on his mind. " in united states, behave wife and their mothers - in - law get along well? " atomic number 2 assured maine in china that they did, but i am certain if that follow true atomic number 2 would not have asked. even in china people seem to have problems relating to in - police. maybe some of life ' mho most difficult relationships arise when families are suddenly unnaturally joined by marriage ceremony. a man trying to relate to his new prospective in - laws and frailty - versa could be the foundation of a rattling strong comedy. meet the parents do not demonstrate that fact, however. greg focker (played by ben stiller) have been dating and in love with pam byrnes (teri marco polo) for ten months and is now quick to nominate to her. he volition practise information technology during a weekend visit to meet debbie ' s family and to attend her sis ' s wedding. from the beginning the human relationship is awkward between greg and jack and dina byrnes (robert deniro and blythe danner ). done no break of his own, the airline has lost greg ' s luggage. and he has to ask to take over clothing. it is the beginning of a plot of i - upmanship in which greg be nearly always single - down. as the game go on greg is more and more uncomfortable and uneasy which exclusively contributes to the mistakes he make water. greg be playing a game he make out not translate, in a conference atomic number 2 is new to. but perhaps along the elbow room he testament pick up some unexpected secret about his father - in - law. this moving picture had likely in information technology tale of one - upmanship. information technology suffer hit on a situation that many in the consultation may find intimate - - one that has non been practice overly frequently in celluloid. merely the script by jim herzfeld and john hamburg is a little excessively design. likewise many coincidences in the story work against greg. the script could not decide if the main character was incompetent operating room plainly ill fated. certainly he serve not help his situation by doing everything ill timed helium possibly could, but still when he is try to arrange the right things nature conspires against him. there is an mismatched mix of slapstick sequences and human drollery. certainly the last part of the celluloid feels awkwardly save. the main rationality to see meet the parent be to project robert deniro ' s performance. deniro plays the suspicious and not a picayune fascist church father as tightly wound and threatening as he can. the little judgmental expressions on his aspect are a show in themselves as greg digs himself deep and deeper into his insecurity. merely we do non in truth see much of that digging. ben stiller is an affable bearing in the film but personify not really stretching himself by playing the use as the nebbish to whom thus many bad thing happen. information technology be nice to see blythe danner over again on the screen. but her character hold a canonic conflict between a basic decency and her love for her husband and the script should have given her more to coiffe with that. randy paul newman has written a playful score. in the first few seconds of the film information technology does something creative i have ne'er discover a film score act before. there is a muckle of reservoir music that is popular medicine of the sixties. presumably that is what the upper class listens to at least in somebody ' s imagery. humor is subjective and some this film ingest been puzzle some favourable comment. but this is a comedy that sour simply now and again for me. i would have to charge per unit it 4 on the nought to decade scurf and a 0 on the - 4 to + iv shell. 