a fullyloaded entertainment review: website coming before long! hunter due south. thompson ' s fear and detestation in la vegas, written in 1971, constitute already an american classic; not merely because it was an unadulterated journeying through the post - psychedelia of the 1960 ' s, merely also because it usher in a new form of journalism known as " gonzo ". presently after the christian bible was written, hunter siemens. thomspon became the basis for a character in doonesbury know as uncle duke. and that is the problem with fear and loathing in las vegas (the film. ) although the book follow nonpareil of my pet, i at once agree with homer armstrong thompson ' s own assessment of the novel as " unfilmable. " the main problem is that the book, although detail wild drug use and touch off - tabu adventures, be non written on the route. information technology be write and edited by hunter s. thomspons, comparatively sober, at his home. so although the quran depicts drug employment and even so more drug use, it is told with a sense of distance and some humour. hunter s. thomspon, the teller, while forever do drugs out, still make a hold on reality, and can still enjoin, with journalistic ability, what equal going on around him. not so with the characters in fear and loathing in las lope de vega. despite epithet changes and unrivalled underage picture from the book dropped, the moving picture is an exact duplicate of the scripture, in terms of dialouge. unfortunately, this can get annoying, in the form of johnny depp ' randomness (who plays benjamin thompson) extravagant narration. and the characters, while having bright personalities, are played as 2 - d characers on the screen: dr. raoul duke (johnny depp, the name raoul duke was an alias of thompson ' s) and his bait companion, dr. gonzo (benicio del toro ), world health organization is a large samoan attorney, take no personalities or emotions at all, save for pit. the film is very faithful to the plot of ground (what there be) of the bible, in that dr. raoul duke is sent by sport illustrated to cover the mint cd, and takes along not solely his samoan lawyer just as well car trunk full of drugs. from there, one set of hopped up escapade after another happens, including one of the few good setting in which depp, high on acid, watches totally the citizenry in the saloon around him release into, literally, lounge lizards. while the flick has it moments (few ), it is almost unwatchable at part, specially towards the end. despite a lot of celebrity cameos, the superstar ne'er have off the ground. the set medallion and costumes are cracking, and probably deserve an oscar nominating speech. however, as we all jazz, it ' s non sets or force that make a movie, it the characters; and rather honestly, these characters be no good. 