alexander dumas ' the three musketeer is one and only of the most a great deal - adapted literary works, and for sound reason: the swashbuckler be a fable sooner than just a fib. possibly the musketeer, a new film that " reimagines " the novel in the spirit and style of the matrix, be one adaption also many. information technology ' s just awful: spiritless, silly and unpardonably tiresome, transforming the timeless classic into a mish - mash of old - as - sentence clich? due south and incoherent, repetitive action sequences. this time, 500 ' artagnan is played by calvin calvin klein model justin william chambers, world health organization rump ' t even pronounce his character ' s name. as a son, he watch over his father get killed by febre (tim philip roth ), a lackey of power - hungry central armand jean du plessis. he vow to have vengeance. after undergoing vivid training under an expert fencer, he goes looking for his enemy. on his quest, helium embroils himself in a struggle for control at the highest degree of the gallic regime. the royal musketeers hold lost their relish, what with their job follow taken over by the cardinal ' s own guard duty. but a few patriotic swashbuckers remain, among them athos and oporto (who are only figureheads in this flick ). together with d ' artagnan, they agitate to extricate the queen (catherine deneuve) from the traps that febre and cardinal richelieu comprise trying to plant life. oh, and as an afterthought, d ' artagnan falls in love with the piteous maid at the local lodge (mena suvari ). just remember i ' d reference that. directly, look: i assume ' t have it away whose idea this make up, but whoever is responsible deserves a severe natural language - lashing. i have zero against " modernizing " classic works of lit - at the real least, they can animate viewers to really read the book - but films every bit dull as this have no positive side effects. managing director peter hyams, known for such masterpieces of modern cinema as timecop and end of days, has jettison everything that be great astir dumas ' masterwork: the sentiency of excitement, causal agent, and camaraderie. instead, we get impressively choreograph simply in some manner hollow, uninvolving natural process sequences that emerge from emptiness and lead to nothing. when the musketeer in conclusion dumbfound to holler " all for matchless, and unitary for all, " i could induce sworn that was dumas rolling in his grave accent that i felt. maybe the reason for the utter lack of suspense here is the hyams ' s tone, which is unreasonably dark and incubate when you consider the reader ' s compilation concentrate translation of the narrative that atomic number 2 gives us. it ' s as though anything that may receive be construed as " fun " was designedly scratch from the output. the joylessness of the proceedings, from the oppressively shady lighting to the mechanically skillful fight scenes, toilet live felt in every frame. chambers backside ' t act; suvari, roth and deneuve can, merely aren ' thyroxin given the opportunity. and when push comes to shove, the use of stunt doubles is distractingly obvious, though at least roth fix to play a baddie without having to fag an emulator cause. some movies seem sloppy and careless, clearly pretend for a spry clam. with the musketeer we get the sense that it was meticulously crafted to cost awful. the film is intricate, stylish and exact, hitting the wrong billet every individual prison term. 