howler, a motion picture without any redeeming qualities whatsoever. i ' m amazed that someone consider this was a story that must constitute told on screen. many blacks in hollywood complain that they are not nominated for award based on their race. i think first off they require to concentrate their free energy on themselves, and stop qualification movies which make them look like nothing more than than sex - crazed buffoon. even i ' m offend by information technology. handbill bellamy live a " player " which think of he sleeps with a pile of women and lie to them. what a pleasant main character. one day, his friends decide that they require to find out how to represent a player. why they decide this " ace sidereal day " i have no melodic theme. how many years have they been friends and wherefore all of a sudden would they want to see? anyway, bellamy agrees to teach, and his howling example to his friend consists of letting them ride in his machine while helium rides from house to house having sex activity with women. this is the bulk of the moving picture show folk, guys ride from house to house, one stay fresh engender knocked out to have sex, while the others sit down in the car. since henry russell simmons is producer, and since the official championship of the film is " def jam ' s how to be a participant ", i was quick to be jumping upwardly and down and stomping my feet and beating the person next to me because of the comedy. amazingly, aside from gilbert gottfried ' s ninety mo of screen time, there was no funniness in the film for me to press out myself in such a mode. instead of prank, in that location ' s just an endless flow of profanity and naked breasts (and naked tit aren ' deoxythymidine monophosphate so defective, only au naturel bosom alone don ' t make a good movie ). be trusted to bring along your ebonics to english dictionary as well. william s. gilbert gottfried ' s fictitious character villein as one in his very abbreviated appearance, asking for explanations as to what be being read. they should have get him along for the entire photographic film. [ roentgen ] 