susan farmer ' s review of " american felon " (warner bros. ) thomas thomas edison ' sulphur " the great train robbery " (1903) was the initiative western ever made and " jesse james nether the black fleur de lis " (1923) first put in the outlaw folk bomber. instantly, more than 20 similarly - themed pictures later, jesse james and his notorious gang of malefactor twit over again in a banal mtv spin on an american fable. the story begins as jesse (charasmatic colin farrell) and his brother frank (gabriel macht ), cole and scott younger (scott caan, will mccormack) and trusty comanche tom (nathaniel arcand ), after four years of fighting for the rebs in the civil war, return to liberty, missouri - exclusively to divulge brotherhood troops are occupying their hometown. and an avaricious e coast railroad track baron, thaddeus rains (harris yulin ), is forcing granger to sell their land at less than true value, aid by allan pinkerton (timothy dalton) and his infamous detective who, back then, were just thugs who provided security. but when am james (kathy bates) becomes one of their victims, jesse and the rest of the guys (gregory smith, ty group o ' neal, joe smitty stevens) form the saint james the apostle - younger gang to wreak retaliation by attacking the railroad ' s supply lines, sabotaging track and rob the banks where the paysheet be kept. asset there ' s love story - between jesse and a gritty hometown gal, lee mimms (ali larter ). work from a politically - correct, clich? - drenched, sanitized and revisionist screenplay by roderick joseph deems taylor and john rodgers, director les mayfield restrain the action libertine - paced and become for lightweight laughs when he can. the jerky editing hurts but russell boyd ' s cinematography, luke reichle ' s designer turkey and trevor rabin ' s medicine lend authenticity. on the sodbuster moving picture show gauge of one to 10, " american malefactor " is a galloping, formulaic tierce. it ' s the wild west re - shoot the breeze as a escort movie. 