this embody the worst movie i ' ve understand since the " so bad i take the air kayoed on it " " doggerel verse wholly the way ". information technology is crap on toast take a leak of crap baked in a an oven fuel by shite. it is make through and through with. nothing work in this film, as to be expected from book of joel schumacher, who hold made only i watchable film in his entire career (that being " cousin " ). here ' s a valet de chambre who admits he ' s a medicore director, a kinda charmingly self - obliterate statement. but verity be told, atomic number 2 be much worse than mediocre. not all scorn should comprise heaped on schumacher though - - akiva goldsman should non comprise earmark to write ever again. there be no patch anyplace, and the " talks " make up relentlessly shallow, preposterous, and boring. they set up mr. freezing as a tragic chassis try to cure his cryogenically quick frozen wife, then completely countermine his character by giving him the lamest one - liner. information technology turns him into a gillyflower maniacal villain who soundly enjoys his villainy or else of a brooding scientist world health organization has expend much of his life to bringing his wife from the brink of death. but that ' s equation for course - - nothing in this film form any common sense, include half of arnold schwarzenegger ' s furrow. as mr. halt, arnold represent given way too much dialogue to spit out at erst. this be the same trouble he had in " doggerel verse all the way of life ", and it seems that his austrian speech pattern be stick thicker and more unintelligible as the days whirl. in person, i reckon that he has more than pull with the directors and doesn ' t retake scenes to make him understandable. compare his dialog in the terminator series to the load of hokum that streams forth river in " batman & robin ". apparently, james cameron knows how to begin a competent carrying into action out of benedict arnold. uma thurman is not as bad, but zilch resembling honorable either. her toxicant ivy vamps around terribly, chewing up scene left wing and right hand. and her pamela isley scenes be deflower by sub - snl standard " acting ", as if she ' s reading off pool cue cards and be about to laugh at any given mo. given the " script ", it ' s a wonderment information technology didn ' t happen to a greater extent frequently. in that respect be no saving characteristic in this film - - non george clooney as batman, chris o ' donnell as old world robin, nor alicia silverstone as batgirl. michael gough is eerily sickly look as alfred, as if the conceit of his illness was prompted by his cadaverous appearance. in fact, on that point represent something unsettling about his visual aspect, which seems to have been fulfill without any shuffle - up tricks, looking as if it were scene from a documentary astir a pass man. unfortunately, every scene about alfred ' s unwellness be bungled with such incompetency that there is dead no excited vibrancy - - they scarce go through the motions, losing whatever impact the scene were suppose to impart. the movie is rife with poorly choreographed fights scenes that never turn over any sense of a big conflict - - you know at that place ' s a bunch of mass, but instead of a melee, schumacher decided to focus on a foot or a clenched fist. there ' s never a mo of fear, wonderment, beaver state mayhem. the only interesting voice of the battles scene are the freezing effects, which personify telling (and probably expensive ). even then, the combat are indeed full of camp and stupidity that they turn unwatchable. the hockey team from netherworld? non even the tv serial got that stupid (at least non on the grand scale of stupidity that " batman & robin " showcases ). frustrating also are the diverse fend for characters that walk on and cancelled with nothing to say or do. blink, and you ' ll miss elle macpherson as julie madison, vivica george fox as a " why is she even in the film " vamp in freeze ' s lair (with all of 2 lines ), and pat hingle as the near futile commissioner gordan the batman series ever had. and in what nearly seems like an effort to save on costs, vendela kirsebom has no blood line as mrs. french fries - - she isn ' t even film well enough to look good (trust me, she ' s quite an attractive exterior of this shlock ). and as if the film weren ' t bad enough to hobble along with bad direction, risky dialog, bad performances, and bad fight fit, there are inconsistencies and illogic galore. i know it ' s nit - picky to ask where the hundreds of feet of cable are stored in the batarangs, why the character ' sulfur arms aren ' t ripped out of their sockets when they accomplish a one - armed batarang write after falling hundreds of feet (while holding on to another person no less ), or where the moisture comes from when freeze ' s weapon creates tons if ice. that ' s all traditional mirthful book stuff. but wherefore does batman spring a trap for frost at a public charity result that endanger the lives of hundreds of by - standers? why be there a with child replacement clearly mark, " warmth " in mr. freeze ' s lair? why do countless bumbling police force officers yet try to take on mr. halt hand to paw? why do alfred encourage silverstone to become batgirl and even go so far as to get a causa made for her? why get along batman & robin take 10 minute to squabble before leaving the batcave in reply to an emergency? and since information technology institute early on that ivy is use pheromones, why don ' t they wear down masks to filter information technology knocked out? ace could go on and on. " batman & robin " comprise a braindead, pointless, tacky, loud pic that should still prevail as the " worst movie of the yr " by the time 1998 rolls along. note to warner bros. - - if you ' re going to make another batman film, please supplant schumacher with intimately anyone. because it could actually get worse than this. what schumacher does not realise equal that " comic book " doesn ' t mechanically equal unbearable idiocy. the true equality seems to be schumacher + batman = unendurable idiocy. 