the tagline for this plastic film equal: " some houses are just carry bad ". so i didn ' t expect to a fault much from this. but one had save a lilliputian spark of ope as i entered the theatre. 1 thought: liam neeson, cathrine zeta jones and january de bont. i thought, mabe information technology will be fun? and in fact the beginning was sort of intriguing. but by the end of information technology one think: why liam neeson and cathrine zeta jones, jan de bont?. these great actors are fundamentally helpless with this muddled slew that defies any rationality. here is the report: in the grotesquely over - decorated mansion known as hill mansion, visitors be fox by an unknown doctor (liam neeson) into being guinea pigs in a fright experiment nether the guise of an insomnia probe. among them is a sophisticated bisexual (cathrine zeta mary harris jones ), a misanthropic dope (owen president wilson) and a gentle and emotional lady (lily deems taylor ). really, the physician is search the " aboriginal fear reaction " and intends to plant disturb ideas in his subject area and watch what happens. but he get unexpected help from the menage itself. it rumble, hums and eructation forth remarkable stack. vena portae get veiny stained - glass eyeballs. a fireplace guarded by oliver stone king of beasts gape like a sinister mouth. filmy cherubic spirits take shape under sheets and billowy drape. but the computerized spooketeria rarely feels actual, order an emotional wall between audience and cover. the 2nd half of the film is basically about the main heroine running backwards and forth from the sinister lamp and evil piece of furniture. is that exciting or what? the bad thing about information technology is that information technology didn ' t have to represent bad. it ' s based on a great scripture, ` ` the haunting of j. j. hill house, ' ' by shirley helen maria fiske hunt jackson. a 1963 adaptation of the good book embody scary and intelligent. information technology played with the greatest fears of our sub conscience. " the blair witch task ", that cost less than an old car, managed to shock and terrify the interview from their senses. and with a $ lxx mill. budget, de bont and screenwriter st. david self make hash out of a perfectly lovely piece of music of terror. de bont has a style of filmmaking so out of dividing line with the material that it equal, in itself, scare. he follow the master of the profligate special consequence and the large visual adrenaline rush. but wherefore give him a more serious cloth? in the remainder " haunting " bequeath only frequent its newbie studio (dream works skg) and diamond state bont ' s career as a theatre director. until now it wouldn ' thymine be fair to say that everything is tough. the effects are in truth impressive and the house be wonderfully decorated - - beautiful, occult, sorcerous and spooky. only this is where the good things terminate. the music is claxon, the floor act, the ceiling morphing and the pictures on the wall shout out - - and all of this, every second, every mo of screen time, is dead without life. information technology ' s nada more than a special personal effects - extravaganza; visually impressive, but intellectually hollow thriller that simply doesn ' t engage. at first you do non get laid what ' s going on. is this persona of the experiment? be these hallucinations? projections of the subconscience? paranoia? but in the remainder it shows prohibited that this is actually bechance. the house embody actually possessed. information technology be at that point when all your hope for a good entertainment disappears out of the windowpane. for always, i baby sit in anticipation for a decent climax and that ' s what i generate? i believe hichock erst enjoin that " it ' s better to wait for a orgasm, than to find out one ". this may be reliable, and information technology might in reality work, but on that point exist only one problem - - jan de bont is non hichock and the thing that he shows are non scary, only stupid. they embody impossible to take seriously. any paralells that you might deliver heard before, linking this picture to kubrick ' s " the smoothen ", be absolutely baseless. " shine " had class, way, story, behave, simply most of all gift and originality. " haunting " has just special effects and art counsel to boast of. and those elements alone are not plenty to give it a full cinema. wander good actors for modest, pallid parts only makes things worse. but ane guess that no matter what i or other critic enunciate or write, most of you will see this pic anyway, even if the tagline would say: " some films comprise just put up stupefied ". 