the rich legacy of movie theater receive left us with certain indelible images. the tink christmas tree diagram bell in " information technology ' s a wonderful sprightliness. " bogie ' s speech at the airport in " casablanca. " little elliott ' siemens flying wheel, silhouette by the moon in " e. t. " and straightaway, " spaceship troopers " director paul verhoeven adds one more image that will live in our remembering forever: doogie houser doing a vulcan mind meld with a elephantine clout. " starship troopers, " slackly establish on the henry martyn robert robert anson heinlein novel, is the narrative of an interstellar war between humans and giant insects. in the work force of verhoeven, the mammoth sci - fi battle flick constitute unitary of the most astonishingly bad film ever made, a monument to inept filmmaking on a colossal exfoliation. to put it merely, it ' s a microbe bomb. in " robocop " and " total recall, " verhoeven display a natural endowment for creating an entertaining mix of violence, special effects and social satire, and " starship troopers " get going off in similar mode, with a tongue - in - cheek futurist military enlisting ad that shows promise. things go downhill fast, though, as we encounter our hero, a group of buenos aire river teens preparing to calibrate from high school. inexplicably, johnny racketeer influenced and corrupt organizations act, carmen ibenez, dizzy flores and xander barcalow be played by square - jawed anglo kidskin who front alike they just step out of a mountain dew commercial. it ' s a veritable " alpha centuri 90210 " as we watch the dear - smitten teens squabble in the name of sexual love. michael ironside act their teacher, world health organization waves around a cheesy fake severed arm while lecturing astir civil responsibilities. eventually, the minor join the military, with dreaming of glory in their wooly minded little minds. unrivaled of their classmates, carl jenkins (" doogie houser ' s " neil patrick joel harris,) snag a business in military intelligence because of his unassailable psychic ability. he displays his gift by psychically ordering a pet ferret to crawl improving his mother ' s leg. a long, dumb boot camp episode follows, enlivened only by an extensive coed shower scene where the recruits swop rattling backchat as the " showgirls " director ' s camera roams over their buff bodies. finally, a broad minute into the picture, the war lastly starts and we meet the enemy. the bugs herald from klendathu and colonise planets by hurling their spores into space. they attack starship by reel about and firing deadly plasma blasts from their rears. yes, unbelievable as it seems, the hemipterous insect actually kill with cosmic farts. a phenomenally large amount of money was spent create the computer animated insect and the results constitute miscellaneous at best. sweeping distant shot draw drove of giant bugs rush to attempt are both impressive and scarey, but the close - ups are a different matter. the insect have an left over, contrived feeling, same origami creations with a mottled plastic coating. the attack scenes equal intensely red, as one would expect from verhoeven, merely the overall look be too phony to generate any real tension. while the action is frantic, the military scheme, wildly illogical even by hollywood banner, grows tiresome quickly. verhoeven tries to spice thing up by throwing in more satiric tidings coverage, but the faux - jingoistic scenes of children " doing their region for the war exploit " by squishing roaches on a sidewalk aren ' t enough to make up for the long stretchiness of sheer dreck. one can only suppose what paul verhoeven was trying to do hither. his customary one part sarcasm, two part radical - violence pattern is way kayoed of whang, and most of the film scarcely flounders. in " showgirls " style, some scenes are almost bad enough to personify good. an intergalactic kegger party, with jake busey playing " dixie " on a green plexiglass fiddle, make a certain freaky ingathering. a sex view between two of the teens reach a smarmy charm, enhanced a few minutes later on when the female person receives a fatal jab from a bug, simply tells her submarine that she doesn ' t mind dying. " it ' s o.k., " she heave, " 1 got to take you! " and so, of course, in that location ' s doogie ' randomness idea meld with a bug. it ' s potential that verhoeven be seek to create an homage to the era of the original novel. heinlein ' s pre - " alien in a strange land " books were aimed at adolescent male person, and " spaceship troopers " has the antiseptic retro - next facial expression of late l / other 60s sci - fi. the one cityscape shown is a jetsons - similar gleaming city, with flying elevator car whizzing retiring an obvious matte painting. the hairstyles are retro too, straight from the frankie avalon, annette funicello schooling of style. ultimately, verhoeven ' s motives be irrelevant. he give birth farm a gargantuan flick that fails as an natural process film or as a social satire. it even fails to personify an entertaining bad flick. avoid " spaceship troopers " at all cost. 