iodine think peradventure it ' s time for the batman series to be place to rest. not entirely has the first two film ' unsettling insight into what it would really strike for someone to make himself into a " superhero " been abandoned, but this one throws any lingering realism out the window and goes for all - out camp with few traces of the self - mocking restraint of the comparatively light - hearted third episode. let me give you an case: in the maiden scene of the movie, batman (george clooney) and robin (chris group o ' donnell) are summoned to a museum that has been literally turned to frost by mr. freeze (arnold schwarzenegger) in an attempt to steal a diamond. mr. freeze ' s thugs are armed with none other than hockey sticks, but this is no job for our heroes: reflex skates shoot out of their shoes, at which point robin redbreast make out to get under one's skin detention of a hockey pin, grabs the diamond, and stick - handles information technology through the museum. atomic number 53 might have expected this from an aeroplane - stylus farce, simply ane preceptor ' tonne think that ' s what this movie is supposed to be. after all, the previous three batman movies were in reality fairly realistic by the standards of the superhero / action genre and keep the corny decease - refuse stunt to a minimum, while play the obligatory cheesiness with at least some total of satire. non any more; the inclination goes on and on in this one. robin holds onto the outside of a fly rocket ship xxx, 000 fundament mellow in the atmospheric state, climbing in the door to save batman. mr. freezing and poison ivy (uma thurman) leap from a skyscraper and survive by put down in a small pool. a world dominating mad scientist lives in a fortress that seems to own been steal from the old he - man cartoon. my very favorite example is the prospect in which batgirl (alicia silverstone) gets in a race with bike thugs, during which they come up with the clever impression of dousing the road with gasolene and setting information technology on attack to distract her. non spoiled, but wouldn ' t the police (oregon maybe batman? ) notice if the road was on flack? i knew gotham city be this softheaded anarchical place, but. . . . it also seem that the creators of the batman movies are obeying some unwritten dominion that in that respect have to be more independent reference and plot lines in each successive episode. as if three protagonists and 2 villains weren ' t enough, batman and robin further weighs itself down with an underdeveloped side story of the fail wellness of david bruce john wayne ' s butler alfred (michael gough ), which might have appear poignant if information technology wasn ' t surrounded by thus much silliness, as well as several scenes with elle macpherson as sir david bruce ' s girlfriend which serve no purpose former than to remind us that she is in the movie. all this might be semi - forgivable if the story comprise interesting and entertaining, but information technology isn ' deoxythymidine monophosphate. in fact, it ' s form of drilling. mr. frost and poisonous substance ivy pale in compare as villains to past baddies such as jack nicholson ' s joker and danny devito ' s penguin. their evil plot is as predictable (schwarzenegger in reality pronounces the words, " today gotham city, tomorrow the man! " ) as information technology be lame - brained (didn ' t it ever so come to poison english ivy that freezing the entire world would toss off her precious plants also? ). and robin ' s constant challenging of batman by and large simply makes him look bull - head and stupid and makes us question why batman ever would have taken him on as a partner in the initiatory place. strip outside the stars, the partiality determine figure, and the status as a " batman movie, " and all you have hither is another hardly passable summer natural action flick. 