the year is barely a calendar week old, and there is already a campaigner for the bad of 1997 - - the relic, a would - represent hair raiser that ' s more successful at cause the audience laugh than screech. in this ridiculous film from uberhack dick hyams (whose last deuce pictures be unspeakable jean - claude van damme vehicle ), a creature that feeds on the hypothalamus (hypothalamii?) of humans and animals goes on a killing spree in a chicago museum. how did this creature come into existence, and why perform information technology feed on hormones? the " scientific " account cooked up by the four - - yes, four - - credited screenwriters (amy holden jones, john raffo, rick jaffa, and amanda silver) select " suspension of unbelief " to young heights, even by teras movie standards. only as cockamamie as the science is in the plastic film, it isn ' t quite as hard to withdraw as the cast of the clueless penelope ann miller as a brilliant molecular biologist who specializes in evolutionary genetics. glenn miller deed as if she wants an academy award nomination, turning every scene that requires the svelte show of emotion into an overblown oscar cartridge clip, complete with piercing wail and glycerine tears. give it upwardly, genus penelope - - information technology ' s a _monster_movie_. on the flip side, tom sizemore just phones in his functioning as a police police lieutenant, just his purpose is thence thankless that information technology ' s heavy to imagine it being played any more efficaciously. it ' s quite funny to date a film indulge, with the straightest of face, in all those cheesy horror moving picture cliches that wes craven satirise so substantially (and so recently) in scream. for model, in 1 early scene, a museum protection precaution goes into a bathroom stall late at night. very well, we all hump what ' s coming, merely as if we didn ' t need any more confirmation, atomic number 2 pull out a joint and start puffing off. everyone knows what happens to people who execute drug in a chilling movie. and later, miller frantically consort ko'd of a museum display after she hears some suspicious heavy breathing. practice she make a beeline for the front line threshold? of course non - - she run into the dame elbow room and cowers in a stall. with all the banality, it represent only fitting the film ' s climax offer what be perhaps the most overused one in recent film: that of someone outrunning a human dynamo. if the relic be really " the next evolution in terror " as the bill poster department of state, then the repulsion film - - and humans - - is in even worse frame than we thought. 