at the end of an action prospect in " lara croft: tomb freebooter, " a rampart collapses near the nubile warrior. with her face on the base, she stare into the rubble, then grin short and says " oh, my car keys! " i mention this scene because it was the lone present moment in the unit maledict production that made pine tree state smile. based on an incredibly popular video biz, " lara croft: grave looter " is a lousy movie. the social organisation goes corresponding this: poorly - stag military action episode, boring exposition, poorly - staged activeness successiveness, boring exposition, etc. etc. , the remnant. basically, the pic exists to showcase angelina jolie ' entropy puffy lips and enhanced teat. closely - ups are framed oh - so - carefully to let in her million dollar bazooms. run scenes highlight her bouncing breasts in vintage " baywatch " fashion. there ' due south even let in a shower scene that tender a abbreviated side view of them. but the film maker are so inept they john ' t even swank the audience correctly. the one widen display of nakedness is of - mother quick for this - a cat. for no particular reason, a muscular supporting type stroll around naked for about 30 seconds, with each guess write to barely incubate his package, ? lanthanum " austin powers. " now, iodin enjoy a effective front male physical structure as much as the following gay guy, but what the hell be beefcake doing in a t & a movie aimed at heterosexual male? of course of instruction, what else should unity gestate in a film that do almost nothing right? " tomb looter " sets upwards elaborate action set pieces, so give them incomprehensible with needless jump cut editing (a promising two fold bungee cord cord conflict personify ruin by excessive cuts ). information technology anticipate a series of exotic locales, then extradite cavernous sets and grimy matte paintings with smoggy sky. cam stroke in some steal basement computer computer graphic and you terminate up with the vile movie to come down the pike in many moons. intended to live a rout out " indiana jones " style adventure, " tomb spoiler " lacks any sense of latent hostility. the low point comes when lara be " threatened " by statue of monkey warriors and a giant multi - armed shiva figure that add up to life good manners of cgi. well the lamest menaces i have always seen, the creature move similar snail and fall apart with a single stroke from a heavy weapon. if you of all time have to be chased by monsters, pray that you set about the monkey warriors. " grave despoiler " tells a narration, sort of. erstwhile every 5, 000 years, the satellite ordinate. a group of very spoiled men are kayoed to find deuce half of an object that, if reassembled scarce as the planets align, leave give them control over clip itself. lara ' s finish be to stop them and rescue her foresighted - missing poppa (jon voight, jolie ' s real life pa ). none of this matters though, because stunning crack in inner logic assure that the plot of " lara croft: tomb raider " is every bit lame as ever former aspect of the film? except angelina jolie ' s lips and breasts. 