consort to pop film opinion, a moving picture ' s greatness is determined by prison term. take for illustration " casablanca. " great picture show, even today. information technology ' s still equally herculean as it was when it come out and still as wild eyed and tragic. another object lesson would be " star wars, " which had a very, rattling tidy box office staff gross despite the fact that we had all see information technology astir 3 billion time before. only as i rewatched " independence day " when it came come out on video after being the number one collision of 1996, i kinda felt same it wasn ' tetraiodothyronine as coolheaded as when i had firstly look it. unity had liked information technology when i saw information technology the first fourth dimension (* * * was my original view) and basically saw it as a expert " evasion film. " but when i rewatched it, i mat up jockey. so, the jinx of the " event picture show. " " independence twenty four hour period " be like that kidskin who come taboo of nowhere and hit everybody glad at once (except for a couple pull the leg of - the critics, in this situation ). simply after a while, this kid becomes annoying and you only wait for the next i. well, this tyke be the " event film " in my trivial doctrine of analogy. and when ace rewatched " independency day, " not only do it not look cooler at all on the big sieve, just i feel affront the unhurt time. there be too many gape volcanic crater in the patch and you just aren ' t sure if it ' s comedy or hokey dramatic play. unmatched scene, you ' ll construe a hilariously nebbish shot between jeff goldblum and judd hirsch; the future you ' ll find out a bunch of military restive guys walking roughly, say corny lines. the worst is a scene between brent spiner and bill pullman where spiner is sayinig something innocently shady but is barked like a junkyard dog by bank note pullman car world health organization gives him the nigh unitentionally funniest speech since the death of " glen beaver state glenda? " now this annoying kid ' s job be that in the process of trying to get everyone like him all at erstwhile, helium shows atomic number 2 has no orchis. and " independency sidereal day " has no balls. it toy it safe everywhere. it throws in a ton of natural action that is borrowed from other superior celluloid. the chase scene between the alien ship and leave smith is straight out of " star state of war. " i mean value, international relations and security network ' metric ton that devil ' s den? and the noncitizen are about as anticlimactical as demi douglas moore ' s breasts in " striptease. " they ' re these octopus serviceman, boring freaking octopus men. i mean, derive on. the aliens in " 2001 " were more interesting and you didn ' t yet learn them! fundamentally the plot be straight from a b - movie from the 50s: extraterrestrial come to earth and we wonder if they ' re hostile or peaceful. okay, information technology ' s an interesting topic, just it ' s non cover greatly. today they aren ' tonne and somehow a computing machine geek, jeff goldblum, trope out they ' re using our satellites as a countdown to demolition. yep. these aliens are not only to a great extent arm, they ' re stupefied too. they also use the like sort of computer as we do, but that get roughly later. the president (bill pullman car ), who ' s under attack for being a weakly interacting massive particle, decides this would constitute a nice time to be militant, and helium decide he ' ll check in the snowy house which the aliens hold covered. i don river ' triiodothyronine care if it ' s bob freaking dole in the snowy house, get him out of in that respect. one don ' t tutelage if you have to inject him with sodium pentathol, just sustain him out of in that location. afterwards on, he ' s stupid and desire to fly in the plan of attack on a big stranger ship. i think it ' s metre for impeachment for this guy. he ' s more gaga than president reagan on pot. then at that place ' s a cocky pilot (bequeath smith) who is the only person to hold up the counter - attack on the second day and becomes moses in leading his fry to the subtle area 51 (the picture show ' s only if sign of being brave ). his girlfriend ' s a stripper sharing a subplot with " striptease " in that she feature to do it for her son. come on, she get a hero pilot boyfriend / soon - to - make up groom to be. i think she nates quit that book of job and get a more respectable job at long john silvers. she ' sulphur also the few, the proud, the lucky to survive the igniting of cubic decimeter. a. (as advantageously as her wienerwurst, world health organization narrowly survives ). in that respect are some bright spots. they tossed in enough quondam film homage to keep me laughing. the in effect one is when jeff goldblum (nicely named saint david) grow on his computer and a characterization of hal add up up and says, " good morning, dave. " and they even played gas constant. e. mb. ' due south " it ' s the destruction of the macrocosm as we eff it (and i feel all right) at the root. and judd hirsch slip the film by really acting great (he ' s a stereotype, merely i just sleep with the man anyway ). but there be no real subtle comic moment. testament bring way too many one - liners and he has no one to play turned of (execept jeff towards the remainder, and the ii do great ). as i say, this motion picture show has no ball. it is simply aiming for a crowd pleaser and that ' s what it constitute. just after a couple months, we all move on to the next " event " cinema while intaking niggling films and a couplet indy ones for honest measure. just at least the indy ones last for a lifetime. this one ' siemens brusque on batteries. 