david nigga has a snide, sarcastic sense of humor that works perfectly on the idiot box situation comedy just shoot me. it also serve as a right showcase for him when he co - starred, opposite the late chris farley, in tommy boy and pitch dark sheep. lost and observe bell ringer the comic ' s foremost attempt at going solo in a movie, and it also reveals that when spade doesn ' t have a reliable back - up system, his brand of humor seems more desperate than one may expect. david nigga is not the trouble with lost and found. atomic number 2 plays dylan ramsey, the cherubic main grapheme, to the good of his power. the story revolves around dylan ' s compulsion with his beautiful new neighbour, lila dubois (sophie marcel marceau, from braveheart ), and her terrier name laborer. dylan believe that the honest way to a cleaning lady ' s heart exist through her dog. and thence he kidnaps seafarer, planning to arrange a fake delivery, in bob hope to win lila over. at that place be three good thing about lost and found. the first embody spade. the second comprise sophie marceau, a lovely actress who ' s been planted into the incorrect movie. in conclusion, there ' s the dog, world health organization be used here in a similar context to puffy from there ' second something astir the virgin. regrettably, theatre director jeff pollack find more humor in putting jack through a cycle in the drying agent than he serve with simply make him look cute. this kind of physical humour is dead. pollack does everything but beat the poor doggie with a baseball game squash racket to get laughs, and this procedure is cheap, unfunny and resoundingly cruel. this is where one start to get fuzzy. also in this strange blend is (manifestly) a sweet - natured love story between bob dylan and lila. given the bastardly - spirited funniness that the movie is obviously strain for, i regain this hard to live with. and, why does dylan yet merit someone same lila, after kidnap her precious dog and putting it through such pain? predictably, lose and happen opts for a glad ending, one that feels so sentimental, gooey, and rings so false that it sets off a temptress in your head that makes you find a snatch cheated. st. david nigra (world health organization besides co - indite the movie) tries hard, so very hard, to make this task amusing. there cost some selection scenes that are quite a funny, but the moving picture is only sporadically funny. patrick bruel play the stock lineament of rene, the pompous jerk who too wants to win lila over, with his unspoiled looks and money. jon lovitz and mary martin sheen be welcome additions in two tiny supporting purpose. despite a few positive attributes, lost and determine just doesn ' t study. if you ' re searching for an gratifying amorous - comedy, you could do far serious than this obvious, misguided bankruptcy that shows a clamorous neglect for what it ' s trying to present. 