plot of land: two sister enchantress receive to live with a cuss placed upon their family, which prevents them from ever enjoy a total life with a lover. the hex invokes the eventual dying of their loved one. when one of their past loves come backwards to haunt them, they have to count on a direction extinct of their eternal quandary. critique: i ' ve personify waiting for a good witch movie for a while straightaway, but hold on to your brooms and conjuration, suit this puppy is far from being information technology! for a film that receive the intelligence " magic " in information technology deed of conveyance, this movie contains very few mo of magic. .. oregon body fluid for that matter, drama, suspense, operating room romance language. advantageously actually, at that place is some manufactured romance within a plot that is so muddled, it ne'er lease you in on whether information technology ' s a comedy, a play, a horror show, or a slaying mystery. oregon maybe information technology ' s a romance, eh? information technology doesn ' t really matter, cause the characters in the film are therefore deadening and uninteresting, that you have absolutely no foundation on which to handle for them, or the film as a whole. if only the filmmakers take spend as much metre on the plot of ground as they arrange the sinfully obvious soundtrack, this film might ' ve had a chance to represent more than what it is directly. which is an unentertaining, stinky flick that uses the witch angle as a diversionary tactic to wind us aside from its grab - bag of stupid voice - overs, overdone songs, histrionic romance, undeveloped chronicle and uneven playing. i solely wish that i could make that one hour and forty - pentad minutes of my life rhenium - appear, merely alas, information technology be lost in the unearthly mankind of " interesting ideas gone wildly awry ". small known facts about this flick and its stars: this film is based on the novel write by alice hoffman. co - screenwriter akiva goldsman also compose the screenplay for 1997 ' s batman & robin. director griffin dunne is known in the main as an actor in such plastic film as an american wolfman in london and after hours. 