by - the - number: a film which introduces character, situations, dilemma and developments that we ' ve seen in front in a parade of early films. a motion picture which can easily be guessed away by the end of frame number i. a film which is tamp down to the cap with predictability, leading to very little tension, excitation, suspense surgery interest on the theatrical role of its paying interview. in short, a clich? - ridden formula film. welcome to my review of the oecumenical ' s daughter. plot: an surreptitious united states army tec and a rape counselor find themselves locked inside an probe into some bigwig world wide girl ' mho rape, twisting and murder. they must dig through all of the unuttered army rule and the hush - hushes, to figure out the conspiracy behind the appall execution. critique: by the numbers (visualize above ). this film is just at that place. it sit there on the big screen for a couple of hours, floats around, go away, hopefully ne'er to be find out from once again. it is so predictable that even a subterfuge man could interpret it plot points coming a mile away. information technology ' s equally suspenseful as a leaf dropping from a tree. it ' s as action mechanism - packed as a canadian curling tournament. baffle the picture? i sure perform. .. it ' second too bad that information technology take my ally and i less than two minutes to figure out the entire plot of ground, and to break consume each panorama before it was even completed. easy as pie. it ' s unfortunate because james woods and john travolta really cause one extremely enjoyable scene unitedly nigh the beginning of the film, simply ala, metric ton ' be not to be (that scene alone scored two of my 4 points allotted. ) woods chews it improving in the few scenes that he ' atomic number 16 in, travolta passes the exam, cromwell plays, well, ironsides, and harriet beecher stowe is window decorate with a grinning (mia since 12 monkeys (8 / 10) information technology seems ). and this predictability isn ' metric ton reserved only to those who have discover films like bravery under flack or a few good men, it runs deep inside every unrivaled of us who knows to suspect someone as presently as they envision their obvious shamefaced mug on the with child screen. information technology ' s like riding a wheel. other scenarios which sponge out any tension, suspense or involvement from this celluloid include every single character eventually " breaking down " to the investigators without much reason given, a ridiculously localise background relationship between two of the lead characters, as much action as my grandparents bedroom nightly, and a directorial panache that can only reward director simon west with a solid nomination for the " best poor man ' s michael bay do his best poor man ' s impression of tony scott " (add two scenes with sunlight shining through some half - open shades for grit and wholeness, and an all - out rainfall for the finale for farther chaos, and you ' re a great director. oscitance. yeah, whatever tony. .. atomic number 53 mean value, simon. ) and aren ' t we all sick of hearing about these u. s. army " high risk boys " and their overdone " code of silence "?! adequate already! next subject, please. see information technology on video if you wanna hang asleep after seeing a very much substantially picture like an officer and a gentleman (8. 5 / 10 ). otherwise, salvage yourself the trouble and survive take a bullshit instead. you ' ll feel much better afterwards. trust pine tree state. piffling known facts about this moving picture show and it stars: ironically, john travolta turned down feather the lead part in an officer and a gentleman, which eventually went to little dickie gere. ironically on james woods ' parting, he completed one of his earliest move purpose on tv ' s " welcome backwards, kotter ", starring none other than john travolta. actor james woods late confirm report of his " big dick " on catherine howard butt ' s radio program. dissimilar rocker tommy lee, wood is also alleged to have an i.q. of 180. he apparently score a perfect 800 on his verbal sats and a 779 on the mathematics plane section. what a man! john travolta is tie to actress kelly preston, and they have a logos distinguish jett (travolta hump them planes! ). word of god on the street is that the kid comprise apparently consider during a weekend at demi g. e. moore and bruce thomas willis ' home. director simon west ' s first film cost the boche bruckheimer produced con atmosphere (6. 5 / 10 ). before that, he aim idiot box commercials including the budweiser ad with the dancing emmet. yippee! old timer director john frankenheimer (ronin (7. v / tenner ), the manchurian candidate) portrays the character of oecumenical sonnenberg in this film. the imdb account that when senator robert kennedy was shoot at the ambassador hotel in los angeles on june 5, 1968, it was his good friend john frankenheimer who get personally driven him there that sidereal day. clarence williams iii, world health organization plays colonel fowler in this film, is known to some from his role as " linc " in the original " mod squad " telly serial. new folk whitethorn recollect him as prince ' s father in purple rain. 