" computer virus " is a monster movie without a ogre. any movie with a hurdle that orotund to overcome birth better be pretty bloody good otherwise. woefully, " virus " serve not deliver, on any point. the movie opens with the russian infinite place mir about to channel something (we never find out what) to a boastful gravy boat with lots of satellites on information technology. sudddenly, a undulation of colorful lightning comes flying done quad, and winds astir destroying mir and using it to transmit itself to the aforementioned big boat. cut to sevener days later, we meet donald sutherland and his band of seafaring vultures. see, they spend all their time sailing about look for all in - in - the - urine ships to rescue, and then collect the reinforcement money. at least, ane * consider * that ' s what they do. along with many early things in the film, their grounds for be out in the middle of the ocean isn ' t really explained. so, they slip up upon this big boat with lots of satellites on information technology, and decide to haul it backward to russian waters. the only problem is, the gang starts vanish matchless - by - one and turning into borg. yes, borg. complete with the red laser ray of light in billet of an eye. apparently, this exotic lifeform can only go if inside something electrical. so, information technology make make - geological fault machines and uses mankind for " spare parts ". rant, blah, blah. i could go on always describing the ludicrous so - visit plot of land, but one won ' t. suffice information technology to say the to the highest degree original affair astir this movie is have donald sutherland play an irish military personnel (! ). everything else in this movie has personify taken from other (best) motion picture. for representative, many of the political machine resemble those found in the trivial - seen japanese movie, " tetsuo - the iron man ". and the plot is right out of " stranger ". the queer matter is, iodine was actually expecting to enjoy this movie. i have a soft spot for cheesy monster pic, same last years nether - comprehended " cryptical rising ". but " computer virus ", as i mentioned in the beginning, doesn ' t yet take in a monster. information technology just ingest a big pile of racing circuit and wires and expect the consultation to fear this cockeyed looking contraption. " virus " is the eccentric of film that really makes you wonder what the film writer be thinking about when atomic number 2 wrote it. besides the lame " monster ", it ' s chock full of dialog that no real individual would of all time say, and situations that no real mortal would ever permit themselves to get into. for example, thither is a scene of late in the movie in which single of the characters actually effort to * negotiate * with the alien! immediately, one don ' t have sex about you, but if i came upon a lifeform that viewed mankind as a computer virus to be obviate, 1 doubt that atomic number 53 would seek to reason with it. that take in about every bit much sense as a baby squirrel calmly asking a furious vulture to spare his life. in the end, " computer virus " international relations and security network ' t scary. the least the film producer could have done be to make the motion picture show just a piffling chilling. as it be, it ' s about as frightening as a box seat of cookies. skip " computer virus ". if it ' s a coolheaded monster picture show you need, rent the far superior (and the granddaddy of this genre) " alien ". 