" payback, " brian helgeland ' s inauspicious directing debut (coincidently, he previously write the award - winning screenplay for 1997 ' s " l. a. confidential " ), is a wildly uneven and thoroughly unpleasant retaliation thriller that takes one idea - - - a movie with non - stop violence, death, and villains - - - and run with it, or should i say, hardly manages to crawl away with it. mel gibson, in yet another disappointing moving picture show (" conspiracy theory " and " lethal weapon system 4, " anyone? ), stars as the reprehensible villain / torpedo, porter, a man who becomes determined to get his fifty% share of $ 140, 000, which atomic number 2 stole in a robbery, back when his partner - in - crime (gregg henry) and drug - addict wife (deborah kara unger) double - cross him, shoot him, and leave him for dead. porter follow not all in, even so - - - not by a long shot - - - as atomic number 2 quickly rehabilitate and, along with his truehearted prositute lady friend, rosie (maria bello ), sets out to make everyone involved in the scam pay. the tagline for " payback " is, " have ready to root for the bad guy, " and sure plenty, this is true, as moderately much every significant graphic symbol world health organization appear is crook in some way. i wouldn ' t induce a problem with this offbeat detail if the painfully thin story had been of any interest, simply it wasn ' t, and therefore, atomic number 53 found myself having an peculiarly grueling clip endue myself into a wide array of character that have absolutely no redeeming qualities whatsoever. no attempt embody pee to flesh the roles into trey - dimensional characters, and there are no vacant sign that anyone has any sort of humanity in them. hardly because the protagonist, a " bad guy, " be bet by mel mel columcille gerard gibson doesn ' t mean value ace testament " root for him, " and i didn ' t. quite the obstinate, every somebody in the motion picture show deserve to croak a gory death (although some of them act, anyway, just to spice astir the softened proceedings ). since none of the respectable actors in " payback " in reality cause human existence to play, only 1 performance finagle to stand away. lucy alexis liu (of t. v. ' s " ally mcbeal " ), who diddle a spicy s & m dominatrix, brightens astir every scene she is in, and has a definite flair for clowning, something i would have liked to ingest seen more of, since most of the humor fell with a resounding splat. meanwhile, gibson, world health organization be absolutely fine hither, sleepwalks through a role that is not the least bit challenge. unger, who made an belief in 1997 ' s " the game, " is surprisingly emaciate and it follow difficult to see wherefore she took such a role since she vanish ten minutes in, and only has two purproses: (unity) to get high on heroin, and (2) because she wager a key part in an early flashback. finally, crease kristofferson appears in a throwaway role during the climax, and this unnecessary plot development sticks away like a sore thumb (tellingly, he didn ' t appear in the original cut of the film, just be cast when all encompassing reshoots took place calendar month later ). corresponding most action movies, the star often takes a thrashing merely keep on ticking. in the course of the 102 - minute move meter of " retribution, " porter is shot three times in the back, rack up by a van, beaten up, and make his feet crush with a sledge. and pretend what? non only does helium survive the whole ordeal, merely he is felicitous - depart - lucky in the penultimate episode (and can still walk! ), even though he looks like he take late substitute for a punching bag. " payback " is not, in any way, an entertaining film, even though ane embody certain the makers hoped it would be with all the pictorial massacre that goes on, merely take away that violence and what you be basically left with is a blank screen. perhaps director helgeland would hold been fresh to consider this, so he could take at least added a few worthwhile chemical element, corresponding a fresh storyline and character reference whom you could even remotely stand to follow around for a few hours. 