advantageously, here ' s a distasteful, thoroughly amateurish token that, amazingly, was actually a box seat - place hitting at the time of it departure. after barely see the cinema for the maiden clip, my primary doubtfulness is how did anyone with an iq north of 35 enjoy this picture? it is trashy, idiotic, unfunny, and non nearly every bit raunchy as ace had heard it was. at least some smut would have invigorate thing up a bit. " porky ' second, " tells the story (if you can call information technology that) of four clueless mellow school buddies, pee wee (dan monahan ), billy (mark herrier ), tommy (wyatt knight ), and mickey (roger wilson ), whom desperately need to start laid. women, for the most region, are a mystery to them (and in this movie, they are to the consultation, as considerably, since all of them are drop a line and acted as if they be aliens from a unlike planet ). their plan is sidetracked, however, when they speculation out to a smarmy comic strip stripe named porky ' s, which they are able to stick into using imitation id ' s. after they pay the managing director one - hundred long horse for trey street girl, they are played a deception on and ascertain themselves being dumped into the swamp below the building. for these four teenage guy, this means warfare on porky ' s. " porky ' s, " ultimately deal to fail on well nigh every possible stage. as a teenage sex - tomboy, it is non wild operating theatre amusing enough. as a comedy, all of the joke are predictable and gloaming flat. as a flavor back at the 1950 ' s, information technology is something, 1 distrust, most people from that era would want to bury deep in a grave accent. and as a revenge film, information technology is a beat bore. ace of the well nigh offensive things about, " porky ' s, " is how jaw - droppingly inaccurate the film cost about stripling. the iv main characters are not even attempt to be develop as persona, and we discover very little about them, except that they are turned on and would probably feel to a greater extent comfortable in a preschool. that sure is revealing info. the distaff reference fare even worse under the inaudacious screenplay and direction by bob william clark. the women are entirely treat as objects or drollery props, rather than existent people. for instance, the ii gym teachers, mrs. balbricker (nancy parsons) and honeywell (kim cattrall ), but make unitary purpose, and that is to be made fun of. mrs. balbricker is a gruff, no - holds - barred, overwight woman world health organization will not resist for any stupidity, and, in one particularly sticky scene for all involved, honeywell has sexual activity with a coach and barks comparable a hot dog. there is no way to tell if parsons or cattrall are servicable actresses (even though single accept the suspicion they be not ), but one affair is for certain: they be asked to do things in this film that are not at all good story, only humiliating. to shew how out - of - ghost this so - called comedy be, compare it to other more than serious 80 ' s motion picture show astir teenagers, and it looks yet bad in comaprison. any of the john lackland hughes pictures, such as 1984 ' s " xvi candles, " or, 1985 ' s " the breakfast guild, " put, " porky ' s, " at an even greater pity. those films actually dealt with unplayful teenaged matters, but remained a great deal funnier, thanks to their bright and true writing. and heck, if, " porky ' sulphur, " wanted to be a teenage sex movie, i ' d take 1982 ' s " fast time at ridgemont high, " or 1982 ' s " the final american virgo the virgin, " over this any day of the hebdomad. music director bob clark live not a bad director. two long time after helium make, " porky ' second, " helium directed the nostalgic vacation classic, " a christmas narrative. " one would forgive him for this misfire, in fact, if information technology wasn ' t for the fact that atomic number 2 also wrote the screenplay. just the thought that someone would actually sit down to write such a piece of garbage, and think that information technology was actually a film deserving releasing unto the unsuspicious world, is in reality a whole lot funnier than anything in, " porky ' southward. " 