" marie couldn ' t talk, " paulie, the parrot adept of his own movie, tells us astir the girl in his original syndicate. " papa couldn ' t listen. and mom couldn ' t header, so they get rid of me. " paulie, the autobiography of a talking, not simply a mimicking, parrot, has jay mohr in the lead function of the shuttle - the voice, not the body - and as the minor character of benny, a small - time crook who uses paulie to overstretch off small scams like stealing twenty from atms. as the parrot, mohr is delightful when director whoremaster roberts provide him to abridge up. benny, on the other script, be a persona you ' ve see a thousand clip before, and mohr brings nothing new to that role. kenneth roberts ' s deliberately slow pacing of laurie craig ' s script lends a subtle bouquet to its humour but creates some definite problems. when a kids ' picture wants to mosey along, learn forbidden. if the textile is not crisp and dead composed, beauty fanny sometimes dissolve into boredom. so information technology is with paulie. when they let their bird do his stand - up comedy routine, the show hum and the audience bellowing. besides often, however, a sleepy eyed muteness ensues among the viewers as they wait for the narrative to pickup again. tony shalhoub, the smart - mouthed chef from big dark, plays misha, a recent russian immigrant to the uracil. s. he had been a teacher of literature at home base, but now he makes his living as a janitor in the animal research lab to which paulie has exist taken for study. although misha arrive a few gracious lines (" i ' one thousand russian. i like foresightful write up. " ), his sombre piece seems designed only to elicit our understanding. besides paulie, the lonesome persona deserving noting - other than 2 cute small portion act by cheech marin and gina rowlands - is the speech - afflicted marie, played in a precious performance by cinematic fledgling, little phoebe - year - old hallie kate eisenberg. by nature enchanting, she give the picture genuine substance. the forged tidings is that her part embody confined to the maiden half. the best fit give the bird dancing and strutting to show off his comedic skills. when marie ' s family gets a kat, for exercise, the skirt, world health organization hasn ' t wanted to learn how to fly until then, pick out an instant interest in soaring. trick the guy while insulting him at the same time, paulie telephone him a stupid hairball. their rapid physical antics summate to the bodily fluid of the situation. it ' s serious quality sitcom material but performed by brute. when single of the human without much of a voice begins to blab out, paulie cringes. " i ' m a bronx cheer, " he explains with his oft pernicious humor. " i give a pocket size brain, and it ' s about to detonate. " the movie contains full bodied dos of john debney ' s dreamy euphony. with gruelling habit of a solo fiddle, he keeps reenforce the flick ' s heart - warming themes. and when paulie finally takes sour in trajectory, the orchestra comes up loud and strong with cymbal clashing. " it ' s a long narration, " read paulie. " information technology ' s the only kind atomic number 2 knows, " muse misha. and the motion picture, which runs the standard length for a kid ' movie, all the same feel too long. the skillful parts are enthralling, but then at that place embody all of those dead spots in - between. paulie equal a movie that never quite a lives up to its promise but manages to tempt yet. paulie runs 1: thirty two. it represent raged pg for a few mild profanity and would follow fine for all ages. my son, jeffrey, age nine, give the movie * * with his big ailment being that there wasn ' t enough action. he call up paulie was mirthful, and the actress that played marie was quite a good. his champion sam, almost ix, thought the movie make up " awing, first class, " and gave information technology * * * *. he thought paulie was honorable, only he didn ' t believe the way marie ' s actor's line impediment was acted. 