jessica lange be unmatched of the most inconsistent actress working today. from meter - to - prison term, she blows aside hearing with powerful, intense functioning. on the other hand, this be the same adult female who make her jaw - droppingly awful characteristic debut in dino delaurentiis ' king kong. and, much as dorothea lange would probably prefer movie - goers to develop memory loss regard that particular entry on her curriculum vitae, every once in a spell she does work that is remindful of it, if exclusively in timber. stillness is one such example. lange is so bad here that she power receive been fun to watch if the relaxation of the film wasn ' deoxythymidine monophosphate such a prime example of move photo boredom. the film spread out, as many so - call " psychological thrillers " do, by stupefy as a light drama. we embody introduced to michael jackson (johnathon schaech, last encounter in tom hanks ' that thing you act!) and helen (gwyneth paltrow ), a depiction arrant young duad world health organization are very much in love. jackson be taking helen menage for the holidays so she can touch his mother, martha (lange ). the moment i first go steady martha, i started wait for fangs. presently, the arch witch of the east is plotting a style for her word to begin helen pregnant (this affect pound a jam in a diaphragm ). formerly that destination is accomplished, she manipulates events so that the expecting dyad move taboo of new york city to the horse farm where she last. equally long as she gets her way, martha be a perfectly amicable soul, but when helen defies her, it ' s a resolution of warfare. still deliver three very simple problems: it ' sulfur incredibly dumb, it ' s incredibly drilling, and it ' s fabulously predictable (at least upward to the stupefying end ). this film has absolutely zilch to urge information technology, with the exception of a dyad of nice shots of snow - covered fields and a quick glimpse of gwyneth paltrow ' s bare buttocks. candidly, information technology ' s embarrassing to view a respected actress of dorothea lange ' s stature give a performance like this - - it ' s same a spoilt blanche dubois (the part she played in a 1995 tv translation of a streetcar named desire ). meanwhile, paltrow does her best to make through with her dialog without gaping at the stupidity of some of her line, and schaech try a passable imitation of an inanimate object. as in all psychological thriller, the conflict lines are clear drawn. here, information technology ' s mom and against wife, with jackson catch in the center. of course, since schaech ' s character personify poorly - developed and bad acted, it ' s impossible to say how he feel astir being in that berth. possibly someone should ask him if he ' s familiar with king oedipus. martha is, of row, the malevolent one. how do we know she ' s evil? she smokes cigarettes and drinks hard liquor - - ii sure sign that the old nick is at work. on the early hand, helen comprise a good young woman. the evidence for this is that she ' s nice to erstwhile ladies and care for a locket with a movie of her idle parents. that ' s about information technology for character growth. beyond that pointedness, stillness is just a serial of increasingly hard - to - swallow concurrence, contrivances, and moronic plot twist. nevertheless, the beginning 85 minutes are just a strong - up for the ending, which is every bit anticlimactical as information technology is profoundly dissatisfying. one can ' t imagine anyone, no topic what they thought of the movie as a whole, liking this conclusion. either there be some serious last - minute editing oregon someone left verboten a few page of the script. before the climax, i disliked stillness; by the time the remnant credits started, unity hated information technology. viewers invest something in every movie they watch, no matter how good beaver state risky it be. cheating them like this is loathsome and unpardonable. most entries into this raddled - taboo, twist - eaten genre aren ' t especially good. movie comparable consenting adults, the script that rocks the provenance, and single white female person rely on stock patch and predictable twists to propel the narrative along. in cosmopolitan, nonetheless, they ' re directed with a degree of competency that control a level of sustained tension. that ' s not the case with really defective thriller like this, which fail to generate yet a momentary heart palpitation - - the case are too bland and the plot of ground is too uninvolving for anyone in the audience to give care. indeed, the deed of conveyance of this movie believably refers to what the producers desire viewers will do in position of telling their friends what they really intend of this dingy slice of celluloid. 