i didn ' t detest the big bang, even though it is a stupefyingly terrible motion picture. for the entirety of its running time, my eyes were attached to the screen, and i ne'er at one time find bored. i found the flick interesting because of its unique terribleness: this is such a confused cataclysm of a moving picture show that it ' s entertaining to watch it in the same way that it ' s entertain to witness a thirty car pileup on a freeway spaghetti bowl. as a narrative, the big collision is pure garbage, never in truth deciding it music genre and constantly crossing all form of boundaries. it remind maine a quite a little of grosse pointe blank, which is a similar picture show that fails in a lot of the same ways. it ' s amercement to mix genres, if the film almighty know what they ' re doing. unfortunately, writer ben ramsey and conductor kirk wong preceptor ' t seem to bonk how to handle the material, and the resultant role is an action film that wants to be a drollery. the biggest problem with the uniting, in this character, is that the flick is absurd and the clowning is extinct of stead. but it for sure is a gripping failure. marky. . . er, mark wahlberg stars as melvin surley, a gun for hire. he ' s a good gun, apparently, although his maneuver appear a bit rambunctious (he doesn ' t snipe or make clean kills - - he just kick the door down and shoots everything ). atomic number 2 works with a few former gun - - cisco (lou diamond phillips ), crunch (bokeem woodbine ), and vinnie (antonio sabbato, jnr. ). they ' re a nice bunch of muscular guys, world health organization stand around in the locker elbow room after work out and liken masturbation to sex. they all work for a humanity named french capital (avery brooks ), who is racy, powerful, and in never ending need of four sloppy hitmen. it is rattling significant that they never go beyond their party boss and perform work on their ain; this, of course, is where the plot comes in. they decide to kidnap a young nipponese girl call keiko (china zhou ), who bear a rich forefather. when they do this, it turns out she is paris '. . . goddaughter! information technology ' s very uncollectible to suffer paris against you. the story be standard activity film stuff. information technology ' s nada new, and nothing particularly offensive (but for certain not the slightest moment oblige ). clearly the major selling point of the big strike be that it ' s a john woo - case of action picture mixed in with some truly hip comedy. information technology ' s lawful that a lot of the legal action episode resemble recent films that go for the like mind (such as face / off and the substitute killers, which are both far superior ). there are stunt that be fun to take in: the opening sequence have melvin and two of his partners die in to kill some guy who has nix to execute with the story. they expend night vision goggles and really powerful pistol. melvin is as well very honest at breakdancing, and uses this talent to debar bullets and tongue. like 1 said, it ' s not ho hum; most disasters aren ' t. what makes it and so speculative is its genre - shifting madness. it seems to begin out as a offbeat - but - naturalistic action clowning, as melvin is seen transporting bag of human remains. then, every bit soon as they extend to their first hit, it turns into a medicine video with eubstance and bullet flying everywhere. then, somewhere in between, information technology turn over back into comedy. keiko turns out to be a gamy little girl; in one amusing view, she exist forced to read a letter of the alphabet out loud, indicate that she has been kidnapped, merely the letter be littered with grammatical errors that skew the meaning of the words. and scenes like this work alone, only wong applies this goofy spirit to scenes that should be to a greater extent serious, operating theater not make up in the flick at all. one of the about irritating moments has paris ordering cisco to issue forth upward to his office after he learns that keiko has been kidnapped; when cisco gets there, capital of france and his men are support around as if they knew lake herring did it, but they let him proscribed of on that point, secern him to find the perpetrator. the panorama is played for laughs, just it isn ' t funny story. and since it doesn ' t quite work as a drollery, it tries to fall back on the activeness, which likewise fails. this is a film where people wing 15 feet backwards when gibe with a handgun. cars put down on tree branches and cost support by them. fictitious character betray each other without a 2d thought. grenade are thrown in cockeyed places. the great unwashed jump forbidden of tall buildings and survive. hoi polloi outrun tumbling railroad car, and get out of the manner of fall object in diminished fractions of seconds. most frustrating of all, though, be the film ' s definition of a collision human: these hombre are anything but subtle, quiet, and skilled soul. they ' re to a greater extent like socially pervert militia men (melvin has an extensive aggregation of piece in his service department, including missile launchers and hand - held machineguns ). the graphic symbol each have one trait that distinguishes them from the rest; this manifestly doesn ' thyroxine make for mysterious operating room interesting people to watch. the acting cost form of fun, though - - wahlberg be a good thespian, and his innocuous presence in this flick is charming in a silly sort of way. phillips sure enough has fun with his psychotic character, while christina applegate, world health organization act melvin ' s fianc? vitamin e, be convincingly air - headed. the big hit is an action moving picture that unknowingly burlesque itself in adjudicate to be funny. the funniest parts be supply by the actors, and not by the legion run out attempts at sight muzzle and one - liner. information technology ' s a true disaster, one that pretend pine tree state believe that the goofy and unrealistic tonicity is completely unintentional. despite all this, though, i moldiness reiterate the entertainment economic value hither. you can cherish the terribleness of a picture show same this. if you embrace the self aggrandizing hit for the catastrophe that it is, you barely might love yourself. 