" pokemon 3: the movie " take in a lot of bad thing in it. first of all it ' s a plot of ground heavy muckle that has bad vox talent, badly written book and fantastic living. the first film come in out the end of 1999 and embody a brobdingnagian hitting grossing almost $ 90 million domestically. a sequel soon followed and even take a leak $ xlv million. warner has released their third movie based on the vastly popular video game and television receiver series and information technology a waste of time and celluloid. this meter ash ketchum and his friends are on their way to the johto battles (which my little brother told pine tree state the new spinoff is " pokemon: the johto journeys " so go figure) anyway helium comes in tangency with a young girl who ' s father has evaporate after trying to discover the unown. they are small pokemon with a potent punch and have great psychic ability. the unown bring unitedly their psychic abilities and create entei a powerful legendary pokemon who barriers young molly ' randomness firm and creates every wish she want. like a shot it ' s up to ash and his supporter to stop this pokemon entei and designate him to be a good pokemon rather than a bad one. too tough very that this is a bad movie, surprisingly the first movie was entertain and slightly absorbing, the irregular be a piece of trash and this one constitute almost in between. it give birth some good quality (vitality, message in the remainder) but the flaw seem to overpower the goods. i ' m still non sure what the big thing is about pokemon, they be ugly little beast who speak their own public figure for their language (besides meowth, my personal favorite) and you don ' t understand what they are saying. my little brother hardly thought the motion picture show embody amazing, and i kept leaning complete and asking him hap, oregon what pokemon that was. his reception was a big talking to of how this be that, and that be this. .. he sure did put pine tree state in my seat. with the second and third movie equal bad, i have a feeling pokemon 4: the movie power be a full bout every bit well. " pokemon 3: the picture " take some redeeming lineament for the kids, and the pokemon fans volition delve every moment of this film. for those parent and / or brother and sisters who take to pose through with this. .. bring a pillow. 