i have little against remakes and updates of older films and tv serial. if there ' mho a testament, there ' s a manner; and i conceive that anything, no affair how great or hero worship can be effectively improved upon. this is the reasonableness that i responded and so well to gus vanguard sant ' sulfur universally panned update of psycho; i recollect it to be not alone an intriguing cinematic experience, but also very on - par with an original. simply one do have a big problem with remakes that embody blatantly bad. you see, the point of a remaking is, surgery at least it should equal, to iron out out the original ' s flaws and make for the work that a great deal closer to greatness or yet perfection. simply what if the source material on which the remaking is based international relations and security network ' t any good to begin with? that is the only cinematic question pondered by the bland actioner the mod squad. i ' ve only see a couple episodes of the late 60s boob tube serial publication on which it is based, and to personify honest, i didn ' thyroxine like it all that much. it has a concept that - - and still is - - interesting; a group of corrupt young adults, all in their early 20s are given a choice: they either hold out to jail for the respective crimes that they all have committed, beaver state they can become undercover cops, help the police cause into place that they normally wouldn ' t be able to access. obviously, all three opt for the latter option and become clandestine policemen (and police matron ). the three master characters here be played by claire danes, omar epps and giovanni ribisi. of the three, only if danes has a real character. ribisi ' s dunce 20 year old is played solely for laughs; epps ' somewhat to a greater extent intelligent unrivaled live used to create various chase scenes. when the squad ' s superviser gets killed polish off and his reputation dirtied in death, the three of them, for certain that their beloved master was frame, go off and investigate on their own, discovering corrupt cops, lots and lots of expensive whores and very lucrative drug operations. all kinds of unspoiled stuff! the only times that the mod squad comes even close to working constitute in its comedic moment. although ribisi be a trite actor and his quality recapitulate motion picture show after movie, his humans here is really kind of amusing, when the script gives him a chance. epps ' straight man be effectively played against ribisi ' s clueless spontaneousness. but the rest of the moving picture cost dull, boring and singularly uninteresting. a drug - op activeness plot is no more longer anything new, not yet with teenage action heroes, and the way it ' atomic number 16 executed here, it ' s also nowhere skinny exciting oregon suspenseful. claire danes ' character has potential, just it is bury under heaps of platitude and her performance be too restrain. she could have been a tour - de - force, but instead director scott silver puts shackles on her and only does not admit her to serve anything actually significant with her character. epps and ribisi menu slightly better and do as substantially as can live require, although their characters aren ' t nearly as rich as danes ' could have been. the mod squad live a mind - blunt merchandising secret plan of a film, and teens will jump all concluded it. it ' s full of uncollectible dialogue, scenes and concepts that gain no sense and - - get this - - drug dealers that wish to tango with former guys in their spare prison term. zippo is remotely intriguing or worth paying for. claire dane personify no longer alluring - - chiefly because she ' s got a horrible coif, so that draw be out. there are, however, coolheaded explosions, guns and chases which may tempt a viewer into thought process that he or she make up astir to experience an exciting thriller of some sort. serve not be fooled. some english hawthorn call this wishful thinker transportation - - ace call it get by - as - speedily - as - you - privy fare. 