upon first viewing of this movie, the musical phrase " been there " and " practise that " add up quickly to mind. spy hard manages to steal near every joke from the zucker brothers films, the most popular of which comprise airplane and the defenseless heavy weapon serial publication. steal poppycock throne be profitable in this industry, but only when you steal the right stuff and nonsense. what little patch there embody involves dick steele, aka. agent wd - 40 (leslie carl nielsen) judge to save the world from an almost derange madman played by andy griffith. along the means to it end (goal? ), the film manages to spoof mainly the st. james bond type movie, just likewise manages to hit on films such as family alone and sister act. the trick astir spoofing exist that you get to actually be funny, operating theatre at the least, satirical. spy arduous achieves neither, as it borrows all of the awry element from the superior zucker comrade films. the " gumshoe, the earth is in danger. what is it? well, it ' s a heavy roundish lucille ball floating in infinite around the sun.. ( i ' m paraphrasing) " character of central is use at least quaternity times in the gap ten minutes of the film, each time getting increasingly to a lesser extent funny. what they should have stolen were the desktop sight muzzle which were therefore effective in the zucker brother ' s film while writing their ain dialogue. director rick friedberg focuses more on the mug shot of his player (especially nielsen, who fire fare this quite a advantageously) than on the livery and context of their lines, much of the metre cutting the punchline short. the unanimous movie seems to be in a race with itself to be all over, as is evident in the final sequence, where there is no comedic denouement after the climax. as was common in the zucker brothers celluloid and in spy hard, the ending credits tend to replace this by live forbidden of setting. 1 of the to a greater extent amusing was, " master of the endeavor. .. .. . james thyroxine. kirk ". overall, one thought this was a really weak effort. while all of the right films to spoof were chosen, they employ none of the right spoofing method acting. next sentence they should " spy " a piddling bit firmly. * * * * = excellent. matchless of a kind. must find out. * * * = entertaining. worth the price of admittance. * * = funfair. naught much special. * = what were they recall?? 