susan husbandman ' s critical review of " mulholland drive " (universal focus ) any david lynch is deal, i ' m not buying. from the writer / director of " blue blooded velvet " and " duplicate peaks " comes another dark, mystic thriller that give with an automobile chance event on mulholland drive, the serpentine street that wrench high in the hollywood hills. daze, a beautiful brunette (laura elena harring) emerges and trip up downhearted a hill, slip unobserved into a ' 30s - style apartment as the renter leaves for a trip. the future sunrise, a dewy blond (naomi watts) from deep river, ontario, arrives in la with dreams of stardom in her travelling bag. her aunt possess the apartment and the deuce women meet. the brunette experience amnesia then the blonde tries to help oneself her discover her identity along with her latent lesbian lust. meanwhile, a hotshot director (justin theroux ), whose married woman be in bed with the poolman, is forced to cast a sure actress in his new film and there ' s an assassin (mark pellegrino) roaming the metropolis. the tortuous paths of these several characters - and others named cookie, coco and cowboy - intersect at various points only the plot persist elusive because, midway done the story, lynch has the brunet and blonde play two different women in an alternate reality, leave behind a huge wad of hard currency, a blue metallic headstone, a paralyzed power and a lot of questions that go unanswered. elena harring and particularly naomi watts are endow actress, in effect have the subtle switch. the same cannot be said for former m. gb. molar concentration. dancer ann moth miller world health organization ' s stiff and ego - conscious, speaking - like most lynch players - in staccato tones. on the farmer movie gauge of 1 to 10, " mulholland drive " is a frenzied, frustrating 4. in the first place designed as an occasional tv pilot, this phantasmagorical victory of suspenseful style over substance is box as a puzzle with several of the cardinal pieces left out. 