> from writer and director darren stein comes jawbreaker, the ill told story of what can bump when an innocent birthday prank run wrong. at reagan high, four girls be sitting on top of the inning of the world. courtney shane, played by rose mcgowan, holds the title of mean, most disrespectful psyche in the school. everyone hates her, but everyone envies her due to her popularity. courtney is the " leader " of her clique, which also include julie, played by rebecca gayheart, liz purr, play by charlotte roldan, and marcie, played by julie benz are the other three in the radical. information technology is liz ' s 17th birthday, and julie, courtney, and marcie concur that they will work a apparently innocent prank on her, simply the prank results in the death of liz. just similar stunned teens in any teen directed film such as this i, the foursome decide to cover up the death to make information technology seem like a slaying committed by soul else. and likewise just similar in early teen directed movies, one of the iv don ' t agree with hiding it, this clock time that character be julie. and finally, just now alike in former teen movies, on that point is a witness outside the mathematical group trying to hide the trueness. this prison term that quality being fern mayo (judy greer ), world health organization is open to many cracks from courtney ' s mathematical group, as well as the intact school day. > from here, jawbreaker turns into a predictable taradiddle of revenge, bad lesson, and at least trying to do the right thing. not merely is the script weak, on a whole the playing is outrageous thanks to a large total of the chief cast. judy greer is undeniably awesome as her one dimensional, annoying character, as she ham every line she has. too on the bad side of acting be julie benz, almost falling to the rile ingredient that greer delivers. on the cocksure side of acting, rose mcgowan performs well hither, but doesn ' t friction match her evilly clever performance as " tatum ", in 1996 ' s scream. mcgowan ' s role is chafe, simply this only add to the film. she be evilly mean, and even though she a well - write character, you downright hate her. faring even better than mcgowan is rebecca gayheart, who be e'er exceptionally believable as her roles. when the script feeds her a one or two dimensional character, she change by reversal it into three, constantly putting strong emotion and might into her roles. gayheart international relations and security network ' t devote equally much to come here as she was in 1998 ' s urban caption, but you can yet get a inviolable tasting of her acting attainment in jawbreaker. jawbreaker drifts and mianders different sub plots throughout, barely fuddle anything for the viewer to get absorbed in. we mother way off of the topic of the jawbreaker incident, and get into matter that don river ' t have anything to make out with the actual motion picture. the get go and end are strong, information technology ' s scarcely the middle that needs a good deal of help. during the trunk of the motion picture show, information technology is undeniably repetitious, never progressing towards a ending. zip to grab the viewer ' s interest group is more or less, and the like, extremely devil song plays over and over again. jawbreaker tries to get off on the like time of humor used in the 1995 movie clueless, but fall flavorless. the few gags that actually work cash in one's chips off quickly and die sour with a hit. all in all, a frightful disappointment. the bottom argumentation: the tagline reads, " even the sweet confect are sour as dying interior. " yes, that be too true. no topic how good this film may have look, it fails to extradite. 