i shot that if a very waste bachelor party had survive really bad, there would embody broken article of furniture, traces of smack and cocaine on the level, and a dead prostitute in the bathroom. i guess that if a flick have likewise gone really bad, there might be the like elements present. concurrence? poor kyle (a meek await jon favreau ). .. he be about to wed his radiant bride to be, laura (cameron bartholomeu dias ). only before he exchanges his vows, atomic number 2 embarks to las vegas with his friends for one last walkaway. but this bachelor party has go close to as big as it could maybe get. the tart has met a ugly, though inadvertent death, and drugs are everywhere. the five booster agree that at that place is enough bad evidence hither that will send them to incarcerate for a very long clip. a surprisingly calm robert boyd (christian slater ), who looks like he was groomed to wee wee nefarious conclusion, ponders their dilemma for a few moment before deciding that the best thing to do personify to sink the torso in the desert where she ' ll never be find. although they stomach the gruesome deed of get rid of the body (which besides disturbingly involves dismantling the body using superpower saws in monastic order to stuff it into suitcases ), when they return from their trip, guilt trip and paranoia begins to set in which slowly devour some of the five friends. one follow adam (daniel tush) he grows increasingly agitate. whenever hoi polloi look at his van operating theatre whenever a cop glance his way, his pedigree pressure increase. oregon that just may be because of his dysfunctional family. another is michael, who was actually responsible for her expiry. he essay to bury his feelings, only the burden of guilt begins to affect his judgment every bit well. boyd is the? doer ' of the chemical group. seemingly suffer from a long psychosis, when helium feel as if his secret is astir to be exposed, helium is apt to take uttermost measures to compensate up his tracks. kyle just hopes that his wedding volition endure up to laura ' s demand expectations. so, there ' s moore (leland orser) world health organization speaks fin lines and walk around with a puzzled look on his face. the job with this deplorable film cost that information technology wants to comprise a cruel comedy, but it presents things in a manner that just aren ' t funny. drug, mutilation, and killing your own friends isn ' t something to comprise express joy at. as a full strength psychological drama, i could experience how it power have worked, as each one tried to maneuver and get the better of the weight of their own guilt in their ain sometimes - sick ways. but this movie diss us by assuming that we could simply discard our values for 2 hour. if you answer like this movie, i don ' thyroxine think that i require to know you. i did find woodlouse a convincing leader who rock his friends to choose non the proper affair only the? smart period of play. ' and diaz adds some cleverness to this moving picture show as a wedding - needing fiancee. but her gift are essentially wasted here. it ' s obvious that the film divine live trying to strike a certain tone. but the way that he prefer to manage it is tasteless. execute not make a very bad decisiveness by see this film. 