set in harlem during the bang up depression, rival gangster " family " go to warfare over controller of " the numbers ", an illegal gambling drawing. " runners " take bets from potential drawing winners and deliver them to private locations for draftsmanship. the undisputed leader of the harlem issue be the madame queen (cicely michael gerald tyson) who be challenged by dutch charles m. schulz (tim philip milton roth ), a ruthless hoodlum. by turning against the pansy, dutch defies his partner, the ill famed favorable luciano (andy garcia ), world health organization wishes to respect the world beater and keep open the pacification. the pansy ' us army strengthens when an acquaintance, ellsworth " bumpy " president johnson (lawrence fishburne) is released from prison house and becomes a escort for her. atomic number 2 show himself worthy in short time as atomic number 2 spoil an character assassination attempt (on himself and the queen ), and after takes control of the queens army when she is jailed for tax evasion. bumpy ' s sovereignty is not as restrained and subdued as the queen mole rat and he declares all knocked out warfare on dutch people. bloody gang warfare ensues. rough faces many obstacle during his reign. his new us army questions his methods. his lady friend (vanessa l. tennessee williams) and the queen disagree with his violent solution. most importantly (in his eye ), dutch has become a more formidable foe than he imagined, and seeks help from lucky luciano to assassinate him. there have represent so many moving picture show dealing with organized crime that it mustiness be hard to indite an original story dealing with it. this pic is non original at all. in fact, single was anger by how many similarities in that respect was between this film and, arguably, the better mobster movie of all fourth dimension, the godfather. if you are go to borrow ideas from another moving picture and non gift credit, why not borrow from a less known movie (say, millers traverse? ). how could the credited screenwriter chris brancato not give credit to mario puzo himself? hither are just some of the major similarities (i stop counting at x ). crooked cop assaults blood relative of the drawing card. gang extracts retaliation on stooping cop. wife (oregon girlfriend) questions her partners ' homicidal activities and leaves him. gamy order " officer " betrays the leader. blood congenator of the leader remove. war erupt between the " crime syndicate ". high - ranking officer disapproves of the leader in front of early folk penis. new leader run family differently from old leader. big meeting with all families involved. the frame up in this motion picture is done preferably well. i enjoyed the portrayal of the network of " runner " sprinting through the street collecting bets for the queen lottery. this be the way of living in harlem, and most people involved with the queen did so because information technology was the only way to support their families and put food on the tabular array. number running was the alone agency for the harlem population to regain work. ace also enjoyed the fundamental interaction between the angry, violent dutch people and the calm, patient lucky. after about the 30 - forty minute brand all of the similarities with the godfather start appear, one after the other (and in unretentive ordering ). information technology was a huge misdirection, and an insult to my intelligence. who be the screenwriter kidding hither? some of the individual operation make up well done. andy garcia was very convincing as lucky, regrettably his silver screen time represent reduced to a supporting role. tim roth efficaciously play the cocky baddie, much like his role in " the james cook, the thief, his wife and her lover " and " rob roy ". the good performance and convincing frame up during the first third of the pic do not build up for the lackluster narration that be. a duet of coincidences is peerless matter, over a dozen is an vilification. target by bill duke ellsworth bumpy samuel johnson. .. .. .. e. o. lawrence fishburne dutch people schultz. .. .. .. .. .. . tim roth prosperous luciano. .. .. .. .. . andy garcia the queen mole rat. .. .. .. .. .. .. cicely tyson francine ted hughes. .. .. .. .. . genus vanessa lambert. tennessee williams illinois gordon. .. .. .. .. . ch'i mcbride write by randy turgeon, january xxii, 1998 