in the finale of disney ' s " mighty joe young, " a 15 - foot tall, 2000 - british pound gorilla gorilla hold a frightened young boy in its clutches as it topples from a lame ferris wheel and plumb bob to the undercoat. upon impact, rugged everyman and repeated exercise - gooder bill paxton rushes in, containing the aroused bunch with an earnest " move along forthwith folks, there ' s nothing to see here. " okay, so those aren ' thyroxine exactly the words atomic number 2 use, but it ' s probably one of the few clich? s non uttered in this unneeded remake of an unnecessary remake of that female parent of all monster moving picture, " king kong. " 1949 ' s " mighty joe untried " be an update of that classic creature feature, also based on merian c. cooper ' s original story (16 years after " ' kong " information technology seem the earth was ready for a new take on the beauty and the beast fable ). now some forty nine years afterwards, at least according to walter elias disney ' s way of thinking, the globe is ready for one more. not therefore. the only - - and i stand for only - - cause to see the 1998 variation be for the special effects. and these, unfortunately, bleed red hot and stale. today ' s joe young is designed and produced by special - effects whiz rick baker, who take cost wowing audiences with his united states department of state - of - the - art do - astir effects since 1971 ' s " schlock " (which, by the bye, sport a baker - enhanced " gorilla " ). joe cost a combination of animatronic effects, figurer graphics, and that old banner, a humanity in a monkey suit. while on that point constitute occasional flashes of grandeur - - baker ' s had a lot of drill with simian event, after all, including " gorillas in the mist, " " greystoke: the caption of tarzan, lord of the apes, " and the 1976 remake of " king kong " - - there ' randomness also some surprising cheesiness. one of the film ' siemens almost embarrassing moments is when joseph paxton ' s band of african trackers first encounter and pursue the larger - than - spirit primate (in a scene shamelessly ripped off from " the confounded world: jurassic ballpark " ). paxton jubilantly extols the animal ' s majestic pace at the like exact import as joe, and the computer consequence driving him, stutter to a stop. likewise, if the film ' s producers had want united states of america to focus our attentions on the titular copycat they shouldn ' t accept promenade female lead charlize theron (" trial & error ") around in a seemingly - endless press of spaghetti - strapped tops. still joe seems distracted at times. the film piles on the clich? s like there ' s no tomorrow, including the predictable plot (anthro - animal scientist ship gigantic gorilla to l. a. where urban havoc is inevitably wrought ), predictable baddie (a lithuanian i think ane overheard someplace ), predictable love story (bill and charlize - - surprise! ), and predictable denouement (" ' twas box - office receipts that killed the brute " ). kids raised on " men in black " (non - rascal effects also by bread maker) be go to find bokkos (" tremors ") underwood ' s out a fiddling lame by comparison. while certainly good than 1978 ' s " king kong lives " (itself a lousy subsequence to a non particularly good remake ), " mighty joe new " proves how the mighty observe falling. 