ah, and 1999 was going on so well, likewise. " she ' s completely that " have the dubious preeminence of being the bad motion picture i ' ve seen so far this year. and quite candidly, ane doubt iodin ' ll see anything equally bad. ( at least, i * hope * i don ' thymine figure anything as uncollectible ). " she ' s all that " tells the news report of the most popular guy in school (played by freddie prinze junior.) who accepts a stake to transform the geekiest girl in school (rachel leigh captain cook) into the near popular. that, properly in that location, is problem # unity. how many time have we seen this storyline? as captain james cook comments close the last of the film, " it ' s kind of similar " pretty charwoman ", except without the prostitution ". of course, deliver the film maker attempted to taste something new with this material, the fountainhead - worn storyline would have been a twist to propell the film forward. as information technology be, though, " she ' s all that " swear * completely * on the square and overused formula to push it ahead. there ' s not one original or interesting character in the film, either, and if that wasn ' t bad plenty, there ' s not one safe execution feature. the star of the picture show, rachel leigh cook, is simply ugly. iodin usually don ' t like to get and so personal, simply in this case, i mean it needs to exist say. cook wears the like reflexion throughout the moving picture show and attend to follow having as miserable a time as i was. iodine was never convinced that she make up a " swot ", and her transformation embody unconvincing and unneeded. the movie seems to exist saying information technology ' s better to be democratic than to be who you are. as for freddie prinze junior. , an worker i ordinarily enjoy, he overly is quite forged here. he coast through the moving picture on so - called charm, and never establishes a real fictitious character. kieren culkin is here, as well, as the sidekick of james cook. and for some indiscernable reasonableness, he ' s got hearing aids. no account is given and they ' re never brought upward. were we supposed to palpate * sorry * for him just because atomic number 2 wear discover aids? ane don ' t think hence. that individual element of the motion picture was single of the most offensive thing i ' ve seen in a movie in a prospicient time. " she ' s completely that " sucks. that ' s what it boil down to. information technology ' s not entertaining, and information technology ' s not even a good metre passer. the hr and a half running fourth dimension go by slower than a 5 minute hair - remotion system informercial. and what ' s bad, information technology sends out a bad message to teenager. it appears to be tell them, " hey, it doesn ' t matter if you ' re happy the way you are. that ' s unimportant. if you want to * truly * comprise happy, apparel in the latest fashion and act same a bubble - headed half wit. " ugh. 