battlefield earth is the tough film of 2000, and i guarantee you that nothing else this year will even come tight. in fact, ace ' ll make up surprised if i check anything this bad in the side by side 10 years. based on the novel by scientology guru l. ron hubbard, battlefield earth begins and we immediately find extinct 2 piece of primal information. information technology ' s the year 3000, and an alien race called the psychlos (which sounds similar a tag team of mexican grappler) conquer our planet in 9 minute. ok, we embody all of ten seconds in and i take a zillion question racing through my mind. when were we conquered? the audience is lead to consider that this happened about single, 000 years earlier, and if that is the case then we ' re go to get into a unharmed clustering of problems subsequently (commit me. .. hold on reading ). also, why don ' thyroxin we get to examine earth get stamp down? how the hell do you make a popcorn sci - fi motion picture and non deliver the good on the one case that sets astir the film? human beings now live as cavemen operating theater slave labor, and for the film ' s firstly act we focus on unitary special cavemen chemical group away of denver, colorado. they grunt and groan and babble astir monsters. so, when the psychlos suppress ground, were the only humanity non fascinate a herd of newborn babies that creep their way to condom in the hills? none of these characters get any knowledge of the planet be conquer (whenever that was ). this is definitely not the path to set forth an action / sci - fi picture show. one and only of the humans wanders out into the wilderness and trip up across what helium reckon equal a monster, and he begins to fight it. the " monster " turns taboo to be a dinosaur from an onetime illumination golf game course. atomic number 2 plough around and sees all kind of former characters from the golf game course, with some shrubs growing over them. so, in 1, 000 years this stupid little golf course has stood the test of time, with only if a few weeds rise terminated it? anyhow, some of the humans are captured by the psychlos lead by terl (john travolta) a smarmy and timeserving outlander provision on steal a recently discovered gold sediment. the caveman (led by barry pepper) are forced to do their bidding or whatever, but finally they attain the upper hand and reclaim the planet, beaver state something. so these cavemen are able to do what earth failed to make unity, 000 old age earlier? and, we ' atomic number 75 supposed to believe that land equal conquered in ball club minute of arc by a grouping of buffoonish extraterrestrial being world health organization can ' t even address a few cavemen? i of the way the humans reclaim the satellite be by taking control of abandoned air force jets and using them to defend the psychlos. indeed green left unattended for 1, 000 years be still able to fly? please, if i leave my car unattended for two weeks i have to replace every fluid and hose under the punk. why did the psychlos exit jets around anyway? shouldn ' t they have destroyed military installations during their massive nine minute military campaign against the states? the psychlos refer to humans as " man animals " just nevertheless dogs are still " dog iron ". why aren ' triiodothyronine they " dog animals "? the psychlos be after mine earth ' s precious resources, but for 1, 000 geezerhood are incognizant of fort knox? wherefore do i even charge at this point? one ' mb a fan of travolta ' s and unity ' m glad to see atomic number 2 ' s back on the a - list in hollywood (despite the fact that he occasionally puts out crowd please dreck comparable michael and phenomenon ). but how did atomic number 2 peradventure think this comprise a good movie? and how do he think he was give a skilful performance here? helium ' s more than than open of making a menacing villain (see break arrow and face / off) but whenever his character came on blind i couldn ' t hold rearward my laugh. like a shot despite the different facial features members of this extraterrestrial race appear to get, travolta just looks like travolta. all of the other aliens have weird forehead or other pointy bones on their face, only travolta just own a goatee. also, travolta ' s acts with a sort of dissimulator upper - class snooty accent and constantly whines about bureaucratic nonsense backwards on his dwelling house creation. ooooo, scary villain. as a producer he should know well and as an worker he should definitely bonk better. you can make a dumb but beneficial sci - fi film (i love independence day for example ), just at that place is dead nothing toy with astir battlefield earth. i did everything i perhaps could to stay put awake during the screening. .. i cleaned my spectacles, walked around the field, made a grocery tilt, chose my lottery numbers for the calendar week, replayed super bowling ball twenty five in my pass (with commercials ). .. and still was compel to scrutinize the insides of my eyelids. by the time we really reach the twelvemonth 3000, people should still be avoiding this moving picture. ethnic music, save your cash.. don ' t get going see information technology, don ' t rent it, and preceptor ' t corrupt information technology. you ' d be to a greater extent entertained by taking the money you ' d use for this picture show and scarce throwing it into the wind, watching it sail forth (hell, send information technology to america here at the jacksonville film journal. .. we ' ll entertain you plenty with that kind of money ). unless of course you ' re just captivated by countless slow motility guess of barry white pepper track, which is just about all you ' ll come off with from this movie. that, and a headache. [ editor program ' s banker's bill: for some rationality though, the 24 hour interval after my screening i converted to scientology. i ' metre not certain why. .. something simply made me feel compel do the choice. ] 