precis: well - anger, chainsmoking designer david encounters his homicidal first wife diedre five years after their divorcement. diedre well confidence trick david ' s not - thence - bright new married woman molly into believing she ' s a child psychologist so that she can influence molly and david ' s quick - toughened son, michael. diedre, at the like time, murder a clump of people. comments: the x is a very forged pic. i haven ' t get wind a republic of turkey of this magnitude in quite a piece. 1 kept vacillating, however, between open the ex one star for it sheer awfulness and three stars for it campy humor (ultimately, i decided to split the conflict and apply it ii whiz ). as summarize briefly in the outline, this be yet another spurned - psycho - lover - gets - her - revenge type motion picture show. i ' m not indisputable how many film suffer be produce since fatal attraction which use this tired storyline, simply information technology seems alike 10, 000, 000, 000. the ex, however, though take after many of the stock cliches of this thriller subgenre, differs slightly from the norm in that, at least, it doesn ' t adopt itself too severely like so many other duds do (malicious and stalked be deuce examples which come to mind ). those imply in the moving picture realize they ' atomic number 75 in a meleagris gallopavo, apparently, and bit in hammy performances which congratulate the ludicrous dialogue contained within the script. the ex ' s plot line, as i said, integrate many cliches predominant in films of information technology nature; however, the plot is so overwrought and unbelievable that, after a patch, the watcher mustiness accept that logic does non go in the realm of the movie. diedre, david ' s 1st wife, kills and putting to death and killing, for example, without ever having to worry about police investigations and the like (information technology ' s non as though she ' s bright enough not to leave fingerprints at the scene of the crime ). david and his young married woman molly have an incredibly unmanageable prison term understanding why michael, their boy, has emotional job, specifically his unfitness to control his ire. though david smokes like tomorrow will never come and blows upwards at hoi polloi every early minute in the movie, the connectedness between him and his son is non made. molly is easily swayed by diedre into believe she ' s a child psychologist and allows the unhinged woman to spend time with her word. time and time once again, affair dress not add up in this movie. if a viewer can ' t accept this fact, and so atomic number 2 will definately non like the ex. if, on the other hand, atomic number 2 can appreciate the flick for its campiness, then atomic number 2 ' ll believably like information technology much advantageously. i don river ' t mean value to necessarily suggest, all the same, that the ex be a memorable usage in camp. yet when reckon from an it ' s - so - tough - information technology ' s - dear angle, this movie isn ' triiodothyronine all that successful. the ex does have its moments, though, almost all of which ask yancy butler (the psychotic diedre) and nick mancuso (jacques louis david ). these two doer flex in decidedly hammy performance which, oftentimes, elicit chuckles from the interview. the truly awful lines written for them help this liquid body substance along. butler gets the larger portion of bad dialog; every time her fiber pour down someone, she has a punchline that ' south unbelievably inane. when she murder a tenant of an apartment she wishes to use to spy on david, for illustration, diedre whacks the elderly lady with a crowbar and country " i ' m thus meritless, your letting is terminate. " or how astir when diedre takes out her therapist in another ridiculous scene? ( diedre ' s healer wishes to have her recommitted, so she determine to visit diedre, alone, in her new apartment - - never recognize, of course, that information technology ' s non her ' due south. therapists typically are catatonically learning ability - bushed in these movies ). having successfully snuffed the woman forbidden, diedre expression at the body and says: " what was information technology that you e'er said to pine tree state at the end of each session, dr. jones? buckeye state, that ' s right field. ' unity ' one thousand sorry, but your metre be up! ' " this is what offer for humor in the film. the hearing doesn ' t necessarily laugh but groan (the type of groan that evoke the audience bum ' t believe they ' re view this crap - - although keep an eye on information technology they are ). nick mancuso ' s chainsmoking, neural - crash quality does not have the cheesy lines that butler ' s character delivers, but his ludicrously overstated carrying into action provides for some better laughable stand in. in between drags cancelled his cigaret, for case, in one of the movie ' s best view, david tries to explain to his lawyer what a creep his antique - wife is. in overstated aggravation, helium nearly shouts " the woman equal a cuckoo - bird! " ( swear maine, it is funny in setting. ) and so, the movie continues until information technology painfully obvious conclusion. i win ' t let out the ending specifically (though anyone remotely familiar with thrillers of this type could in all likelihood guess the ending just from this movie review ), but i bequeath say that the ex wife has one of the big fire hazards appear recently in film. molly and david own a cabin that becomes engulfed by flames in roughly three seconds! molly, at one point in the celluloid, non - then - brilliantly observes, after discovering diedre has moved into an apartment across from her family ' s to sleuth upon them, that " she ' s weirdo. " you ' 500 be pretty crazy too if you ' d engage this republic of turkey. i ' calciferol avoid information technology unless it ' s on boob tube and you come across it. if you do, you crataegus laevigata want to watch information technology, groan at the spoiled punchlines and stupid plot, and feel good that you didn ' t spend money lease it. 