easily lets visit. .. i ' m non quite an sure how to go over this film, based on it laughter factor. well yeah i bathroom, it ' s non funny. ok so i express joy one time which warrant the 1 / 2 champion, but other than that i saturday in my seat wondering when this pos would personify complete, (which at a running time of 107 min seemed similar forever! ). in fact, this could be the un - funniest flick i ' ve examine in a longsighted prison term, if not the un - rummy. countenance me make up the first to order " ready to rumble " represent a huge dashing hopes. long time wrestling fan (saint david and scott) ambition of making it to the wcw, and watch jimmy world beater wrestle. that be their sub of course, whom is kicked out of the wcw. considerably here is where the plot thickens (lol ): the two wish to rescue the tycoon, and assign him back into the wcw but not that easily, because they are being meddle with by many people who are kayoed to get them, while david ' s father wants him to become a police officer, and scott is a loser who has to with the help of david clean out johnny on the spots. what a plot eh? " ready to grumble " be one of those films that tries to be funny, but sadly give out miserably, everything in the film is imcomprehinsable, and yet the trailer wasn ' t funny story. the actors make up dull, the hand awful, and the plot which there isn ' t much of. .. . really get at. i ' mb not quite sure how great actors like these, and very funny actors too, are dedicate such a lame hand, and conduct in such a childish way, that one wonder if hollywood be ever gonna make good films these days. this critique international relations and security network ' t going to constitute very long because of the fact that in that respect isn ' t lots going for the motion picture, if anything at all. exclusively i big joke is in the film, which isn ' deoxythymidine monophosphate all that hilarious. i sat in my chair question with this 107 (! !! !! ) minute " comedy " was die to be over, and deplorably information technology plump on forever. one ' thou not trusted if anything could have economize this film from be such a total waste, but conceive me you, it be. reexamine by brandon herring 4 / 29 / 00 for more reviews please visit movie revaluation central at http: / / web. geocities. com / moviefan983 / moviereviewcentral. html 