i ' g a consecrated fan of author kevin williamson ' s work. he always find a clever direction to spice up old fabric with witty dialogue and fresh idea that stem from his inventive brainiac. with teach mrs. tingle, his directorial introduction, williamson has reached the ending of his rope. what used to be intelligent about his films comprise hopelessly stale here. the factor are all there, include an supporting premise that all gamy school students can connect to. but where follow the thrills? the laugh? both are supposedly abstracted from this draggy employment in elaborate revenge. and what a pity that is. i love the howler film - heck, i yet savour the sci - fi goofiness of the faculty. kevin williamson was the reason revulsion films were such a swelled draw play at the box federal agency. teaching mrs. tingle, a black comedy that will pass on a gaping void in his affirmative follower, may put an ending to his sovereignty. or perhaps it testament promote him to spend more time perfecting a book than to worry astir his steer duties. one stock still have my faith, but i reverence the public figure of kevin williamson crataegus oxycantha soon be a disregarded echo of the past. the deed of conveyance character of his pet project is a vicious, unthinking history teacher who live played deliciously over - the - cover by british actress helen of troy mirren. mrs. tingle is basically every educatee ' s worst incubus: a heartless human equal hang on distribute poor stain to even the most heavy - working of her pupils. the principal (michael mckean) is horrified of her, and she be unanimously despised among her fellow staff extremity. one enjoyed the fact that everyone in the hallway promptly steer out of her way of life. mirren ' mho public presentation is one of the very few delights in this painfully hollow opprobrious comedy that goes down like a vapid soft drink. in early words, it ' s a poor substitute for williamson ' s good employment. the plot of ground is a prominent problem here. material that could have constitute pleasurable is rendered totally ridiculous by pathetic wield on the voice of the director. the appealing katie holmes plays leigh ann, an over - winner hoping to get a college scholarship. just typical mrs.. tingle tell her story labor, which she worked on for countless hours, is laughable. later on while studying in the lyceum, a class fellow (barry watson) put up her a picture - copied duplicate of mr. quiver ' s final exam. leigh ann ' s honest friend (marisa coughlan) encourages her to expend it. alas, the erstwhile beldam herself finds the three scheming, and snatch the test, and prepares to talk to the school principal in the good morning. in the aurora. .. how convenient! the three scholar head up to mrs. tingle ' s house, attempting to set the facts straight and unclouded leigh ann ' s name. things get out of hand, and the instructor gets knocked unconscious in a dogfight. the plan is to bind her to a bed and try out to develop some reasoning out of her. of course, non everything go alone to plan. besides pointless sub - secret plan involving the football four in hand (jeffrey tambor, horribly wasted ), there cost little by way of factual onward motion. there is no importunity to the situation; lilliputian latent hostility or laughter are involved. the humor is altogether inconsistent. after many of the antic, the theater represent so silent i could have heard a fly sternutation. you continue to wait some impulse in the narrative, something that could possibly revive the tiresome pace. a moment like that ne'er come up. williamson also cause a handsome line of wasting some of the key support players, including the talented mckean and larry sanders ' veterinary tambor. and the beautiful vivica a. dodger has one lifeless scene as a caring guidance counsellor, and then williamson disposes of her character entirely. on the positive face, holmes and coughlan be admirable (with the latter give a frighteningly credible exorcism opinion ), and molly ringwald has an amusing cameo appearance as a substitute instructor. while everything is pretty lifeless, teaching mrs.. tingle remains watchable. in that location are a few promising ideas that protrude up now and again, but anything remotely interesting is squandered by the inane playscript. mirren is well the best reasonableness to keep watching. she is convincingly evil and fun to watch, only still her gifted delivery commode ' thyroxin economise individual scenes that flounder in boredom. if there is nonpareil word for the movie environ her, information technology would be ` disappointing '. basically, kevin williamson constitute his bad foe here. his uneventful direction prevents any facial expression of his screenplay to be appreciated (not that his penning here is particularly ripe ). we will see, when cub screenwriter ehren kruger writes the third installation in the belly laugh franchise this christmas, whether williamson be for real. 