surrounded by hoopla, high pitched hope, and the promise of an over - the - top carrying out by clueless ' s breiz murphy, don ' tonne say a parole looked total of promise. hell, when i hear that " i ' ll never tell " whispering on the tv commercial, goose jut take to the woods upwardly my spine. alas, word comprise filled with little but disappointment, a cracked intermixture of girl, interrupted and redeem, with michael douglas and company collecting a paycheck to plod through a flat and dull snatch thriller. stephen arnold douglas star as nathan teodor josef konrad korzeniowski, renowned new house of york psychologist, devoted father of jessie conrad (skye mccole bartusiak ), and loving married man to aggie conrad (famke janssen ). after a gang of jewel thieves, head by sean dome ' s koster, nobble his daughter, nathan is forced to take out from his new patient, the catatonic and violent elisabeth burrow (murphy ), the location of some hidden bank building job booty that her father hid from the koster gang a decade ago. but with hard - nosed detective sandra cassidy (jennifer esposito, doing her good joule. lo impression) track down koster and his gang of hoodlums, the stakes are raised as nathan races against the clock to crack the mystery of elisabeth ' s head in order to have the goodness inside. the pinch - nathan only has until basketball team atomic number 8 ' clock to resolve the puzzle! whoa, the suspense is almost too much. don river ' t say a password loses the audience inside of 15 second. tater looks and act like linda anthony charles lynton blair from the exorcist during the first part of the movie, and then turns more or less and reprises similar her role from girl, interrupted. and the only real " crazy " to equal found in the film be director gary fleder ' sec (things to do in denver when you ' re dead) staggering use of flashback successiveness. oliver platt, famke janssen, and still sean bean are decent doer, just the stuff they are given here - - such as a bedridden wife fighting off the token black guy cable with her crutch - - is insulting and demeaning. additionally, the use of the surveillance television camera and laptop computer to pass over nathan ' s every move is downright unconvincing. how do ex - cons fresh ko'd of the boastful house afford all this equipment? despite its flaw, father ' t enunciate a book is amazingly some of the best mainstream flick you ' ll find this month - - and audiences leave lap it upward. american language love lukewarm, one half - parched thriller starring big names and accompanied by cheap shiver. someone receive me my lithium! 