some movies need you to leave your brain at the room access, some moving picture take you to believe in the impossible to really have a dear time. playing god asks just single simple, eensy, teensy thing so it can fully harbor you, information technology ' s accomplished in just four loose to follow steps: crack open your skull, scoop out your psyche, squish information technology under your foot several sentence and inverse steps two and one. congratulations, you at once have totally the necessary requirements to fully savour a unharmed plenty of nothing. some film flush it at the box office only you manage to check why the producers think information technology could have been a good movie, others are only good ideas that are gravely executed. then there ' s playing god, which enters the esteemed category of movies which seem to have grown from the union of a wino director, actors satisfy in the knowledge that this ugly flick will make no lasting impact on their career and a crew of rip - offs (or homages as they like to call it) from early, better movies that end up looking like an unflushed toilet. harsh? mayhap. absolve? scheol yes! this be a movie that is not simply satisfied in ripping off other moving picture only feels the need to cue us of that fact every ten arcminute. for example, a gunman bust into a garden with the ii guns in his hands firing away. this does look somewhat kool, but the camera lingers on the actor for so long you commode almost hear the director yelling: " oooh, take care tone! john woo! two guns blaze out! slooooow motion! " and if that wasn ' t enough, you behind too hear the hand grunting under the try information technology must take to try and make every single line of dialogue sound like something recondite and meaningful like in a tarantino movie. miserable timothy hutton gets to deliver most of the corny argument, you cause to look up to the elbow grease he puts into it, this bozo deserves better. unlike most film this i does not suffer from " stupid bad guy " syndrome, only to make thing a slight different this time we get stunned italian sandwich. illustration: duchovny manages to distract a bad bozo by making him go into the bathroom to begin some bandages. at present the spoiled guy is, like, stoned, human beings, so he lead his shotgun next to our hero. ( term use as loosely as potential ) survival inherent aptitude and a good std of common sense seems to suggest catch the shotgun, which our hero of alexandria serve, only only after contemplating information technology for about thirty seconds. yet when helium does grab information technology he seem unsure how to hold it, going indeed far as to actually enquire if atomic number 2 should place a digit near the trigger. thinker you, i ' ve never fired a scattergun in my life only believe you maine that the bad guy would be missing most of his vital variety meat, be helium stoned or non. some testament argue that our hero does not take a orcinus orca inherent aptitude, the hell with that! ii fbi guys accept simply been fritter away in front maine, along with one bad hombre and the other looks like helium might go ballistic at any 2nd. solvent? gold rush! i ' ll film the sentence to feel sorry about it later give thanks you real much. another meridian example of the idiot fighter syndrome: our boy duchovny needs to reach his girl before something spoiled occur to her. helium know the head uncollectible guy has her on the tenth floor of a building and that helium might follow running into a room full of people with antsy trigger fingers. atomic number 2 still has his shotgun, bring information technology along you pronounce? no thanks, i ' ll just ditch information technology in the spinal column of my car. and the actual kicker be this: when helium reaches the room and people originate shooting at him helium has the nerve to look surprised! while we are on the subject of getting shot, wherefore in hades be those fbi guys sitting with their backs to the door? i ' ve got no conventional training merely even i know you never sit with your spine to the doorway. ask mr.. wild bill, the first and lone clock time he do non sit with his back to a wall cost him his life. this is the major problem with this movie, any mook could ingest thought of a one hundred ways to stool it better. is it so much to expect that hollywood actually put a little common sense into their character? for representative: our hero hide out at duchovny ' s summer household, now the bad guys could add up knock at any moment. all right, this time our hero does get himself a gun and let it at his side most of the time. merely see, our submarine is a drug addict and guess what? he chooses now to pop off fresh and suffer through dt. oh sure, helium ' ll constitute really impressive when the bad guy cable come call. going clean is truly respectable of him, but i would have wait until i did non need to be conscious or constitute able to fire a gunslinger. for an gratifying performance by timothy hutton, plot holes the size of godzilla, pay back our intelligence affront and several " ohio come on! " here and now. 