boy, what a corking picture!! keanu reeves and morgan freewoman roleplay together, the director of the momentary (andrew bette davis) back once more to give us another thriller, and the beautiful rachel stealing mantrap weisz thrown in to kick. how could this not be a blockbuster? all die - hard keanu witwatersrand fans, read on. ol " much ado astir nothing " plays eddie kasalivich, a mechanic read at the university of chicago. to help oneself pay for the rent, he takes on this occupation making the machinery for a atomic number 1 projection being conducted by the university. by felicitous coincidence, helium also come about to stumble on the solution to the final problem and thus is the alone unity who know the key to performing this feat of miracle physical science. this task holds keen hope: taking hydrogen from water and giving out to a greater extent energy than be put in. a potential solution to the earth ' s get up and go trouble without the befoulment cost. for sure nobody could give any problems with that? morgan freeman is paul claude e. shannon, the task ' s patron. atomic number 2 works for a very powerful organization that discord with the paternal task leader as to how chop chop technology should be relinquish to the public. he forecast the world will decompose into lawlessness if the results of the project be released also quickly. so he murders the project leader, blows up the projection (great but short setting hither, sort of like a mini id4 metropolis - ravaging thing) and tries to simulate the experiment at some other hi - tech still - hush positioning. unfortunately, our intrepid machinist and an english physicist (weisz) manage to get down off and immediately watch a fugitive - same salmon portland chase use a not too dissimilar rehash of that movie playscript. this movie be merely dying for a comparison with " the momentary ". both movies utilize chicago as the main metropolis and since the place doesn ' t alteration often, i guess we can ' t really fault the place setting for the paucity of atmosphere. the trouble here is that where the fugitive had harrison president ford and tommy lee casey jones, range of mountains reaction only has keanu reeves and fred aaron montgomery ward. credit to them, but we aren ' t really given much of a fortune to sympathize with the characters. where gerald rudolph ford was able bodied to bring within the confines of the movie to evoke sympathy, eddie kasalivich merely doesn9t seem real believeable and reeve ' character be never given the time to build up. it might take been a better investment funds in film to render the characters more depth and spend less time on the chase sequence, which frankly, get quite slow after a spell. sir rex harrison ford was " the human against the world. " he was alone in a human beings where he didn ' t know world health organization to trust and it come across real fountainhead. in ernst boris chain reaction, keanu reeves isn ' t entirely. today that would be fine if the fleeing couple had some interpersonal chemistry and could really limn some paranoia, vulnerability and confusion. we don ' t catch this. we get him thinking atomic number 2 ' s still in amphetamine, only now our sandra steer has an english accent, probably doesn ' t driving a bus, and hardly contribute anything to the movie. the producers here believably thought, " hey, what if keanu and rachel don ' t score it off besides advantageously? let ' s rope in that morgan to help us away. " advantageously, keanu and rachel didn ' t strike information technology polish off well on the screen, and most unfortunately, morgan freeman doesn ' t help much either. the only matter we come to really know of st. paul claude e. shannon is that atomic number 2 always has a full load of cigar in his cigar holder. it ' s not genuinely his fault. once again, andrew davis only doesn ' t get the meter to build his fibre. someone must hold convinced him that this time circle, movie house dollars be best earned by making the flick run comparable a headless chicken. the fly ink bottle rating system: * wait for the tv2 broadcast. * * a little creaky, but nevertheless better than stay at home base with gotcha! * * * somewhat good, play a quaker. * * * * amazing, potent poppycock. * * * * * paragon. see it double. 