studio fifty four attracted and then many weird and bizarre people to information technology gates that it ' s a wonder why the film about the life and death of the studio centers itself on one real boring, cliched individual, not to mention an corps de ballet of people who wouldn ' t be at all fascinating unless they work at the studio apartment, which they did according to this film. are we think to believe that out of all the unknown folk who populated the studio nightly, that a role world health organization is a bland ripoff of tony manero would really produce a good friend for the film about information technology? " 54 " belongs in the elite group of films known as " the openhanded disappointments ": the films that attain so much hype and / or so much potential in its creation that they come cancelled worse than they are when they are finally polish off. i was heavily awaiting " liv, " not the least because i ' ve become fascinated with the infamous clubhouse, which has been the subject of an engrossing documentary that ' s been running all summer on vh1, which live, weirdly enough, often to a greater extent intriguing and engrossing than this " edgy " film. perhaps more importantly, " 54 " is part of the blossoming subgenre, " the 70s nostalgia film, " which have been picking up mighty steam, what with " boogie nights " and " the last day of disco " coming away within the year, and both make up such damn good movies that not only when captured the feel of a certain time period (the late 70s party and the early 80s wakeup period ), but brought us interesting and real characters, like scotty, the tragically gay boom mike operator from " boogie nights, " and charlotte, the ironically clueless and bitchy co - protagonist from " the last days of disco, " not to mention several others. " 54 " deals not so much with the timeline of the studio (how information technology began, how information technology comprise run, how it terminate) - that ' s all dealt with in the narrated opening and finale - but more concerned in the character who populated information technology. this is a definite asset. here ' s a film that could have be a fascinating 2 hour plus film astir the tragic the great unwashed who went there to party, and had to wakeup in the 80s when things like diseases, saving problems, and perhaps worst of all, ronald wilson reagan, all hit and forced everyone into a unmannerly awakening. the story of the studio is tragedy in itself: army of the righteous ' s look at how it all touch the people. but this film doesn ' t army of the righteous that pass. it gives america a half - assed protagonist named shane oxygen ' shea (ryan phillippe, from " i know what you did last summer " ), world health organization ' s principal character trait is the fact that he ' s from new island of jersey, which also happen to be his principal character flaw (i guess ). atomic number 2 ' s dim - witted, into being part of " the view, " and soon discover he ' s turn a bit of a rave amongst the studio apartment regulars. .. a bit comparable " saturday nox febrility, " ' cept no travolta and no real pastime put into him. poor, poor phillippe struggles to make him interesting, merely all he is a half - assed fibre and non at all our ticket to the glimpse of the decadence going on inside the club that atomic number 2 could induce been. shane begins to hang out with some other denizens of the club, like anita (salma friedrich august von hayek ), a wannabe donna sommers, and her young husband, greg randanzo (breckin meyer, from " clueless " ), who helps shane become a bartender and rise to a bit of celebrity. although he begins to have somewhere when he slumber with the foxy billie auster (sela ward ), an exec of sorts, helium falls in lust with a soap star named julie black (neve campbell ), and thus the boring love affair subplot that ' s all too not needs crucial to anything else in the film and never really becomes interesting at any point in the film. the cinema ' s sole point of interest and one major strongpoint make up the all - too necesary personage of steve rubell, played by microphone myers (you heard me ). rubell, the famous brain of the studio acted as if helium ne'er stopped partying ever, and be an easy metaphor for the life and times of his creation, but the film, thanks to a astonishingly strong performance by myers, pull in him out to be more than that. notice the scenes sole shocking conniption, where he tries to get felatio from one of his male employees in routine for a promotion: myers brings the humanity to rubell in this scene, and a couple others, that some of us who ' ve only reckon him on tv ne'er saw, and proves to be perhaps the one panorama of studio 54 that this film actually nails. first clip feature film director saint mark st. christopher proves that he ' s a better director than a author, though not too abysmally much. his story is trite and shallow, as follow his characters, and his direction is shockingly flat, specially for a flick astir this case. information technology ' s as if he give a great fib to tell, but instead opt for the easier route. the studio ' s recreation is astonishingly accurate, though, and really impressive, but his guidance is ne'er captivating enough. some people suppose that a film does information technology job if it makes you want to visit the locale information technology engage place in (despite the film ' s tone, i still want to go to rome and its many nightclubs after i see fellini ' s " la dolce vita " ), and when i watched " fifty four, " ace didn ' triiodothyronine especially want to stay. 