when the haunting arrived in theatre of operations, all i kept hearing about was the overdone special effect and the fact that rattling often the unseen bumps in the nighttime in a horror film are far shuddery than those that you can put a face to courtesy of special effects. while ane concord that this remake of the haunting goes a bit overboard in the visual burden section, i don ' deoxythymidine monophosphate think that they be completely to blame for this motion picture show ' s failure. it appears that some people feature fail to charter into account that the original haunting have the " unseen " terrors, and it be about as scary as a dust bunny. then peculiar effect or not, if the history international relations and security network ' t the least bit scary, you aren ' t go to end up with a really awful movie. the thing that matter to me most astir this movie represent the caretaker of this edifice played by bruce dern. dern is always great, and even though helium may have had only if about trinity minutes of screen time he follow still the most interesting element of the motion picture show. as i sat through the ostensibly endless, albeit fairly telling, particular event, i kept wishing that this movie be about dern ' s caretaker and not the unity dimensional characters that live the cast. never a good sign when a bit instrumentalist cost the best section of the movie. liam neeson plays a scientist who be conducting experiment on fear. atomic number 2 decides the best way to get outcome be to play a trick on a group of fairly unsound individuals to spend a few days in a haunted mansion. he fob them into take part by let on that helium is conducting an experiment on insomnia. and he also go to remark that the mansion has a report for strange going - on. catherine zeta - jones, lili taylor and sir richard owen president wilson play his subjects. like the original, taylor ' s fibre make up the star of the movie. just since she doesn ' t quite have the marquee baron of liam neeson and msc. zeta - jones, their theatrical role did seem to be a fully grown larger than in the original. and permit ' s nerve it, probably half the people world health organization see this movie will practice hence because of zeta - jones. one ' ll admit that iodine would possess never seen this thing if she weren ' t in information technology. merely the real stars here is the special effects combined with the fairly exaggerated curing. they take ended the film as the supernatural elements of the business firm offset to interact with our hapless insomnia patients. thither really isn ' t much of a story here. just endless setups so music director jan de bont can showcase totally the nifty special effects that atomic number 2 make to encounter with. and the exceptional effects are keen. in many cases they are as good as you are probable to see anywhere. in early case they are overstated and apparently thrown in scarce for the sake of hitting the " cool shot " quota. at no period in the movie do any of these thing of all time issue forth tight to being scary - - funny, maybe. only not scary. so we have the set. when i foremost saw the house, i live very impressed with the very cool mediaeval look about information technology. but it only take a short tour by the characters around the place to see that the set designer obviously had as much money to burn as the visual force people did, and decide to take the idiotically overdone path. this include a flood hallway with books as stepping stone and a mirrored circular room that revolves. what part did these room play in the tale? absolutely none. they were just on that point to take our minds off the fact that in that location was neither a descent story nor a exclusive panic attack in the total movie. then we have the actors. lili taylor have never been one of my favorites. and when the fact that her character is mousy and pathetic is factor out in, she comes in around the average operating room slimly below mark. i get no idea why liam neeson charter this role. he basically remind me of the ringmaster at an tabu of restraint circus. his character be in charge of this farce comedy but it promptly got away from him. i throw no dubiousness that liam will need to lock all print of this moving picture show in a very secure vault along with all copies of darkman. zeta - jones be regurgitate because she is too live for words. the fact that her character is bi - sexual is scarcely icing on the cake. all catherine of aragon has to do in this movie is look good. fortunately that is something she does very comfortably. while she get along have a clean good size part, information technology is obvious that her only determination in the movie was as eye - candy. it ' s besides bad somebody of her talents waste them here. any random supermodel pulled out of a mode appearance could induce easily filled her role. the haunting be the antithesis of another of 1999 ' s horror motion picture show, the blair enchantress undertaking. the haunting cause a seemingly limitless effect budget, while blair wiccan relies on piles of rock for its scares. both show quite nicely that special effects are irrelevant to a revulsion celluloid. if the story sucks, information technology ' s all downhill from there. my advice? if you are looking for special effects, cash in one's chips rent star war. if it ' s scares you require, split halloween. either way, it ' s in all likelihood in your best interests to skip the haunting. 