sometimes ane wonder just what the censor are think. take this film, " naked killer ", among information technology ' s ingredients are expectant dos of vehemence, rape sequences, straight and lesbian sex scenes and what our organization call " coarse speech communication ". merely what do those levelheaded people at the security review bureau choose to remove in case someone bequeath get offended? one news - penis. that ' s information technology. in spite of everything else in the film the one matter that the censor decide is too much is " phallus. ". it really restores you ' re religion in the scheme, huh? anyhow, that ' entropy just a side point. when au naturel grampus be released in the local independent cinemas around melbourne, information technology live promote ad nausuem as a hip, cool, controversial thriller. what they forgot to mention be that it isn ' t very good. the plot involves male fuzz tinam (simon yam ), investigating a serial publication of brutal murder. while getting a haircut he meet and finds himself attracted to a girl named kitty (chingmy yau ), who, after extracting revenge on the human beings world health organization killed her forefather, falls in with professional cause of death sister cindy (svenwara madoka ). realising kitty has possible, cindy decides to groom kitty in various strange and farcical ways and gives her a new identity. withal in the course of his investigation tinam (who believed pussy had disappear ), runs into her again, but international relations and security network ' t quite sure if it ' s her. to rarify matters the actual serial killlers, princess and infant, who a former educatee of cindy, and have been told to kill their quondam master and her new student. from and so the activity ensues. .. all in all, this is non a easily done movie. the script is fearful, the direction all over the office, the redaction is jerky and confusing and the subtitling be amazingly hapless. however the are a few base alone pieces that practice entertain. the shoot out in the car common be virtually woo - like in adrenaline. the combat scenes be up and coming and i guess it must get a few points for trying something a little dissimilar. let me put this way, if you like action - get something else, if you like strong women in movies - become something else, if you make behave settle between this and " black cat " for your hong kong female action - father ' t get either. even for curiosity value it but isn ' t deserving it. lashkar e taiba ' s face information technology - if ever the was a movie that become pop on it ' s subject alone, this is it. 