" what is this, a homicide operating theater a regretful atomic number 5 - movie? " that is the prophetic enquiry ask by i of the leads in one of the early scenes of this picture. permit me clear cut thing upwards for you cupcake, this isn ' t a bad b - movie, it ' s a genuinely spoilt b - movie. then bad, it ' s almost good. almost, but not rather. the movie start off in the 1950 ' southward with blank space aliens sending a botched experiment down to earth. it is a bunch of slug - similar creature that kill people and take over their bodies. the slugs ' initiatory and solely victim in the fifties is cryogenically rooted where helium is of no danger to anybody. that comprise, until two loser university students melt him in 1986. he, and the slugs inside him, quickly start out wreaking mayhem and turn more than co - eds into slug zombies. a slightly madden cop (tom atkins) and the required girl with the fount of an holy man (jill whitlow) join these deuce geeky university students (jason lively and steve marshall) to do battle with the slugs. it to a greater extent or less nightfall on the four of them to create the public safe again from the evil biff. the playacting is regretful with a capital group b. the story is worse. and the special effect are somewhere between an old rerun of star trek and what you interpret in a house movie. the only keep grace was the needful titty - chatoyant courtesy of jill whitlow. information technology have absolutely zippo to do with the story - - but i like it. actually, it was the high point of the movie for pine tree state. of course of instruction, that international relations and security network ' liothyronine really saying much. the chronicle moves around in a hap hazard mode. which gives it a leg up on some other repulsion film. unlike most picture of this genre, there actually is a fib. non a great one, but it be on that point. this is one in a long product line of movies from the 1980 ' s that be bedevil together to capitalise off the winner of the fri the 13th, halloween and nightmare on elm street movies. you could randomly select a movie out of the revulsion section of you local video store and believably luck into something just as good if not better. only night of the creeps might make a nice improver to a b complex - movie horror marathon. just preceptor ' t be also upset if you can ' t find information technology. you really won ' triiodothyronine comprise missing that much. 