the well nigh depressing matter about the depressingly earthbound james bond film " the world is not enough " represent information technology final flesh: bloodless letters on a black background proclaiming " james bond volition repay. " oh atomic number 53 certainly hope not. with pierce brosnan in his 3rd and reportedly last go - round as st. james the apostle bond 007, " the world be not adequate " is the right example to date that " ' adequate " be enough. in this, the nineteenth chapter in the seemingly - eternal franchise featuring ian fleming ' s debonair british clandestine factor who likes his martinis - - and his nemeses - - shaken not stirred, the sub - inspired screenwriters have chosen to hash over all of the setups, stunts, and sexy encounters of the previous xviii bond flicks rather than follow up with anything the slightest bit original. we ' ve gravel previously - used speedboat following, ski chases, and sticky situations aboard nuclear hoagy. we ' ve got a couple of hot - to - trot babes without an ounce of act power between them. we ' ve get a post - frigid war megalomaniac bent on world domination slash destruction (hither bet by a skinheaded henry m. robert carlyle with mean, thin dash ). and, as has been the case since 1977 ' s " the undercover agent who get it on maine, " we ' ve got a secret plan that take nothing whatsoever to do with anything conceive by mr. fleming. we ' ve likewise got a primary claim song by drivel to which, with real little effort, you can fit the lyrics to * both * songs from " tomorrow ne'er dies. " while originality was ne'er the serial ' strong cause, the films were almost invariably fun, with at least some thinking go into the nonstop stunts. ace rump ' t think of unitary memorable set - piece in the integral - - and real dull - - " the humans exist not enough. " in addition, michael apted (yes, the well thought of director of such films as " coal mineworker ' s girl, " " nell, " and the " 28up " documentary series) takes embarrassing advantage of the full range of alliance clich? s. you get the " talking sea wolf " plot of ground device - - you know the scenario: the regretful cat have the good guy at his mercifulness yet waxes poetic just long enough to croak of former age. and you get a slew of high - priced assassins who can ' t hit a barn room access at 20 stride: in the film ' s opening minutes (of an endless 128 ), bond chases a sultry sniper along the thames and the leather - clad lovely fails to hit shackle ' southward soup - up " fishing boat " with a bazooka when atomic number 2 pulls within a few feet of her. later, she takes off in a red hot air balloon with shackle drop from a guy rope beneath her but is still ineffectual to take him stunned. these honest ridiculousness be more frustrating than usual since there are no distractions former than occasional ads for luxury auto, vodka, operating room credit cards. in and among the rampant product placements, brosnan grapples with thomas carlyle, " braveheart " ' s sophie marceau (as former kidnap victim slash inheritrix elektra king; she ' s terrible ), " crazy thing " ' denise i. a. richards (as a nuclear physicist lord help me; she ' s laughable ), and judi dench as k. dame judi brings the only shred of dignity to a series that has long since jettisoned its self - respect (about the time roger moore inherited james bond ' s walther ppk ). brosnan goes through with the motions with the grace and appeal you ' d expect of the former " remington sir richrd steele " star, but even helium has to be thinking there ' s more to spirit than an easy paycheck. he ' s given mickle of wiseacre asides to fork up, but only one of them - - " i don ' t know any doctor jokes " - - made me chortle (although " i thought christmas only comes once a class " is to a greater extent in keeping with the series ' penchant for grown - worthy punning ). 