a few months before the discharge of principal wars episode 1, the phantom menace, 20th one c dodger decides to release another space film, that be a consummate rip turned of star war. what is the distributor point of this? unity make not know, but i wish information technology hadn ' t make up done, moot wing commander cost emphatically the year ' s worst film so far. to draw in the great unwashed to this horrible movie, they attached the full house trailer for the phantom threat. wing commandant will draw turgid crew, because this is the only film where you can find the phantom menace broad trailer attach at this fourth dimension. the trailer for the phantom threat was for sure the best part of the movie experience atomic number 53 had tonight. many hoi polloi do not know that wing commander is based on a star warfare figurer plot. i found this very interesting, considering this fact near says that fly commander be a star wars movie. it be nowhere approximate the level of the star wars films though. freddie prinze junior. maven in the film as christopher blair. wing commandant was a huge mistake for freddie. this was definitely his worst performance to date. after january ' s she ' s entirely that, i in reality saw a good actor in freddie, but now all those visual sense have been crushed. ( for now anyway. ) saint christopher tony blair is a pilot program world health organization is a part of the battle to stop the kilrathi, a group that is trying to destroy the earth. blair ' s parent also fought in the blank battles, and also died in that respect. his parents be pilgrim father, so many the great unwashed disesteem him because of this. blair comprise nether the command of " angel ", played by saffron crocus burrow, and he is friends with another original, todd " lunatic marshall ", played by matthew lillard. matthew lillard seems to play the same use in every movie, and helium does in this one to a fault. his role as stu in 1996 ' s scream (a + ), be a great one, but now, information technology appear like that same function be be played again, only in a space movie. the three equal just a small function of a large mathematical group trying to kibosh the kilrathi before they take over earth. this plot of land be rattling slight, and doesn ' t give a solid lot to work with at all. this explicate why wing commander drag on, seem corresponding there is no gunpoint to any of the events that are going on. the performing is horrible in wing commander. many product line seem out of place, and are completely meaningless. the playing and dialogue be and so frightful, i even found myself laughing at it. the former things which are very risky about fly commanding officer are the special result and the music. the limited effects equal very unrealistic. when looking at 2 ships flying english by side, it is simple to tell they are hang and a dingy screen door is behind them. the explosions look rattling unrealistic as well. a ship testament be bungle up, but there will only be fire present four astir one half of a 2nd. this is really unrealistic. euphony passably much accompanies the moving picture the entire time. the music as well finger like video game music, and it was very platitudinous and annoying sounding. after we be given the plot, the film repeats itself for another hour, without any plot of ground twists, interesting panorama, or anything important to the moving picture show. anthony charles lynton blair is forced to make jumps over other planets, and he moldiness also fight against the kilrathi aircraft. for the total length of the motion picture show, it takes place in blank space. information technology constitute truly similar you are in a video secret plan, because you comprise just watching people shoot at each other in ships for a long, elongated period of time. it ' s non much fun to watch at all. if i wanted to view masses bourgeon at each other in ships, i would give way watch star wars at home. at least star topology wars pays attention to citizenry, myth, feeling, and give birth some real plot to information technology. the bottom line - bring on the phantom menace 20th one c fox! 