the first view of surgical process condor has jackie chan preparing for a secret commission. he attempts to pop a dyad of piece of chewing glue into his sassing, but misses. after they bounce off his face, atomic number 2 says, " non a good start. " as information technology turns out, this strain not only gives foreshadowing to the first step sequence, simply to the rest of the film equally well. in this, the late of the jackie chan movies to be released in america after first runs in hong kong, chan plays an international operative codenamed " condor ", and is tasked by the united nations with finding a stash of gold hidden at a secret alkali by the nazi ' s during their retreat across the saharan desert during the second world war. for some reason, condor is sacrifice his mission at the u. s. embassy in spain. i retrieve this may have be do so that in a chase scenery, they could abide by the time old tradition of knocking over a fruit cart. picket for information technology in any chase scene set in a foreign land, most notably in europe. the chase testament take aim itself through with a marketplace, and a fruit cart volition be overturned. it ' s nearly a guarantee. anyhow. ... condor is given a headstone which is supposed to unlock a giant vault in which the atomic number 79 is hidden; the trouble personify that the key has nonconductor integrated into information technology, which may entail a booby cakehole might be electronically triggered if the key is apply improperly. to help him figure out where the gold is hidden and how to use the tonality correctly, condor is play along by a desert expert (carol cheng) and the granddaughter of the sea captain who was in cathexis of hiding the gold (eva cobo ). there aren ' mt supposed to be any relatives of the nazi captain living in spain, but condor finds the granddaughter by look her up in the telephone set book or something. although these two women are suppose to be entire share of the mission, they prove no assistance at all except to get in trouble and provide an apology for chan to jump into his martial artistic production. in fact, most of the scenes make up so ludicrously contrived that it seems everything is just a fashion to set upwardly a fight. i suppose this isn ' t so risky, since chan ' s action be truly the best theatrical role of the motion picture show, and the only reason you go to see one of his films anyway. if you ' ve never watch a jackie chan motion picture show, don ' tetraiodothyronine expect a great plot, but get along have a bun in the oven to be entertained by his moves. they be so well choreographed and often so awe inspiring that you wonder if this guy follow human. knowing that atomic number 2 does his own stunt, and knowing that this is the real material (no computing machine - masked bungee cord cords here) make the activity sequences all the to a greater extent exciting. you ' ve suffer to hired man information technology to a guy who ' s probably broken every off white in his body for the saki of his nontextual matter. besides of bill in this, as in any jackie chan movie, be the humor. as far as i acknowledge, none of his films take themselves too in earnest, and still the dramatic theatrical role have a sure tongue - in - impertinence quality about them. what is well nigh masterful is the way that witticism be still integrated into the scrap scenes. unlike a martial arts pic such as anything with jean claude van damme, where the fight get you on the intuitive spirit level, fight scenes in chan ' s movies are simply entertaining. you marvel at both his moves and at the way atomic number 2 employs them in such a way to make you laugh. regrettably, even chan ' s mastery keister ' t hold open this photographic film. the secret plan and eccentric are so weak that they wear ' triiodothyronine hold the movie together at all, and the acting is terrible. christmas carol cheng bear apparently acquire expert actress honors at the hong kong film awarding in the past, but since operation condor is a dubbed movie it kind of take all stakes murder. this, combined with an plain low production value made we require to wrick away from the sieve until i get a line those kicks start flying. 