don river ' t get maine improper - - i tend to appreciate besson ' s naif, unashamedly quixotic worldview, an artsy european esthesia gone thoroughly hollywood. his 1994 leon is exciting and absurdly moving, thanks mainly to the interplay between jean reno and a young natalie portman, and 1997 ' s the fifth element live a goofy paean to love, l - u - quint, that ' s even more of a hoot on iterate viewing. merely his joan of arc personify a mess, despite some stirring battle view and the generally knockout bearing of a unaired - cropped milla jovovich as the maiden herself. jovovich, besson ' s own personal muse through the qualification of his concluding two films (though they ' ve since sort ), is magnetic and energetic enough to play a believable joan (as long as you believe joan was not just a warrior, only likewise a fab, supermodel - level babe ). and besson stay a servicable action film director, though not an particularly facile peerless. conduct her army against the apparently impenetrable fortress of the english, joan ' s struggle against great odds is undeniably evoke, and besson facilitate you see how the french could believe, fervently, that god is on her side. besson ' s liberal mistake, i intend, embody trying to dramatise the interior life of his subject. yes, joan had visions - - but one warrant that whatsoever look alike a sympathetic audience conjures in it collective mind will be more compelling than the spicy - eyed the nazarene figure on display in besson ' s hallucinatory dream sequences. the whole self love turn into a disaster right about the time dustin hoffman (billed as " the conscience ") shows up, jabber platitudes and sending poor milla run around her cell, babbling comparable ally mcbeal. that ' s sort of a shame, since she does rather well upward to that point, appoint into battle with a banshie lamentation that suggest the eruption of a sublimated bloodthirstiness. that darkly attractive aspect of her character - - that she ' s as likely a charismatic madwoman as the vessel of the lord - - is more or to a lesser extent betrayed by the final reels, in which the sense of right and wrong browbeats her all over the killing she ' s overseen and joan first to look same little more than a very confused young lady who ' s about to take a fall. as the story nose down, with joan condemned to a ugly last by flaming, besson is aiming for tragedy and psychological significance. trouble be, he ' s chosen a lurid, often jokey whole step for the balance of the picture - - including some blithe cgi bloodshed in the battle scenes - - and information technology ' s unimaginable to shake the feeling that this particular vision of the middle ages is, to a heavy extent, nothing more than than a put - on. this glib, pre - fab version of such a great story makes maine all the more thankful for dreyer ' s the passion of joan of arc (1928 ), a film whose dialog is drawn from the actual transcripts of joan ' s trial, and which stands as one of the well nigh harrowing experiences in all of cinema. compared to that film, the courier playact as a crime against history. - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - directed by luc besson write by besson and andrew birkin cinematography by thierry arbogast euphony by eric serra starring milla jovovich france / usa, 1999 theatrical facet proportion: ii. thirty five: single - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 