information technology ' s a rare delicacy when a quality horror film is turn in the theater. and unfortunately with man ' s beneficial acquaintance, we ' ll be waiting a while longer. the cinema star ally sheedy and spear henrikson in a tale of bio - genetics gone amiss. sheedy plays a snoopy reporter whose motivation for a " good " tale provokes her to snoop inside of emax, a poorly guard zillion one dollar bill bio - lab that she finds herself effortlessly intruding. the result: she unleash the experimental wonder dog refer grievous bodily harm, a german sheepherder with genetic recombination allowing it to swallow like a serpent, camouflage comparable a chameleon, climb trees alike a leopard, and attack with the intensity of tiger. liquid ecstasy takes a liking to sheedy, and she finds herself protecting the animal from the cruel technological land of emax, owned by henrikson. considerably, it doesn ' t take recollective before the hormonally precarious biohazard unleashes his jowls upon the unsuspecting suburban landscape which provide max juicy leg of mailman, etc. .. sheedy is a boring non - mien on the screen, trigger off through the tremendous game chasms neglected by the author / director (i rationalise for a lack of credits. i conjecture i was eager to go away the dramaturgy, and in my rush, forgot to take note of the theater director, writer, producer, etc. .. ). henrikson offer the only reliever from the contrived narration of the playscript, give his character as much ontogeny as he could considering the flat dialogue plaguing the film. the motion picture bet upon it ' s ability to impress the audience with animal special effects, but all it presents is a blackguard that can growl, open door grip with his hand, sit, roll all over, play dead, and sick. the rest of the particular effects were and then poor, one found them offensive. the film attains sub - mediocrity, an ambitionless film at best. horror fans might witness that cujo declare oneself a well bite. 