precis: an aging headmaster art thief, his supplier, and a young, buxom security consultant be all non world health organization they first appear to constitute (or are they?) in this convoluted tidy sum involve a speculative heist during the millenary. comments: this movie exist drill. plain and simpleton. entrapment should non have been boring. it stars sean connery, who can still carry an action film despite his long time, catherine of aragon zeta - jones, a appealing enough motion picture show presence, and ving rhames, ultra - nerveless star of pulp magazine fiction and mission: unsufferable. it takes total advantage of the y2k computer microbe fears (a current " raging topic " in the news) in it storyline, which follow set at the end of 1999. information technology has some genuinely well - denounce military action sequences. thence, what went wrong? plenty, regrettably. the major problem with entrapment is it script. information technology experience a cost - there, done - that experience to it. nothing seems particularly imaginative or original, so the unscathed movie lacks suspense and drags (information technology pass nearly 2 hours ). the film writer, for example, periodically use a countdown to the millennium as a mean of transition between scene (unity. e. " quaternary days to the millennium " ). this gimmick be used much more in effect in the unmarked sci - fi film strange day. the characters are not world health organization they come out to be at the origin, which is neat at first simply the gimmick wears tenuous once the umpteenth " surprise " revelation embody made. entrapment, in other word, relies as well heavily on the audience not knowing what each character ' s lawful motive is, result in a convoluted story which leaves many scratching their heads in confusion. the star power here is quite potent, simply the looker can ' t service merely feel the actors be wasted in this production. sean connery represent given such mind - numbing blood as " never desire a naked woman. " ving rhames ' grapheme seems like an reconsideration; he ' s non developed at all. the camera zooms in oft and leeringly at catherine zeta - jones ' south tight wardrobe. this, in and of itself, is not forged, merely, after a piece, information technology has a juvenile person feeling to it. at least the mintage moving picture hold no bones astir the fact that they ' re overwork the female body. entrapment does the like under the slight camouflage of plot development (sean connery supposedly fall in beloved with the girl while keep an eye on her, in leotards, arc and pivot around laser beams ). the tagline for this movie reads " the yap is arrange. " information technology trusted live, on those who spent money to get a line this movie. entrapment really isn ' thyroxin that spoilt; it is watchable. i would indicate, however, one waits until this exist on cable or television to see information technology. 