carry on at your convenience is all astir the goings - on in the factory of a crapper maker, wc boggs (kenneth williams ). once they have won an ordination to cook up 1000 bidets in two months and charles coote (charles hawtrey) has design a suitable model, the factory employees set to work but are interrupted by mating representative vic spanner (kenneth cope) and friend bernie hulke (bernard bresslaw) world health organization call them out on strikes on the slightest pretext. meantime, master honcho sid plummer (sid saint james) follow growing tired of his wife beattie (hattie jacques) and her budgie. he would much rather springy next doorway with fellow boggs worker chloe moore (joan sims) but once he name that the budgie can predict the winners of knight race, he is over the lunar month and flush with money. his girl, myrtle plummer (jacki bagpiper ), is going out with wc ' s son john llewelly lewis boggs (richard o ' callaghan) and this induce conflict on the staff day out to the seaside when vic spanner vies for her attentions. in the end, if the strike cause not quit, boggs will have to close up down his factory, only the sustenance of a group of women conduce by coote ' s wife - to - be and spanner ' s mother, agatha spanner (renee houston ), strain to resolve the situation. also, sid realises that his melopsittacus undulatus has make him nothing just trouble since it started prognosticate horse race winners. there are some good performances, as usual, from sid james river and kenneth hiram williams in their standard roles. charles the bald hawtrey is third charge but only appear in a few scenes. his part equal mildly amusing. richard o ' callaghan be appeal as bogg ' s stuck - astir son, patsy rowlands be queer as miss withering, bogg ' s assistant, and renee samuel houston is terrific in her small part as agatha. however, only acting honours live to hattie jacques as beattie plummer. although her character be non forthwith involved with the principal storyline, she manages to input a great stack of pathos and feeling into her character. a fantastic performance from a marvelous actress. the film suffers from annoying performances by claude bernard bresslaw and especially kenneth header. in his carry on introduction, cope exaggerate his role as spanner making him so annoying as to be unfunny. joan sims comeback as the love interest (instead of barbara house of windsor ). sims ' ' usual ' part as the downtrodden wife follow assume by hattie jacques. additionally, bill maynard as fred moore is very hapless. this carry on movie tries it right to entertain the viewer: - the locations and wealth of graphic symbol are invoke. however, the toilet humor becomes wearisome very quick and some of the performance leave a lot to be hope. this moving picture show does not know where information technology is going. it was make in 1971 and talbot rothwell the scriptwriter seem to be in two mind whether to go for ' bluer ' gag or to maintain the ' impeccant ' jokes success of most of its predecessors. that be why this picture show suffers. a nonaged carry on film whose major plus is the performance by hattie jacques. the new ' minor - regulars ' such as o ' callaghan and genus piper be non capable to enliven the movie and the toilet sense of humour becomes humourless after a spell. 