synopsis: blond condemnable psychologist sarah take to copulate with greasy tony the mysterious puerto rican rather than beard cliff the wisecrack neighbor upstairs. in the meantime, someone charge sarah rotting flowers, set her name in the paper ' s obituary chromatography column, and kills her cat. comments: never talk to stranger, a colossal waste of time, moves slower than molasses in winter to arrive at a conclusion which should make up obvious to the consultation xx minutes into the film. unitary wouldn ' t think that 2 genuine movie stars, antonio banderas (evita) and rebekah de mornay (hand that sway the cradle ), and the caustic comic genius dennis miller (" sabbatum nighttime live ") would be involved in such a celluloid blowback as this turkey. not alone are they in it, even so, but diamond state mornay executive produced information technology. what was she thinking? never talk of the town to stranger essence upon sarah, a psychologist examining the ill - tempered max, a manslayer shortly to stand tribulation. she receives a sudden visit from her church father which fire flashbacks of some catastrophe in her early childhood. 2 men woo her; tony the " security consultant " wins her over (so they have passionate sex replete with cheesy sax medicine ). a lot of psychobabble is thrown around almost multiple personality disorder, but the film asks its consultation not to derive the obvious conclusion between mpd and sarah, and instead offers several manlike characters as red herring. eighty six minutes, the running clip of this cinematic sight, thus, look like lxxxvi hours. a good chunk of never talk to alien is spent upon sarah and tony. wherefore would the career - bear in mind, professional sarah look attract to the walking steroid with a black chapeau called tony? that ' s one of the film ' s mystery story which are never answer. regardless of motive, diamond state mornay and banderas strip down and have sex several times in what passes for eroticism. they likewise deal to go out before copulating occasionally - - in nonpareil of the stupidest scenes of the film, tony takes sarah to a carnival that ' s * right outside * his dingy apartment (that style, they can travel rapidly back and have arouse cursorily ). likewise, apparently, the atmospheric condition changes quickly in their locale: they ' re at this outdoor circus matchless day before have sexual activity; the next day, they ' re out playing in the snow before have sex. the filmmaker attempt to produce a suspenseful plot of ground intersperse with tony and sarah ' s " fictitious character development. " someone is out to get pitiable sarah (though most of the audience should have figured out who before any of this bug out ). rot flowers, a writeup in the obituary, and a beaten neighbour comprise exactly a few of the risky things which happen to her. suspense platitude number unitary besides occurs: whenever someone follow stalk in thrillers, by any way, if the stalked has a pet, that pet will die. oftentimes, to even further the cliche, the murdered deary make up a kat (suspense filmmaker, for some cause, only don ' t like computerized tomography ). sarah, in never talk of the town to strangers, receives a package and, lo and behold, chance upon her maimed cat within. suspense at it very derivative! as tell before, never talk to strangers is a poor self justification for a film whose sole design seems to be exploiting banderas and de mornay ' s body as often as potential. comedian dennis milling machine is completely wasted here (he ' s not given lines that be suitable for his theatrical role) and doesn ' t even seem entirely that much. maybe, in a way, atomic number 2 ' s lucky for that. early on in the movie, sarah tells tony, after meeting him in a supermarket, that she had be notify to ne'er talk to strangers. allow me to advise that you ne'er watch this dirty dog. 