iodine have a slap up approximation for a movie, one that seat ' t miss. see, i ' ve got coolio to do a song dynasty for the soundtrack, and astir l athletes and celebrities to do cameo visual aspect. information technology ' s astir professional basketball, so i ' ll release information technology right around the nba finals to warrantee added publicity. as for what the picture show is in reality about. .. well, that volition all sort itself away eventually. i figure information technology will be a comedy, so ane ' ll hold a half - dozen writer at it and take the safe of any they amount up with. maybe we ' ll place a sex spin on it, envision if we can get some adult female kayoed to see information technology, too. eddie is one of those phenomenally lazy films that infuriates maine more than than any other variety. twister, as inane as the script power get be, at least requisite some originative technicians; mission: impossible, overwrought patch and all, at least involved echt effort. eddie just sit down in that respect, hawk up a formula story without any gag, and makes every possible bad decision when a conclusion is required. whoopi rube goldberg plays eddie franklin, a new york limo driver and cash in one's chips - hard knicks fan world health organization be suffering through with a dismal time of year for her dear team. coach john pearl bailey (dennis farina) accept lost restraint of his overpaid prima donna, and the losses be beginning to mount. the dwindling attendance exalt new team proprietor risky bill burgess (candid langella) to prove a publicity stunt in which a favorable fan will get to be an honorary jitney of the team. the succeeder (surprise, surprise) is eddie, who become a fan deary, and finally the actual coach and four. the knicks continue to fall behind, but eddie has some sassy trick up her sleeve to barrack her troops. by the bye, the knicks finally start winning. delight raise your hand if that comes as a shock, and one will take in you to my all - night marathon of the spoiled news bear, major league, angels in the outfield, the mighty ducks, the big green, coolheaded runnings and little giants. awful teams in sports comedies make marvellous turnarounds; it ' s what they do. those teams unremarkably involve kids, for a very sound comedic rationality: information technology ' s funnier when they screw astir, and they ' re more sympathetic. those which _don ' t_ involve kids usually have actual actors in the wind theatrical role, for another very sound comedic reason: they in the main have developed some sort of risible timing. eddie was roll nether the misguided premise that it ' s easier to make basketball players look like actors than it be to make actors expect similar basketball game instrumentalist. this come up nba players like greg ostertag, dwayne schintzius, rick george fox and malik sealy birth punch lines as though they were reading them for the first time off a bazooka wrapper (though sacramento kings center olden polynice has a nice moment describing a black kettle of fish to fellow players ). perhaps that all didn ' t affair to anyone because there are so few puncher lines, and because the whole film is one swelled cast gimmick. steve rash directs the spiritless script as though wave a flag of surrender and screaming, " don ' t goddamned me, i scarcely work here. " perhaps information technology was plain obvious to him that eddie international relations and security network ' t a film - - it ' s a cameo appearance that trips over a plot every once in a while. among the notables who lend their faces to this travesty are donald trump, new york mayor rudolph giulianni, onetime new york mayor ed koch, david letterman, letterman regulars mujibur rahman and sirajul islam, espn broadcaster chris berman and knicks announcer marv albert, as well as dozens of nba players and several nba arena. and those are the real jest in eddie. nothing these someone suppose or serve is odd; you are supposed to be express mirth simply because you mark, " hey, information technology ' s donald trump! " or " hey, it ' s mujibur and sirajul! " it ' s difficult to decide whether eddie is so bad because it be thence shamelessly miss in resourcefulness or because it can ' t even get the bromide in a cliche - ridden genre script right. the knicks coach world health organization is eddie ' s antagonist too soon in the plastic film reappears at the end, but he isn ' t give a chance to be the baddie eddie desperately needs. neither is point blank langella, and none of the athlete - actors experience the ability to give whoopi reuben lucius goldberg anything to play off of. that leaves her to do her street - stephen samuel wise miss thang routine, but with no character, no abrupt line and no service. eddie isn ' t just a risky movie with a formulaic assumption. it ' s a movie that makes you find cheated and offended, because someone came up with a card and a marketing plan to which they had to impound an literal movie, and you had the nerve to believe it was survive to be a comedy. 