the enceinte worker james wood once said (and i ' one thousand paraphrasing ), " if sex isn ' t messy, and so you ' re not doing it right ". a truly profound statement, and unrivalled that could exist make for the entire mad slasher genre (just replace " sex activity " with " your mad slasher picture show " ). for those uninformed souls, the mad slasher genre (or substitute - musical style) is a melding of repugnance and exploitation elements arrange to the service of a plot that follows an identical outline: a usually masked simply e'er crazed killer stalk and kills attractive teens a la halloween. urban legend comprise a mad slasher flick, but unrivaled that is so sanitary, bloodless, and nudity free, that with it irony laden dialogue and beautiful (though non overly talented) cast, it more closely resembles an overlong weber television special. for plastic film makers, panel is one of the two weapon they have at their disposal in a stale, fright - free horror movie, as stephen king once said (again paraphrasing) " if you can ' t daunt your audience, gross em ' come out, if you can ' t do that, make em ' laugh ". alas, urban legend succeed only at the latter, though not by intention. ace actually find the fact that this film become a underage success ($ 40 million domestic box office staff gross) more dreadful than anything in it. information technology seems that audiences ' tastes have been whittled down to such a grade that any movie even claim to embody scary exist afford the welfare of the doubt. the promotion for urban legend sure anticipate kick, simply how can anyone with a three figure iq argue that information technology provides them. unfortunately, these sort of flicks will continue to be give rise because people no more longer have expectations; one idiotic super - hyped blockbuster flick after another has desensitized hearing to the point where films don ' t need to practice anything more than promise a good time without the added insistency of delivering. if anyone disagrees i would love for them to explain the box office successes of irish bull alike batman and old world robin, wild wild rebecca west, and godzilla. but forget all that, it goes without saying that mad slasher films (beaver state any other victimization sour - shoot) will be made without an oz. of craft (specially considering the sheer volume that are produced ). allow me to confront you with the real break of the mad slasher film: the deficiency of enthusiastic exploitation. these flick aren ' t harness with any lofty aspirations, thusly why not go against free and establish your audience a bloody good time? sadly stunned of the literally hundreds made, i would approximate that maybe trio are at all charles frederick worth while. and urban caption would certainly non be included amongst those trinity. despite it considerable production value and the absence of any boom mics splay into frame of reference, it is just equally awful as any no budget ingress in the slasher sweepstakes. as far as the possibility of some secure natured exploitation urban caption ' s setting alone offers a ten thousand of promising possibilities: information technology takes blank space on a college campus, which is always an appropriate vacation spot for the crazed grampus. you see, the campus make up a community made up almost solely of young people all in the thick of strange hormonal surges filter beneath the airfoil. all those untried people personify growing upwards in concert, go through with all kinds of inexplicable emotional highs and sir david alexander cecil low, indeed naturally some weirdness is expected. all the better for that subtle crazed slayer. copulate with the plentiful amounts of scantily clothed coeds running around, and the introduction of a little development into the proceedings should cost a relatively leisurely task. but ala, urban legend is non just absurd and clich? ? full; it ' s way too clean, a slasher moving picture for the whole family with no nudeness, little gore, and much stupidity. this be the kind of picture where the killer drags all in victim from the scene of the crime for no reason other than, i dunno, exercise. it ' s the kind of movie where the villain calmly purse a running - like - the - wind - prey, yet all the same manages to charm that fair game done some really awe inspiring editing techniques. it ' s the kind of movie where characters guide into each other scarcely as a loud clash reverberates on the soundtrack. i actually wish film producer would just hit the sack that whole loud - noise - saltation - scare matter. yes the audience jumps, momentarily frightened, just wouldn ' t anyone if a loud sonic godsend suddenly infiltrated a subdued room. i lose all leslie townes hope for the possibility of any genuine scare in urban legend about decade minutes in when i caught a glimpse of the killer. apparently movie maker are running ko'd of originative ways to disguise their mad slashers. in scream it be a ghost mask (scary enough ), in unity know what you did last summertime it was a fisher humanity ' s rain slicker (in the centre of summertime no less ), and in urban legend the disguise sinks to the level of mel brooks mockery: the villain wears an outsize parka with a fury hood (ooh? ?? scary) intended to conceal his / her identity. for urban legend 2 unity humbly suggest a donald duck costume. though i must admit, urban legend does have a winning premise for what could ingest embody a passably entertaining exploitation movie. the film ' s killer slices and dices comely college students to the tune of famous urban legends (you know, same the sitter gets endanger phone bid only to find that they ' re coming from inside the sign ). i won ' t spoil the surprisal as to what urban caption be used, after all the film serve offer fine 2: 00 be cable viewing if you happen to be intoxicate enough. sad to say, it doesn ' t include my favorite urban caption: a fairly graphic antidote refer richard gere and a rattling unhappy gerbil. now that would exist scary. before i leave you, i would like to bestow to your attention the third virtually irritating thing about the film (the first being the lack of wiliness, the second the want of exploitation) - - its characters, all of whom are just now astir the most annoying group of people i ' ve of all time spent an evening with. solely jared leto (looking like a atomic number 6 transcript of rob lowe from back in the daytime) and alicia witt, as the resilient heroine, avoid vexatiousness. the most vexation of the bunch is a tie between noxima girl rebecca gayheart and sitcom wizard michael rosenbaum, as a supremely irritating lout (so irritating i actually recreate his painful death, and i am not a cruel somebody ). ironically those exacerbate sack of human waste provide the only entertainment in the motion picture; if viewed as a vicarious fantasy urban legend displace personify gently entertaining. after all this is a movie that sport the sort of faux hipsters i can ' t fend getting slaughtered, which be at least just than watching an intact film about people i can ' t stand not getting slaughtered. 