movies like six days, seven nights create pine tree state demented because talented people like harrison ford, anne heche, and ivan reitman assign a muckle of hard work in to a script charles frederick worth about x cents.? the hand was written by michael browning, and he settle that, instead of thinking up new ideas, atomic number 2 ' d rehash a lot of cliches, omit even the slightest bit of character developing, and then throw in drug - look at pirate ship to provide for a few high - level action sequences and explosions.? in that respect are estimable script verboten there that high - profile player can make (ascertain the truman appearance, for instance ).? sixer days, seven nights is plainly a dissipation. army of the righteous ' s see. . . we have to get harrison fording and anne heche alone on an island.? so, how serve we practise that?? well, we ' ll induce her a feisty magazine editor, and we ' ll arrive at him a crusty quondam pilot program.? only waiting, she has to have a fianc? e; that can be david schwimmer.? only postponement, if she has a fianc? due east, how will she and harrison president ford smash on the island alone?? one know!? they ' ll get to their vacation spot, and and then she ' ll get called backward!? yes!? indeed, they ' ll clang on the island, and that will be rum for about five minute.? shit. oh, i ' ve get information technology!? we ' ll throw in a distracting subplot in which her fianc? e has sex with a rattling attractive woman who play similar a bimbo, and then he sack feel shamefaced.? then, when anne heche kiss harrison ford (they have to kiss, because differently cypher will want to come across the movie ), it will be a vindicated action, because her fianc? e will already have cheated on her!? and so, for no obvious reason, they ' ll accidentally run into sea robber who try out to kill them.? oh, yes!? iodine feel so good about this tale.? instead of use characterisation to propel the events, it will live completely random, and however totally predictable!? imagine that. don ' mt get me incorrect - - six day, seven nights be not a boring picture; ford and heche both come a great task.? the spark fly between them, and thence most of brown ' s inane dialogue is drowned out by the actors ' sheer force of talent. ? about every scene between them has vigour that the performing artist work to the screen door, and i found myself laughing pretty hard.? schwimmer is as well suspect, and manages to milk all of his tantrum for whatever atomic number 2 can get.? and reitman, who bear made some good film, at least endeavor to make things exciting.? yet though the plagiarizer subplot is profoundly silent, i was devise to personify pleasantly sidetracked by the activity sequences. it ' entropy scarce when one set out to think about the story that my contempt for this film earth's surface.? the word picture feels like information technology ' s exist hacked to pieces - - i wouldn ' t be surprised if v operating theater six awkward subplots have been edited out whole.? the ones that are here are as bad as they come (i think one let out a very audible groan when they commence the first glimpse of the pirate ships ), and iodin ' d just like to shake the producer by the shoulders and scream, " wherefore practise you nibble this awful book! ? "? the film make up unlimited stupid, just some of the elements are subtly horrifying.? for instance, take the subplot in which the schwimmer grapheme has sexual urge with the bimbo, and and so feels really hangdog.? this is a serious job in real biography, simply six days, seven nighttime reduces any probability of complexity to a weak plot device: ? his actions are what make it o.k. for heche to kiss ford.? in a script that lacks even a glimpse of reasoning subtlety, one find information technology odd that such a queerly insulting device ended upward in the story. this is summertime movie season, just that doesn ' t mean our movies throw to be dumb.? 1998 so far have be one of the bad year in recent memory for summer blockbusters.? when i was in short letter for six days, vii nox, i heard the fair sex in front of me necessitate for " two ticket to that new harrison ford movie. " ? wherefore didn ' t she know the gens of the celluloid?? i imagine she just didn ' liothyronine care. ? what bothers me even more is that the people who make these great - budget render wear ' t recognize that their celluloid are becoming parodies of themselves.? good actors should sign to good script, and if hollywood insists on making pic to rake in cash, they least they could do is assume that we ' d like to pass our money on a story worth more than than ten penny. 