the stereotypical american male has an undeniable fetishistic love of sportsman automobile. manufacturer jerry bruckheimer plays upon that attraction with a flick so loaded with testosterone and laced titillatingly with shot after frenzied shot of sinewy muscle elevator car, sleek foreign road hugger and iconic speed machine that many males will leave the theater in an orgasmic haze. gone is lx seconds is an riot of maleness gone awfully awry. batting cage is fabled retired car thief, memphis raines (don ' t you love cunning moving picture names ), world health organization must call upon his time worn skills to pull through his thick - headed brother (ribisi) from being killed. seems a homicidal offense genus bos (eccleston) with a fetish for wood (introduce your own joke) charter crony kip to steal a silly amount of expensive, exotic autos. fifty car, to be accurate. poor upstart screws the pooch and bollocks up the business badly. if the car aren ' t deliver in three day, bossman has a casket carved out just for kip. literally. if only someone could write him. hmmmm. . wonder what memphis is doing? in social club to give the film some aroused heftiness, there are several subplots designed to labour at our heartstrings or give uracil the thrill of. .. oscitance, excuse me, dramatic tenseness. shadowing memphis be an one time jurisprudence enforcement opposition (lindo) who ' s looking to send memphis forth. will he watch him? there ' s old fire tilt (jolie ), world health organization had her center broken by memphis years ago. will they get backward together? shortsighted, tickle seeker kip idolise his brother, yet resents him for moving aside from the family. leave they reconnect? raines old wise man (duvall) has long since left the lifetime of crime. will memphis get him eventually caught as he rend him back into the life, one more than meter? can you answer all these questions aright in 2 secondment without seeing the film foremost? i ' ll bet you can. follow the gap credit entry, which fill you in on the accomplishments of the raines family through a collage of old exposure, we was occupy full gas into the splendor that live memphis. he ' randomness first shown living the good life history teaching youthful nestling to drive perish - carts. in a later view, as misfit blood brother kip wittingly tell memphis he has the stolen car state of affairs under control, all the while name breakfast, a metaphor be made of shakespearian proportions. just as a pan of grease flares up with kip clueless to how to stay it, freehanded pal memphis calmly and efficiently throws some salt on information technology. look like everything might turn out fine after all. you know this because the euphony intumesce on the crest of violins. that ' atomic number 16 about equally strong as the word picture gets, which is a shame. bruckheimer has a material endowment for loading his movies with an salacious amount of talent given the project at hand. monumentally underused jolie portrays an vacuous lead sexpot whose idea of sex revolves around cars and memphis. or maybe information technology ' s but the cars. duvall trots away his ornery, simply odorous old codger outfit. atomic number 53 ' 1000 sure atomic number 2 ' s still express joy at taking a payroll check for this one. lindo projects a warm hearted, but tightly focused detective that nigh transcends the material. the biggest waste of resources is vinnie daniel jones, world health organization plays a silent accomplice of memphis. without saying a word, he is well the nearly magnetic person in the movie. alike a bam of nitrous oxide, atomic number 2 attacks each scene with a straightforward zeal. overly bad his minutes onscreen are thence few. somehow, bruckheimer manages to attract top hollywood acting talent to high concept, poorly pen movies, gussies upwards the photographic film with lots of gold hues and pleasingly stylise activity and they sell like proverbial griddlecake. every time something clever happens information technology ' s counterbalanced by something so overtly faulty that it jerks you backwards into realizing you ' re watching a movie. in that respect ' s a advanced usage of black lighting that goes from be a novelty to a part of the secret plan. it ' southward counterbalanced by an extremely nerveless endeavour at humour by having an asian american repeatedly failing a driver ' s test. conceive of the yuks. there ' s a section where one of the thieves shows another his cool fake fingermark trick. it ' s countered by the lame semitrailer - subplot of a motorcar make up stolen with a bunch of diacetylmorphine in the bole. the ramifications are never explore. so there ' s the ridiculousness of the many cops world health organization actually fool at take flight cars. non entirely is information technology stupid, but it ' south against the law. this live a picture made of pretty, but tepid car chases strung together by simply decent lineament fundamental interaction to move the plot along. gone in sixty second aptly describes how long information technology ' ll take for this marginally entertaining, only vacuous film to pass on your store. 