megabyte: 1 - two, the subsequence to mission impossible, is a james bond wannabe film, but information technology die to yet come close to that film in wit, sense of humor, and entertainment time value. it tries to be a spy / love story moving picture show, but without any suspense the film just looks similar information technology ' s an extended commercial message for dudes who consider they await cool in throwaway sunglasses. it cost a pic that prefers techie gadgets to anything human. the cool affair about this movie, was totally the holes information technology have in it story and the most trite thing about the motion picture, was the utilization of dove throughout as peace symbol. the picture plays as if it was a fuddled fantasy dream astir techie furiousness. except for the choreographed action sequences, the film was dull for three - poop of its time, filled with as well many dead blot in it story to garner concern astir its wooden type or the superficial romance that developed. as for the action scenes, they power look good to those who are converts to violence in their films, merely their advertisement for sadistic responses, be nothing short of mindless sketch furiousness, which pee pee it very unmanageable to sit back and applaud without feel put off by the gratuitous cruelty seen. k: i - 2 opens and closes with fast - paced action scenes, but information technology personify hard to bring forth retiring the eye part which just draw on in banal dialogue. the picture show look as if it had been invaded by a reckoner virus, at that distributor point. the lonesome thing that kept pine tree state wake up, was the horrible music draw up by han dynasty zimmer that became very loud at any of the film ' s supposedly momentous activity setting and seemed to make an uninteresting scene even more detectable in the wrong way. it ' s a mega - buck picture show adapt from a popular high - tech gadgetry television set series. but it aesthetic success is an impossible chore to fulfil because it hire the haywire director and doer to asterisk in information technology, and it failed to produce a story that had any substance. john woo (" erupt arrow " / " face / off ") is good at doing car chases, choreographed fights with midair flip and kung - fu kicks, slo - mo shots of two gun blazing, and of fire explosions, but he just can ' t appear to handle dialogue and suspense. the superstar of the film and co - producer, tom cruise, and his romantic interest, thandie n, personify miscast. cruise is no james bond and looks more like a yuppie than a superhero in his stylish long hairsbreadth and innocent smile, as he try out to carry off this macho role, while thandie make up not an action - film girl, and seem like a fish - out - of - weewee in this one. their romance didn ' t work, not only when was information technology tepid and non aphrodisiacal, merely it wasn ' t convincing. the film opens with dizzy upper, mayhap with the leslie townes hope that a mixed up audience is its good bet for success. we will make up in three dissimilar localization instantaneously: sydney, the american southwest, and seville. first, we are in sydney, australia, where a scientist with a muffled russian accent, dr. nekhorvich (rade ), mentions that he make a deadly killer computer virus called chimaera and an antidote for information technology. he too mentions that every hero need a desirable villain. which explains the film ' sulfur mythic composition. .. as we enter the world of comic book myth on safe and evil. the one who played the baddie, dougray scott, does so in a unity - dimensional gruff smell, which did not distinguish him in that function. at least, if the plastic film get the baddie part right, it might stimulate had some merriment with this nonsense. soon the diabolic scientist is on a plane talking to someone helium trust called dimitri, simply then the plane is taken over by terrorists who set up information technology on automatic pilot and crash it into the rocky mountains. before they crash the plane and parachute out of information technology, the one world health organization was put as dimitri, turns out to be sean st. ambrose (george c. scott ), a rogue member of the international monetary fund, which is a cia - like clon. atomic number 2 steal the package with the antidote, peels off a latex mask, which is a replica of the hero of the news report, ethan hunt (cruise ), who had posed as dimitri to the scientist before and get thereby make his combine. sean and his group of terrorists carry kayoed this approach because they plan a computer virus pestilence on the world and then to trade the dupe the counterpoison at mark upward prices. we already saw the gimmick of peeling masks used in face / turned and in the original mission impossible, which as convoluted a patch as that film take, information technology was still a superior photographic film to this continuation. woo have melt down this peeling mask routine into the ground, as it comprise used indeed often in this film by both side, then much so, that it blurs any ethical part differences between good guy operating theatre villain. it makes information technology look as if anyone could embody another character, which distorts the realism of the picture show and make information technology impossible for the film to seduce much sense. next we are in a heap range in the american southwest, and ethan is on holiday, hanging by his fingertip while climbing and looking cool, when a helicopter with his boss anthony hopkins on board, delivers via a rocket launcher, a pair of talk sunglasses. search learns his next mission is to retrieve the chimera package and he is allowed to pick two even imf agents to help, billy baird (john polson) and luther stickell (ving rhames ), with martin luther incline a high - convenience computer, but he also must get a precious stone thief nominate nyah hall (thandie) to join his squad. helium be told, as an incentive to recruit her, all her criminal charges will cost dropped. hopkins then signs off with the tag tune: this message testament self - destruct in quintet seconds. really, with the release of hopkins, information technology was this disposable motion picture that really self - destructed at this point. in sevilla, hunt recruits nyah into the squad in the middle of a gem heist and a subsequent car chase, where he nearly runs her audi sports cable car over the english of a sight road. he too falls for her when this was only supposed to be a business deal, and learns that she is valuable because her old hat - boyfriend was sean st. ambrose and that atomic number 2 nonetheless wants to f * ck her. the imf team then inject a location tracer chip into her to spot sean so she can fail f * ck him, as she leads them to his hide - out in the seaside of australia in which helium shares with his sneering villainous cohort, the south african, hugh stamp (richard roxburgh ). robert towne, the screenwriter, who contribute to the first " mission, " who is noted for doing " chinatown " - - write a colorless, earthbound hand, unrivaled that fails even to live funny in a camp way. the terrorists, who propose to rule the creation, are interested in own 51 percent in a biotech company and in make stock options, as they plan to infect sydney with the computer virus and possess their company sell the antidote, insuring that they will make one million million on the stock. ethan comes to the delivery of the world and of nyah, with his only conflict be world health organization is to a greater extent of import to redeem first. ethan does this deliverance against all betting odds, as he finds a way to penetrate a security tight biotech company, struggle it out with sean and the early terrorists, and rescue nyah, who injected herself with the virus to stymy sean ' s getting information technology, as the lonesome way to transport the virus is through another person or from the vaccine needle. ethan rescue her by doing stunt riding on a motorcycle, use kick - boxing, winning a gunfight, throwing a replete john wayne supply of grenades at the terrorists, making some more use out of that peeling mask bit, and by being altogether fearless and larger than living, while he kick ' s everyone ' s ass. if i live entirely nurse by this. .. i could have live with it. but this film live thus ill made, that it comprise like watching a high spot motion picture show of a basketball game, seeing only the jibe - dunks, but with the game itself constitute excluded from the telecast. in any case, this is a critic - proof film, and will in all probability do well in the box authority, as it was have to attract to all the demographics world health organization recover commercial venture like this one easy to buy into. 