take two old and dying gentleman, a lifetime of regrets, a house full of sins, a thoroughly despicable man, enough lies, insecurities and other character defects to keep a squad of psychiatrists gainfully employed, and so add a incomprehensible meteorological and amphibian - establish phenomenon and you will have summed upwards magnolia, the newest film from paul thomas anderson (boogie nights ). the movie tells multiple stories, weaving them in concert, beaver state overlapping them during the course of information technology three 60 minutes running time. would that the stories were deserving the telling. earl bobwhite (jason robards, a thousand land) is dying of cancer. bedridden, in much annoyance, it is obvious that his time is growing short. his much young wife played by julianne moore (an ideal husband) is storm to find herself struggling with his impend death. get marry for money, she discovers that she has in reality fallen in love with the one time guy and ruefulness having jockey and lied. earl sorrow having cheated on his first wife and estranging himself from his only boy (tom sail, eyes full shut ), now a misogynist ego - help guru who teaches humanity how to " seduce and destroy, " his sexual and vulgar perspective on male / female relationship is and so over - the - top as to be utterly unbelievable. meantime, jemmy gator (philip baker hall, the insider) is besides dying of genus cancer. not as physically handicap as earl, jimmy is even so able to do his duties as the lovable host of a long - running quiz appearance which pits adults against children. the current whiz - quiz - nipper be stanley spector (jeremy blackman in his film launching) who is tired of the pressure of performing and be willing to call information technology quits. on the former mitt, quiz child donnie smith (william macy, mystery story men) would like zip more than than to return to the spotlight when helium was a " somebody. " his pitiable life is souring as he tin can no more longer capitalize on his brief 15 minute of fame which henry m. stanley is all too eager to relinquish. jimmy have his own family crisis as his drug - addict daughter (melora bruno walter, boogie nights) refuses to experience anything to do with him for reasons which are not disclosed to usa until the conclusion of the film. grabbing at i last attempt at happiness she reaches out to a softhearted cop (john c. reilly, ne'er been kissed) still as she tries to push herself away from him because she deems herself not worthy of his heart. this nonadaptive group carries on for what seems to be an interminable two - thirds of the moving picture. and then it get bad, literally raining gaul. yes, frogs. assuming it to be an intended deus - ex - machina device, information technology be an ineffectual unity because information technology doesn ' tonne seem to unsettle the characters much. buckeye state, they may step gingerly around the spattered frog corps littering the street, simply otherwise, the batrachian shower bath didn ' t seem to change their behavior or pattern of support (or choke ). in that respect personify simply too much going on in this movie and most of it is distasteful to watch. mr.. anderson farther obscures the film by incorporating a loud and intrusive sound track that often drowned out the dialogue, a character who plain rapped a significant clue to a plot of land development which was whole unintelligble, and a heavy handed segment of " diachronic " occurances containing ironic twist which set up absolutely nothing. i of the recurring stem is found in a line donnie quotes: " we may be do with the preceding, but the past tense is not get along with us. " this is an absolute trygve halvden lie. god is in the forgiveness commercial enterprise. in fact, as we humbly ask for forgiveness and repent or alter our bruise mindset, god ' s bible says that atomic number 2 non only forgive, he also forgets. " single, even 1, be he that blotteth knocked out thy transgressions for mine own sake, and bequeath not remember thy sins. " isaiah xliii: 25 [kjv ] the ghostlike ace world health organization keeps bringing up our unrighteous past personify the same one world health organization want to keep u in a state of condemnation. don river ' t let him. next time your spiritual adversary reminds you of your past times, take capital joy in reminding him of his future. he hates that. 