erithacus rubecola hood: men in tights is another mel - van wyck brooks - produced moving picture show in the classic custom of pic similar blazing saddle and young frankenstein. mel brooks is intimately known for his comic flavour at regular life, his fasting paced duologue and sharp wit. alas, robin cowling: men in leotards has none of the easy going humor of blazing saddles, none of the fun acting of young frankenstein, be devoid of the magic spell of spaceballs, and is yet lacking the good, solid dialogue of history of the world. it is, in brusk, one of the forged motion picture i take in catch mel brook, or anybody else, produce. the patch borrows heavily from the wellspring - received kevin costner picture of last twelvemonth, robin hood: prince of thieves. this is non surprising in and of itself, and could have been use to great mirthful effect, mainly by parody aspect from the orginal movie. mel brooks does non take advantage of this, even so, and uses the film to launch respective ideas into the air, none of which connect and none of which represent explained later on. the movie ' s scenes could be shuffled around in any parliamentary procedure and one would equal hard agitate to card. cary elwes, of princess bride fame, plays robin of loxley, a gentleman's gentleman world health organization comprise charm in the crusades, fighting with king richard. atomic number 2 escapes and, joining with a man named achoo (1 am sure you nates find out the obvious joke ), fights in england to reclaim his name and the throne for richard, which has been captured by malign prince john, played by odd comic richard lewis. he likewise tries for the love of amah marian and attempts to bring down the evil " sheriff of rottingham ". a good risky venture plot that is unhappily unused. elwes and lewis be both excellent comics, just the talks in the movie personify simply excruciating. neither player has any near words to work with, and the lines simply aren ' t funny remark, nor believable. peradventure the bad example of this is when the group of merry men encounter a man playing a macaulay culkin dead ringer from the hit movie menage solo. this particular scene is so out of position and thus badly acted, and fall out by so many other scene of equal miserable ideas, that i truly felt like leaving the theater. much of the audience continued to look at their watches throughout, and some left the dramatic art. chuckles be few and far between, and they more often than not dealt with ocular jokes (such as an sometime, beaten up horse from " rent - a - wreck ") and then from any dialogue whatsoever. aspect that could have been classics, such as the archery contest, are ruined by poor acting. peradventure the largest job with the movie be that it is simply dysphemistic. the basic plot, that robin has invite a headstone that will unlock the chastity belt ammunition of housemaid marian, be not witty nor funny. mel put up as a circumcision - giving rabbi is as well nauseous to pine tree state and others in the audience (not all judaic, either ). the movie simply sample to hard trying to live funny and by and large fails. the addition of a unreasoning valet world health organization stumbles around, descend off cliffs, walking into ledge and being a oecumenical buffoon could have have some humorous likely, but is also made atrociously offensive. the only ground to see this film is the surprise actor at the end who plays king richard. he is substantially deserving waiting for, if you can stand an minute and half of unfunny talks, excruciating ocular humor, old puns, ancient jocularity and bad acting. if you can ' t, don ' t even nark watching this miserable pic. 