capsule: cartel one quart of despoiler of the lost ark, a elan of a jackie chan picture (sans jackie ), ii teaspoons of gun for hire - and swordplay, and a dollop of cgi. simmer for 100 minute. yields: cipher. the phantom is a depressing and threadbare recap of and then many earliest, safe movies that after the xv - minute mark i started cataloguing them kayoed loud. information technology ' s severe to make a good activity - escapade movie that doesn ' t simply reprocess information technology predecessors, and i ' ve seen movies that still at least did the recycling gracefully. the phantom, allegedly based on the long - feed comedian of the like epithet, doesn ' triiodothyronine yet bother to be graceful. information technology ' s a stupid and fumbling movie in too many ways to list, merely 1 ' ll try. the film spread out up with a " prelude " sequence that see like it be slashed to ribbon in the editing and then give a leaden voice - terminated to indemnify for whatever get thrown out. we go from there to a hobo camp sequence that, i swear to god, recycles the truck - chase scene from raiders of the lost ark note - for - note, possibly even shot - for - shot, right down to the moment where indy wrenched opened the door and slung one of the drivers out into the brush - - and then run short on to rip off the roofy - bridge scene from " sorcerer " as well! sorcerer, as you may well retrieve, be a remake of a french moving picture show, the wages of fear, in which a bunch of lowlifes were pay piles of money to drive a truck dilute with nitro through with frightful jungle terrain. both edition of that movie were far more interesting than this flick, simply i ' ve begin my job to do, so back to the saltiness mines we go. anyway, the cinematic thievery doesn ' t occlusion there. or at least the lack of inspiration. at that place isn ' metric ton a single matter hither we haven ' t ensure, and it ' s not given to us in a way that remotely evoke our interest group. we have (where ' s my leaning? ) a sorry girl, a tough expert girl, a surreptitious cave retreat (which seems inspired more than by dr. no than anything else ), a boardroom coming together that drips with avarice and venality, charming artifacts of horrific power, and cary - hiroyuki tagawa wasted in another stupid role where he gets to break a fu manchu mustache and sneer a lot and generally abase himself. what else represent there? the patch is a waste of time. the solidifying alternate between swelled but hokey - - and tiny and nonetheless hokey. there are lines in the hand that be just beg to be mst3ked - - and i ' m sure once microphone and the ' bots get the cash, they ' ll stick information technology on their sked. the only matter in the movie worth note is billy zane - - he ' s a good actor, and he tries very tough, still when the script constitute sending him down pat one dead alley of a scene after another. all one can suppose is that ane pray this international relations and security network ' t the source of the closing for him - - although it sure looks same the concluding nail in the coffin for the comic - book super - hero movie. 