phew, what a mess! for his fifth collaboration with director rich - ard donner (lethal weapon ane - iii, rebel ), mel c. d. gibson play a motormouth, maybe mentally ill new york city cabbie, jerry, whose wild confederacy theories are all but ignored by alice (julia roberts, acting all sober ), the judge department employee that he has a crush on. she non concerned, but another someone is: a cia head shrinker (patrick stewart) who readily kidnaps him. is single of jerry ' s conjectures correct? * is * the metal slip in the new $ 100 bill being used to dog your effort? is oliver rock still animated, because he cut a deal with st. george bush to disseminate * dis * entropy? is this picture real astir * any * of the crazed cabbie ' s theories? no, no, and no. as information technology turns knocked out, there ' s some early nonsense going on here, involve and revolving about krauthead ' s ground. ( hint: pay care to an early scene where jerry blacks out and flashes back, in ready succession, to images of an interrogative sentence room, subcutaneous needles, and ms. roberts herself. ) the * initial * assumption be pretty good and is played, for a while, at a delightfully dizzying clip. mel make up wide - open that we ' ve ever examine him and, if his character ' s relationship with robert ' initially strains believability, their combined virtuoso power be blissfully intoxicant. ( the high pitched electrical power of the summer, perhaps? ) even when the plot contrivance lead off to intrude, the two remain a horny dandy screen brace. in that location ' s a great scene in kraut ' s fort, er, flat, with alice trying to dissemble insouciant as her overactive legion tries to remember the combination to a locked coffee bean container. ( which atomic number 2 storehouse in another locked con - tainer, his electric refrigerator. ) other screaming moments, of which there are many, admit a trio of memorable normal - breakers, where alice ditch a tail, krauthead cold - cocks someone, and, later, eludes a infantry pursuit, each in a hilariously unexpected fashion. ( that ' s donner ' s have ladyhawke playing in the field, btw. ) let ' s see, other delight include. .. a brilliant title succession, a jazzy account from carter burwell, and the worth - paying - to - see sight of richard john roberts pumping lead into unitary bad hombre and slamming another ' s head into a bulwark. oh, pretty woman! fix to the latter, however, requires slogging through an increasingly overburdened and ultimately unsympathetic report. the last minute of confederacy theory devolves from tolerable to torturous to near unwatchable. more stuff happens of the stunned shit motley than is worth mentioning here, except, perhaps, for a former sequence that has alice locating jerry in an derelict backstage of a mental hospital by hearing his vocalism carrying through the air ducts. and here i recollect it was wabbit season. proficient god, who rewrite these movies? and do they arrive in nondescript black vehicles? 