joe versus the volcano is real unmatched of the worse film made in really recent memory. the strangest thing is that you would think nothing would conk wrong with information technology. it birth a upstanding cast with tom hanks & meg ryan as the lead use. but you throne never judge a movie by information technology stamp. .. if there be one good thing about joe vs the volcano, information technology be that the plot be original. unluckily, it be also incredibly stupid. the movie begins with joe (tom hanks) going to work. this opening sequence is very dull and dull. information technology shows joe walking to his office. but on the style, he experience to wait in a farseeing crease passing by strange and slightly depressing scenery with obnoxious lighting. a sequence comparable this should take 2 minutes. here, information technology takes terminated 5. .. it is obvious that joe hates his task. at his office, i of his co - workers be meg ryan. queerly plenty, she plays 3 different roles in this movie!! joe leaves to go to a doctor of the church ' s appointment. his doctor inform him that he has a " brain swarm. " this signify that in a few months, he will go. so what do joe do? quit his job, of course!! when he go far home, joe sports meeting an old man name graynamore (lloyd bridge ). graynamore tells joe that in ordination to get some important mineral for his fellowship from an island, the native call for someone to give to their volcano to delight their fire god. by a startling coincidence, the boat slip to the island takes a few month. by the time he reaches the island, he leave nearly be dead from the " head swarm " in any event, so joe agrees. graynamore give joe a credit scorecard to grease one's palms everything he involve to go on this " outstanding adventure ". joe goes on a date with meg ryan, his co - prole. the day before the gravy boat trip, joe meet one of graynamore ' s daughter. she is as well, surprisal, meg ryan. except she looks more than hippyish. they both have dinner and the side by side solar day, joe gets driven over to his boat. the lady that sails the gravy holder is another one of graynamore ' s daughter. and, wonder of wonders, she is also played by meg ryan. as they navigate to the island, meg ryan william tell joe that the natives of the island have a craving for orange river soda. after some unintelligent sing scenes, they also infer that graynamore had his doctor cost the one that joe went to. and that the " brain swarm " thing was crap up!! they do plently of cheap special effects on the sauceboat voyage. joe goes fishing and catches a hammerhead shark. this is a chinchy gag that has be pulled murder many times. merely, to top information technology off, the shark is obviously rubber and simulated!! one nighttime there is a tempest. a cheap - see lightning deadbolt strikes the boat and everything is cast overboard. as luck would have it, joe and meg ryan manage to bump some of the luggage that joe brought to sail. by vestal luck, they get to the island. since the natives comparable orange soda, they wear soda tush as attire!! stupid or what? ;) before joe leaps in the vent, atomic number 2 gets feed. right before he jumps, million ryan pleads him non to. when joe decides to, she die in with him because " she fuck him ". directly this is where the movie should end. but, unfortunately, the " cheesy end " hemipteran come in. the vent blows the match out and into the sea where they land on joe ' s luggage. they float to another part of the island as they watch lava pour out of the volcano towards the villagers. i devote this movie a. come across information technology only if you ' re a movie lover that enjoys a bad pic every now and then or if you very like tom hanks operating theater one thousand thousand ryan. .. 