they should give stuck to the promise emblazon on the original movie ' s poster: " no subsequence. " scarey motion picture show 2 is nowhere near as funny as its forerunner, and it is non because the wayans brothers, shawn and marlon doing the writing and keenen ivory behind the camera, don ' t try. what defeat them is the genre they get chosen to burlesque. the beginning movie - an outrageous, low - brow, savage satire of teen slasher flicks such as screech and iodin know what you did concluding summer - deliver the goods because of its take - no - prisoners attitude toward a type of movie that was in vogue, familiar and pop. in scary movie 2, the filmmakers take on the haunted house - ghost story format which, if you attend at the grosses for such late lame offerings as the respective remakes of the haunting and business firm on haunted hill, did non draw audiences nor enter the cultural psyche as did the several teenage slasher series. shivery movie 2 manage initiate off promise with a grand spoof of the exorciser, featuring james wood in the max von sydow role and veronica cartwright satirize ellen burstyn. of course split pea plant soup is the punch line - an plethoric measure, which put up the hope that the rest of the movie volition be scarcely as tasteless and excessive. just this pre - credit sequence has nothing at all to do with the main action, which features the mould member from the original sign language up to expend a weekend at a creepy haunted mansion as part of a university class undertaking. some of the jokes are as scatological and unsavory as in the original, but they lack that take - no - prisoner seize with teeth that raised scary flick to the peak of burlesque. scary movie ii merely lurches from one lame burlesque to another, offering light spoofs of that nike shoe advertizing in which everyone does acrobatics with a basketball, and the films what dwell beneath and hannibal (features that only faired adequately at the box office ), john woo ' s mission: impossible 2 and charlie ' s angels. it constitute as if the wayans and their team of writer - at least 7 are credited - only threw ideas in a liquidizer and hoped they ' d coalesce. they don ' tonne. while the pace of the original left hand you breathless, the sequel moves with the speeding of an xviii - wheeler carrying two oodles of concrete up a steep mountain road. you can almost hear the spool gasp. scarey motion picture show 2 tries very hard to hold up up to its original, but it falls very short. information technology ' s a dissatisfying spectacle, a rattling weak sister of a really adept movie. the really scarey view of this continuation be how disappointing it really is. 