brian de palma ' s snake center stars nicolas cage ' s iniquity gemini, who confusingly uses the same microscope stage name as his talented brother. same a foreign tourer who screams his lines in english to ensure that he testament personify understood, cage yells with the furiousness of a man with a defective case of caffein overload. de palma, whose final capital film, the untouchables, equal craft over a decade ago seems to have lost his magic. in snake middle, he manages to elicit some of the spoiled performances possible out of a skilled roll. merely gary sinise uprise slightly above the hackneyed material. the rest of the doer become impersonation in this by - the - numbers pool thriller. ryuichi sakamoto ' s atmospheric and melodramatic music dominates near every scene. heavy on the retentive violin notes, its rhythm equal punctuated by scag. ( the handwriting by first state palma and lost domain ' s david koepp sets the action during a hurricane in an attempt to pump upwardly the adrenaline level and the noise. simply the latter is achieve. ) cage plays rick santoro, a corrupt atlantic city cop who shakes down outlaw to draw wager money. the movie takes place over a single evening when a domain championship combat is be have got. with a loud, bad wardrobe and a gold cell phone, hayrick be an objectionable cop who doesn ' thyroxin get laid when to shut up. spouting cliched and ridiculous dialog, atomic number 2 screams such lines as, " ace exist relieve oneself for the sewer, child! " in reality the line is more apropos for the flick as a unit. sinise plays kevin dunne, a naval officer world health organization is in charge of the security for the secretary of the navy, who have come to look on the competitiveness. but most people in the film are not world health organization they look to be, and the fragile script make all of them easy to guess. the plot of land, which is tell in endless flashback, concerns the assassination of the secretary through a scheme set improving by some malevolent man of affairs? that adjective is, of course, redundant in hollywood thriller. the flashbacks become repetitious with the like fit shown again and again, sometimes from a different perspective and sometimes not. although a brian de palma moving picture requires a certain sum of money of gratuitous violence, this one and only be signally tame for the man world health organization become renowned when he made carrie. the movie ' southward outline has some promise, just the movie itself comprise plodding. the film take itself all as well seriously. at good, it be a 1940s - style atomic number 5 movie. a little humor would feature help the script some, but a unadulterated revision would get been better. and, although i detest to say information technology, a unlike director would have been the biggest betterment. snake eye runs one: 39. it be rated r for violence and would follow acceptable for teenagers. 