if you ' re go to make a 2 - hour hollywood in - joke, why gravel releasing it to the cosmopolitan public? if you ' re going to create a film that will invoke primarily to cock a hoop - gens actors and citizenry who know woody allen, then why waste the time of the rest of us drudge by playing it in dramaturgy? while watching renown, i realized that allen had simply bare stake in make a story about real people. what atomic number 2 really want to do be continue on his late kick of conceited self - deprecation. fame is yet another moving picture in which allen severalize a story about himself, living in a world that he ' siemens familiar with, dealing with people like the 1 he actually sleep with. allen recruited poor kenneth branagh to fluff through with this depiction, in an imitation of allen so perfect that information technology nearly made pine tree state like the film to a greater extent. branagh period of play lee simon, a journalist - turned - film writer who divorces his wife, robin (judy davis ), trail upward with some hot women (famke janssen, charlize theron, winona ryder ), and goes more or less trying to get big stars (melanie d. w. griffith, leonardo dicaprio) to read his script about an armored car robbery. the usual elements of recent allen films are all here, admit the intimate insecurity of the main character, lots of self - abominate women, and a tiring continuum of episodes that are simply loosely related to one another. unless you play in the celluloid industry operating room know woody allen personally, it ' s not likely that you ' ll find a whole mint of interest in celebrity. by from all the in - jokes, the chronicle fall far short of compelling, and the characters constitute all empty and lifeless. branagh proves once again that atomic number 2 ' s a superb performer, nail his caricature of allen stewart konigsberg flawlessly. the problem is that he ' s the like character allen always plays, a fibre world health organization ' s catch more than a little softened to observe. i mean, come on, how many times have you realise this guy? - - helium hat his work, and he seat ' t be satisfied by any peerless woman, and, at the end of the moving picture show, nothing has been solved. he brings all of his trouble upon himself (crash his car because he ' s receiving fellatio, and early such stunts ), so it ' s somewhat difficult to worry about him. in addition, isn ' t allen capable of creating role world health organization aren ' t just alike him? i know he is, but he didn ' metric ton do information technology in famous person. the vacant aroused adhesion with the main character represent not recaptured in the support performances. davis, toy the same cleaning woman with down in the mouth self - esteem that she played in deconstruct harry, have got a few touching moments, but ends upwardly the same worthless celebrity - eccentric that fills the repose of the movie. some of the actresses be saved because of their looker - - theron and ryder, especially - - just they ' atomic number 75 not likeable people. entirely famke janssen, as a book editor interested in simon ' s young novel, induce any life. the men in the picture don ' t do much better - - joe mantegna follow jolly dull as the man world health organization remarry robin, while dicaprio, as a christian slater / reb depp - type spoiled unseasoned role player, is risible but disengage. what ' s real insulting about renown is how muted and standard information technology " themes " are. allen seems to think that helium ' s making an insightful movie astir the way " normal " people search at celebrity. the main problem with this is that the character with whom we ' ray speculate to identify, simon, exist non a " normal " cat - - he ' s just as entrenched in the hollywood image as the rest of the characters. the other problem is that the image we get of these fame is no to a greater extent enlightening than the view the media gives us - - none of them register as naturalistic, interesting character; they mostly just procedure as lot pieces for boring talks. in addition, allen settle atomic number 2 demand a scene in which the theme is express explicitly (robin, in this scene, says something like, " it ' s interesting to picture the way we all look at the people we celebrate! " ). celebrity is arguably allen ' s gravid misfire to date. it does have a few good picture - - theron ' s super - orgasmic model quality is kind of funny, and the last shot mightiness have live moving consume the rest of the film demonstrate us a character or 2. only celebrity be a failure at the core, unless allen ' s point was to make a self - soft movie about himself and his champion. if he want to ca ca his audience smell like they were on the outside of a big joke, and so he succeeded in that. atomic number 53, for peerless, father ' t enjoy feeling like an outsider. 