" deep rising " gives you that sinking feeling both literally and figuratively: not only does the movie take station on a cruise ship tardily being steep into the middle of the ocean by a squid - alike menace, but the unfolding story is artificial, silly and almost completely derivative of countless other (and, for the most part, better) film. while dumb demon moving picture show can at least be comme il faut guilty pleasures - - take, for example, the schlocky peck highs of last spring ' s " anaconda " - - " mysterious rising " has no tongue to pose in its cheek. tribe, we ' re merely a month into the new year, and already hither ' s a campaigner for one of information technology stinkiest discharge. most of the action takes place on the argonautica, a luxury liner in the middle of its maiden voyage (uh - oh - - if these people had image " titanic, " so perhaps they ' d have known to stay home) when information technology ' s attacked by a elephantine, tentacled sea creature. the only survivors are slinky jewel stealer trilian (famke janssen ), argonautica owner kwangchow (anthony heald) and a few former crew member. a moneymaking team, lead by resourceful captain john finnegan (treat williams ), board the argonautica looking for assistance after their own boat breaks refine nearby. just what their search of the ship uncovers be something blood - inebriate, athirst and not rattling helpful. the main trouble with " deep insurrection " is its overt impropriety; the movie makes absolutely no attempt to differentiate itself from most sci - fi / repugnance photographic film in late computer memory. the construct is " leviathan " meets " titanic, " with a sprint of " accelerate two " thrown in for ripe (or is that bad? ) bill. this monster be equal parts " xx, 000 leagues under the sea " and " the souvenir, " knows how to spread out door like the raptors from " jurassic park " and even gets to expel a half - digested victim (a neat effect, avowedly) a la the elephantine ophidian in " eunectes murinus. " some of the approach chronological succession be straight out of " jaws " and " alien. " a scene where the remaining survivors deliver to travel under pee to escape demise constitute right out of " alien resurrection. " in that location ' sec even a jet ski pursuit like " hard rain. " and the list go on. watching " deep rising " ' s plaster bandage battle the beast is a turbid chore in itself, because none of them bear well - build up characters, nor do they seem to design still the slightest sense of fear when facing their enemy. hiram williams is affable enough, simply his finnegan just isn ' t believable. an interesting supporting cast is thoroughly languish; pretty famke janssen, well known as " goldeneye " ' entropy slayer thighs, is trap in a forced romantic stake with williams, while kevin j. o ' connor, as finnegan ' s machinist, provides comic reliever with screechy frenzied shtick that gets old fast. djimon honsou, who received raves for his performance as a noble slave in dec ' s " amistad, " drink down up in a brief character. he need to outride away from the water. the movie ' s final dig be a groaner, as be the eleventh - hour puking of a subplot involve an on - ship fifth columnist. as if a cast deserving of their snack food - fate international relations and security network ' t speculative enough (when you cod the monster, you ' re really ask for it ), " deep rising " is a slow, stupid slog through a story without a individual shining pip. and since we all know that the higher the fatal accident rate is, the finisher we are to the end of the movie, take root for this overgrown calamari to swallow the whole ship isn ' t out of the dubiousness. 