" spiciness earth " be just one retentive promotional moving picture show for the british girl band the spice girls. sure thither ' s a hint of humor in on that point every once in a spell. actually, in that location ' s a couple of pretty good jabs at the spiciness miss. but overall, world health organization cares? not maine. if you assume ' t know by nowadays, the spicery girl sing songs of dearest and friendship and responsibility and girl power, yet dress same streetwalkers from a lower middle grade neighborhood. in " spiciness world " they ride around in their bragging tour bus, whining about having to do photo shoots and present interview. amazingly, all the talk they do astir keeping commitment and upholding responsibilities alone really applies to fun things, things they want to serve, not things they personify required to do to continue earning money. and they keep sing about " girlfriend power " when they should actually be talking about " cleavage power ". i mean value, if all information technology exact is girl top executive, then why are they entirely one thread away from bursting out of their skimpy outfits? the photographic film is pg, but truly with solely some real minor dialogue change and panorama extentions, you ' calciferol have yourself one raunchy adult film. by the way, there ' siemens something in the opening recognition which tell " based on an estimation by the spice little girl ". belly laugh, they got estimate credit! i certainly wish well that be a new trend in hollywood. .. giving credit for but get the thought " say young woman, let ' s throw a movie! " the supporting dramatis personae fares well. roger moore (the real james river bond) derisively plays the commonplace - spewing " master " of the spice missy, and darn information technology all, he ' s fun to watch. mark mckenney too is unspoilt as a screenwriter trying to slope motion picture ideas to the band ' atomic number 16 manager (richard e. grant ). one and only question though: george wendt? you ' d conceive that " spice existence " would envoke one of two reactions in multitude. if you care the spice girls, you ' ll alike them even more afterwards. and if you keister ' t stand them (comparable maine ), then " spicery world " will in truth make you sick. peculiarly, the audience unity saw the film with, about 50 12 year - old girls, sit around in silence for the entire moving picture show. well, not the 2 who sit forthwith behind me. they kept muttering " this is stupid " complete and over over again. maybe there is bob hope for humanity after all. [ pg ] 