the tagline for this picture is: " some mansion are just tolerate bad ". so i didn ' t have a bun in the oven too much from this. but iodin had maintain a little spark of ope as i entered the theatre. one think: liam neeson, cathrine zeta jones and jan de bont. i think, mabe it bequeath be fun? and in fact the first was rather intriguing. but by the final stage of information technology i thought: wherefore liam neeson and cathrine zeta jones, january de bont?. these great doer are basically helpless with this muddled mess that dare any rationality. here follow the story: in the monstrously over - decorated mansion known as mound house, visitors are tricked by an unknown doctor (liam neeson) into being numida meleagris pigs in a fright experiment under the guise of an insomnia investigating. among them follow a sophisticated bisexual (cathrine zeta casey jones ), a cynical dope (owen wilson) and a gentle and worked up madam (lily elizabeth taylor ). actually, the doc is research the " primeval fear reaction " and mean to plant disturbing ideas in his subject and watch! what happens. but he gets unexpected avail from the household itself. it grumble, hums and belches forth noteworthy lot. portal become veiny stained - glass orb. a fireplace guarded by stone leo gapes like a sinister mouth. filmy cherubic spirits engage shape nether sheets and billowy curtains. but the computerized spooketeria seldom feels literal, locate an emotional wall between audience and screen. the 2nd half of the film is basically astir the main heroine running back and forth river from the sinister lamp and evil furniture. is that exciting or what? the worst affair about information technology is that it didn ' t have to be bad. information technology ' second free base on a great record, ` ` the haunting of mound house, ' ' by shirley jackson. a 1963 adaptation of the record book live scary and intelligent. information technology play with the big fears of our sub conscience. " the blair beldam task ", that cost less than an quondam car, managed to appal and terrify the audiences from their senses. and with a $ 70 grind. budget, de bont and film writer david ego make hash out of a perfectly adorable piece of panic. delaware! bont has a style of filmmaking so out of pipeline with the material that it be, in itself, frightening. he follow the master of the extravagant special effect and the crowing visual epinephrine spate. but wherefore devote him a more serious material? in the end " frequent " volition only haunt its fledgeling studio (dreaming mould skg) and de bont ' siemens career as a director. yet it wouldn ' t be fair to tell that everything is speculative. the effects be truly telling and the house is superbly decorated - - beautiful, mysterious, sorcerous and spooky. but this is where the good thing finish. the medicine is blaring, the floors move, the ceiling morphing and the picture on the walls cry - - and all of this, every second, every moment of screen meter, be absolutely without life. it ' s nothing more than a particular effects - extravaganza; visually telling, merely intellectually vacuous thriller that simply doesn ' t engage. at first you do not sleep with what ' s hold up on. is this role of the experiment? be these hallucinations? projection of the subconscience? paranoia? but in the end it show up out that this be actually happen. the home is actually possessed. it is at that full stop when all your hope for a good entertainment disappears out of the window. for ever, i sat in prediction for a comme il faut climax and that ' s what ace acquire? single believe hichock once said that " it ' s! better to hold back for a climax, than to look one ". this may be true, and it power actually operate, only on that point is only one job - - jan de bont is non hichock and the thing that he shows are not scary, only stupid. they are impossible to ask seriously. any paralells that you might have get a line before, relate this picture to kubrick ' s " the shine ", are absolutely baseless. " beam " had class, flair, story, act, but most of all endowment and originality. " obsess " has only special effects and art direction to boasting of. and those elements alone are not plenty to wee it a near film. casting good actors for small, pale parts entirely attain thing worse. merely i guess that no matter what i surgery other critics pronounce or write, most of you will see this film in any case, yet if the tagline would say: " some films be but born dazed ". 