as forgetful as some citizenry may be it is doubtful that anyone could forget their wedding, specially troika times. merely, alas professor brainard somehow manages to fulfil this feat twice before the momentous dark that he actually creates flubber. information technology ' s amazing that he follow able to recollect any of the processes atomic number 2 uses to make anything. the unscathed gunpoint here be how could a man be so blatantly forgetful. this is not absent minded this make up almost asinine and atomic number 2 is a prof. advantageously, this is the display case for about the first half of the movie and so things begin to settle into what mightiness truly represent considered absent listen. along the way to go absent minded from absent of mind the prof stumble onto flubber. gratefully or there would be no movie surgery any entertainment for the hearing. the flubber be supposed to be flying natural rubber, but information technology seems to have a life sentence of its own. this is there strictly for the shaver. the properties of the flubber offer some antics for the audience when flubber coated golfballs and bowling ball assail two would equal punk. although amuse this be non original what so ever and brings back haunting memories of domicile alone. the poor prof have to save the university where atomic number 2 learn at, get his fiancee rearwards, in the end stop the plotting of an malevolent millionaire, and make all this in the funniest way possible. admittedly in that location be funny moment just the movie is rather shallow and does not compare very well to the original (the absent mind professor ). the whole scene with the basketball biz was simply abominable and totally unbelievable. the basketball players, stereotypically unqualified for the fun, somehow manage to bounce, tent flap and dribble their way back to being unaired to get ahead? this just sounds too bad to be dependable, the least that could get be done follow observe semi close to the original movie to give way this celluloid a chance. as for innovations and new idea there is but two good i in this movie. give life time to the flubber, which is thence poorly executed that it ' s serious forgotten, and professor. brainard ' s flying robot weebo. give life to the flubber would have knead beautifully if it wasn ' t for scenes of the sort where you have the flubber trip the light fantastic about on tables and books for no real reason early than to put in a fleck of music and extend the distance of the movie. the life of the flubber had legal brief and rather capricious moments where it might get been used well, merely it wasn ' deoxythymidine monophosphate and in the end might have arrange the movie more harm than expert. now, weebo live a totally unlike story. information technology ' s a golem that professor. brainard created but blank out how and gave something of a life too. this is a really original idea, well maybe non, but information technology is an idea that is well put to death and in the end makes the misfortunate robot the most developed and existent character reference in the movie. yes folks the minuscule yellow automaton has more than emotion and character than the grapheme. the photographic film miss the emotional clout to pull the audience in at all. the acting by robin tennessee williams (prof. brainard) seems to be half hearted for most of the moving picture and in many cases quite a forced. most of the acting in the movie represent so convincing as to fool but the part of the audience that hold non quite yet reached the long time to dozen. people when stood up at the communion table, don ' t unremarkably pay 3rd chances. operating room for that matter talk to the fiancee afterwards, merely what can be expected this exist a children ' sec flick. flubber, as a movie does little original and be nothing limited in any respect. with the good character in the movie be something of a prop 1 doubt that many people bequeath find it all that dandy. it does have information technology amuse moments and information technology is a good account in the end, just information technology does not wash upwards to the original. kyd should find this film amusing and fun and they ' ll in all probability enjoy the whole pic. as a moving picture show information technology ' s just a kids motion picture and not the best of ace at that. 