wesley snipe equal a schoolmaster of selecting bad action roles. murder at 1600, u. s. marshal, money train, drop geographical zone, boil tip, and the ultimate camp film - passenger fifty seven. the prowess of war is another entree in this rattling ugly and unique category. ultimately, it be little more than a ridiculous natural process film with a plot as believable as the warren study, ugly furiousness that would make stool peckinpah cringe, and terrible acting by b - tilt actors like michael biehn and anne archer. strangely, information technology feels like the unexplored sequel to another snipe " masterpiece, " rising sun. the movie revolves around the convenient story of a special un operative caught up in a secret murder cabal involving a chinese ambassador, the chinese triad brotherhood, a rich formosan man of affairs (played by? that big guy from rise sunshine, cary - hiroyuki tagawa) a chinese un interpreter, and, inexplicably, donald joan sutherland. the motion picture show ends with more confusion than a boatload of chinese immigrants trying to register at ellis island. or should i say the film end with the most blatant ripoff of both the intercellular substance and all of john the divine woo ' s hong kong films combined. single embody truly at a loss to enter out why john wesley snipes have the gumption to not only star in this action misfire but also act as one of the producers of the film. i usually love snipes ' movies - though his dramatic persona well show up off his creativity as an thespian than the flashiness of his activeness films. but, i am amazed by the how inane the script be, fill with tremendous banality and extremely violent action sequences. director christian duguay (scorcher) has a strange attraction to the ferociousness of violent acts - - usher splattering brainpower, people impaled with broken shards of glass, and lots of gargling and muzzle as blood sprays everyplace. it also sickens maine to have sex that joseph oliver gem, unity of the greatest directors working today, had his deal in producing this freak. i guess snipes sold stone on the conspiracy slant and edward durell stone pick out not to interpret the script, watch the dailies, be demand in casting, operating room anything else - - or else he ' d be file a court order to remove his gens from the credits. information technology ' second also seems evident that with the russkies as our newfangled bosom crony and the middle eastern terrorist angle being beaten to dying in the last couple of years that the new external enemies in hollywood embody the communistic chinese. i ' m sure all over the future couple of month, yet more " chinese conspiracy / martial - artistic creation action picture " are run low to be pop up in your local multiplex. hopefully they won ' t include wesley snipe. 