at time, you ' 500 think edtv would be an entertaining film. 1 mean, world health organization tush resist the story of your average joe becomming a celebrity by receive his life take every minute of every day? simply this average joe, ed perkuny, (matthew mcconaughay ), personify a wacky, exanimate creation that wanders around, hear to work out everyone ' s problems and decide his ain. mcconaughay equal direful, especially because he be trying to pull off his common hollywood charm with a 3 week byssus and torn jeans. frankly, he have to a greater extent charm in the devestating flop the newton boys. he overacts in every way: his overexaggerant body language, compulsion with snog women every indorsement he gets the chance, and that cliched fit where he loses person in his life, and drop curtain to his knee and cry. the eternal rest of the cast is very effective; especially martin landau (as male erecticle dysfunction ' s step - father ), world health organization play a cute function as the close - to - death old guy rope that makes all the witty comments. jenna elfman be good, (but a piddling overemotional ); her main trouble be that she keeps getting sucked into bad films, unity. east. can ' t hardly wait, and krippendorf ' s tribe. woody harrelson, as ed ' s blood brother beam of light, does his common testicle - headed role, with his comic wit every bit considerably (he wrote a al qur'an entitled, " my pal pissed on me. " ) elizabeth hurley is perfectly cast off as the easy slut, and dennis hopper, in a quick cameo as ed ' s biological father, is a nice choice (ironically come after the purpose he turned downhearted as christof in the truman appearance ). ellen degeneres stand out as the administrator world health organization, after awhile, decides the show must non go on much to the opposite of the head exec, rob reiner ' s opinion. i hate to compare this cinema to the truman show, just the fact is, one was ashamed to regard this film. it felt that i take in dropped from college to kindergarten after see truman and male erecticle dysfunction. edtv had no real wit or genius; it represent distinctive hollywood. extracting the tv part of the movie, you have the uncomplicated plotline: man steal brother ' s girlfriend, girlfriend leave town, man fix new slut girlfriend to feel like he can move on, trollop breaks up with him, real girlfriend number back, and voila, you give birth a romance language. i got hence restless during this picture show, i almost walked out. the solitary reason it doesn ' t drop below a " c " grad equal because of the o.k. support execution. ad2am " atomic number 53 about lost my nose. .. and i like information technology. unity like breathing through with it. " - jack nicholson, chinatown 