this movie represent written by the piece world health organization is deemed to be " one of the hot writers in hollywood ". helium write the groundbreaking screenplay for scream (octad / 10 ), and then added the successful i know what you did last summer (7. phoebe / tenner ) playscript to his mixture, and also created the popular tv series " dawson ' due south creek ". then when he require to take his 1st movie, establish on his first ever script written, everyone and their gran read " sure, go for information technology! ". uhhm, my question be. .. do anyone bother reading this stupefied script? ?? plot: ace student leigh ann james dewey watson is mistakenly caught with some jockey papers by the bitchiest teacher in the benjamin west, mr. tingle, and fix to turn a loss her learnedness to college. when she and her champion visit the teacher at home in order to explain their side of the story, they stop up tying her up, and slowly try to verbalize some sense into the hardheaded woman. review article: information technology ' s non so much that this is a bad movie, than the fact that information technology sucks. this film is chock - full of 1 - dimensional character, contains no factual humour that i was able to zone in on, nix tension oregon thrills, plot holes the size of it of my big ass, lame pop tunes played to mask nothing going on in the movie, and molly ringwald, vivica a. fox and lesley anne rabbit warren tossed away in throwaway roles. i was primed for this film as information technology interesting premise have pine tree state thinking misery (8 / x) and 9 to 5, but unluckily for williamson, he go nowhere with the bright foundation, construct references to the exorcist and dr. zhivago, which i doubt many in his target market will apprize. helium also forgot about suspense, with all of his characters ground on incomprehensible decisions, unbelievable motivations and plainly boring us with all of their trite duologue. sure, katie holmes is cunning, and her co - star, marisa coughlan, did a reasonably amusing printing of the exorcist (worth two points out of my three on ten ), but how can we forgive the big one - dimensional character in any film, holmes ' rival in the film, mrs. tingle ' s ended unprofessionalism being let go by all others around her (are teachers allowed to behave that way today?) and a transparent romance between holmes and some long - haired fashion plate, hired to be the poor man ' s version of skeet ulrich (who himself is a pitiable man ' s version of johnny depp! ). all in all, this motion picture show was preposterous for me, provided me with no insight into anything, demonstrated williamson ' s true lack of directorial skills alongside a juvenile script, and provided helen of troy mirren with a bang up role to chew into, unfortunately forgetting to give her character any believability, man or capacity to comprehend. no pelvic girdle lines, no tatty thrills, scarcely a dull time at the pic theater. if you want to ensure a funny teenage movie, rifle see detroit rock city (8 / decade ), and thank my drunken, no account backside in the morning. little known facts about this moving picture show and it ace: kevin williamson ' s padre was a fisherman. kevin used his knowledge of fishing hooks and winches when create the killer in one sleep with what you did last place summer (7. 5 / x ). he is besides a vast fan of steven spielberg and coincidentally, so is dawson leery on telly ' s " dawson ' s brook ", a appearance kevin created. he was once an aspiring player. in fact, he even landed a bit division on tv ' s " another reality ". besides, williamson has gone on phonograph recording to say that an unsupportive english instructor who once told him that he would never amount to anything was the inspiration for mrs. tingle, which is also loosely based on the book " killing mr.. griffin " by the writer of i fuck what you did last summertime (7. 5 / 10 ), lois duncan. he has also come come out of the closet and tell that he be a gay man. helen mirren was hold in london, england nether the name ilynea lydia mironoff. she is married to director taylor hackford, whose work admit devil ' sec advocate (8 / 10) and an police officer and a gentleman (eight. cinque / tenner ). this film was originally style defeat mrs. tingle, but was changed after the aquilegia high pitched schooltime shooting incident. actress marisa coughlan will asterisk in kevin williamson next tv project called " waste ". this be actor barry watson first off full feature moving picture show. helium deliver played the case of " seth " on tv ' s " malibu shore " various times. 