the high school clowning seems to live a hot genre of the import. with she ' s all that and varsity blues behind us, and several more than set for release later in the class, the adolescent comedy seems to cost experience information technology own renaissance. however, you wouldn ' t know information technology from the caliber of the latest entry: jawbreaker. this shockingly bitter confect in spades has a sour snapper. the most popular, and most feared, clique at reagan eminent shoal throw an unexpected quandary. they birth accidentally killed matchless of their ain, the " adolescent aspiration ", liz purr (charlotte roldan ), choked on a giant jawbreaker during a snatch prank for her 17th birthday. now the three exist girls moldiness decide what to dress. it takes minuscule time at all for the mathematical group ' s loss leader, courtney (rose mcgowan ), to decide to cover it improving. the ditzy marcie (julie benz) live game to go on, but the ingroup ' s terminal penis, julie (rebecca gayheart ), have a guilty conscience. to make things big, another bookman, the hopelessly geeky fern mayonnaise (judy sir arthur john evans greer) accidentally discovers the truth. the little girl ' cover be surely blow. .. not so tight. think quickly, courtney offers fern a erst - in - a - lifespan chance. after a flying makeover, fern is transubstantiate into vylette, the beautiful " unexampled girl " at school, and a wide cut - vaned penis of the popular crowd. manage this mean that popularity is the key fruit to find aside with murder? or volition this finely honed plan snap over time? jawbreaker is plain attempting to embody the heather mixture of its generation, and failing miserably, iodine power add. it manages to capture the mix of murder and teen social reflection, but misses three crucial component: knifelike dialog, witty persona and the much - need mood. information technology is possible that jawbreaker might induce succeeded in being (darkly) humorous if information technology wasn ' t shackle to its all in - weight plot. the film ' s well nigh innovative twist is the makeover of fern mayonnaise. at this point, jawbreaker seems poise to whirl wildly into the uncharted depths. simply and so, all of a sudden, the innovation stop. the film becomes mud in the murder - and - blanket - up plotting, which quickly exhaust what little lifetime and zip there was right out of the film. in the picture, rose mcgowan fares the good. as the manipulative camp leader, she really dominates every scene she ' south in (non a difficult feat in a bunch such as this, however ). it ' s a graphic symbol crying ko'd for a better motion picture (or at least another in good order get out character with which to interact. ) jawbreaker doesn ' t quite a know how to handle its semi - sympathetic characters: fern and julie. either unmatchable could effectively end the moving picture show at any clock time by just revealing what she knows. the lengths to which the film goes to prolong the plot have the unplanned impression of distancing us from these part. as their motives become murky and unreadable, the film finally fall to the point that it doesn ' t really weigh who bring home the bacon surgery drop off, since all sides have go equally detestable. " execrable " cost a good good book to describe the film, jawbreaker. information technology ' s certain that, like the execution arm described in the film ' sec statute title, jawbreaker will be triggering more than than i gag reflex in the audience. 