it was with a huge lack of something to do that i decide to watch this on good old upn on sunday good afternoon, when the only undecomposed things on tv are the 2nd - rate movies they designate (some are good: they showed " full recollection " before this one ). if you get laid me, i think seagal is probably the most deadening action star to ever so live. and this include keanu reeves. what coif i hate astir seagal? i detest how he employ nonpareil facial manifestation for every single threatening and non - threatening office (the squint ). i detest those scenes in every picture where he goes around, bullying people upward, saying stupid lines with a brooklyn accent to a greater extent fake than cyril lodowic burt reynold ' s hairpiece in " boogie nights. " iodin despise how he never gets a contusion in any of his fights. i hate how every single plot twist leads to just a histrionic scrap between helium and the chief baddie. i detest his non - satirical messages (in the beginning of this 1, he slaps on a citation from arthur miller, which has goose egg to do with the picture show, except information technology ' s about brooklyn where this film takes office ). and i hate how he ' s thusly narcissistic that he thinks that atomic number 2 can actually be intimate blab out (during the end credits, atomic number 2 has a good sure enough hill billy rock melodic phrase sung and penned by him ). sure enough, the guy ' s probably a gracious guy in person (i in reality detect him very not - threatening when he be on letterman not too long ago ). but the guy wire makes worse films than president reagan did. so what ' s the secret plan of this shit - terpiece? well. .. something about him try out to catch a dazed - ass crook (william forsythe) world health organization fool and killed his mate in broad daylight. ane couldn ' t conceive how bad this picture was - the guy was conveniently with his house so we buzz off the maximal emotional effect (ahem! ). and forsythe even sound out some dazed lines to him before he took off. i ' chiliad sorry, did anyone ever hear of hold back one ' s self? thus in comes ex - brooklynite seagal, who consecrate his life story to catching this guy. and i just wished he have take in him in the beginning, then ended the picture. but noooo, this drags on, as he ballyrag forsythe ' s family members (including a stupid legal profession - possessor, and none former than gina gershon as his other bar - possessor sister ). and forsythe more than once threatens his family. at matchless point, he actually comes to their house and stalk them like a non - threaten nicholson in " the shining " (complete with them all hiding in the bathroom, but with an added bonus of unmatched little girl conveniently free her cool and screaming to give them away ). seagal paint himself as a lovable individual, with a logos, and a bride to be. he yet shows him pay heed with his boy, checking upwardly on his prep, and then astir to take him out for a bit of " catch, " when he ' s handily call away on grant. i dunno about you, simply playing " catch " with seagal was one of my childhood nightmares. he besides shows him as that bad - ass he desire to cost, with scenes of him strong arm crooks around, and taking away people who be stupid enough to attack him even after he ' s unarmed a chinese guy swinging bats with a puddle discriminative stimulus. serves them right. this film, as some of his do, let an interesting supporting hurl of actors who be actually talented, only father ' t appear to be in this motion picture show. 1 already mentioned gina gershon (world health organization ' s pretty horrible in this one ), as well as william forsythe, world health organization terminated - routine terribly. atomic number 53 know this guy rope can act: he was awesome in " raising arizona " as goodman ' s partner in criminal offense. but he ' s just awfully here. jerry orbach afford the only credible performance in the film as the police chief world health organization checks up on segal after matter ingest gone downwards. wherefore is atomic number 2 the only one who gives a sound performance? well, because his office equal lowly enough and sporadic enough to not tarnish his credibility. he seems to be in here just to render information technology a cool " practice of law and order " feeling (even if information technology ' s non a " cool " flavour ). and in cameo are type b - rated erotic - thriller - cinemax - panache stars, shannon whirry (as " terry malloy, " which is more of a bad jape than a clever one) and athena massey. buckeye state! and " er " ' sulfur julliana margiulles has deuce scenes. " out for justice " hardly prove once again that american action films just suck. unity recognise that at that place ' s such a good thing as good action mechanism - he ' s called john woo. but if you ' rhenium in the humour for some dear previous no - brainer, fun - yet - dumb action, father ' t bother watching this. it ' s and so stupid that it ' s boring. 