this embody an adaptation of hydrogen. thou. wells ' acclaimed novel ' the unseeable man '. the actor are kevin beacon light and elizabeth shue. the director constitute paul verhoven. that, plus a spry presentation of the awesome special effects in the trailer, should live enough to entice us into the theatre. the problem is to restrain u there. i keister ' t imagine anyone who would like to see this movie a 2d time. work on a top secret military task, sebastian caine (kevin beacon) - - an eccentric genius, that calls himself " god ", has chance on the undercover to invisibleness. the first two present make up completed. now, information technology is time for " the adjacent coherent step " - - human. caine volunteers for this risky experimentation. but when atomic number 2 is made invisible, something go wrong. while his passe - girl linda (elisabeth shue) desperately attempt to find something to return him to normal, he learns that invisibleness is more of a prison house than a superpower. but that ' s non the uncollectible affair - - an unexpected position - burden of the drug sends him careening into paranoid megalomania. he is naturally give a couple of modest superpowers, barely enough for him to survive immolation from a fire thrower and an explosion of astir a dry quart of nitrospan. before long every sense of decency is forgotten. the piddling word that was left disappears as verhoven looses control and the moving picture show turns into an foreign - rip - off, where caine is walk similar a one half finished terminator, spooking, scaring and killing everybody. though information technology ' s base on a novel called ' the invisible man ', the title give been ironically changed to ' hollow homo ' that sums up the plastic film real nicely. this is a real silly output. laughable, in reality. apparently verhoven ' s imagination doesn ' t reaching also far. for him the only when worthwhile reason to get invisible is so you stern vitrine the girls ' locker room undetected. information technology is this primitive schoolboy mentality that eventually kills the pic. being inconspicuous, gives you the chance to comprise who you constitute, to do what you want without be influenced by society. in many ways it gives you an head game of having a life without consequences. the nature of man and his space in society is what the novel be truly near. all that, the profundity and true horror of the book is exit and only if special effects make you stay in your seat. caine coiffe use his power voyeuristically in empty man. but since this personify a modernization, in other words a dehumanisation, helium doesn ' t diaphragm in that respect. he become a rapist. and and so, of course, a murderer. you ' ll start wondering why such thespian as pharos and shue found themselves in such movie in the first place. shue ' s talent is barely seen, josh brolin is underused and the rest of the cast suffer by and large for the lack of talent. kevin beacon fire is the only unity that performs graciously. his face is not see for the most share of the cinema, and the only means he exists is as a disembodied vocalism. there are times when his presence actually save the moving picture from being completely embarrassing. in the end the effect are the only ground to assure this film in the first position. be credibly the best proficient achievement since " jurassic parkland ", they be absolutely amazing. we observe the layer of skin, muscle, tissue paper, and osseous tissue make up peeled away as a eubstance is slow rendered invisible. we see a beating core, inflate lung, and veins pulse with newly - pumped blood. on that point are a couple of inventive shots with smoke, fire, melodic line and water system, but be a few scenes like that worth assist a movie for? what is really disturbing live that with a great book, talented actors and a elevated budget, this could have been indeed a lot to a greater extent. jolly much like january diamond state bont (" twister ", " haunting " ), paul verhoven deliver never made anything extraordinary. atomic number 2 was responsible for for several good flick (" canonical instinct " and " starship troopers) " and some incredibly spoiled flick (" showgirls ", " total reminiscence " ), just he has never earn anything that was great. in a style " hollow man " fit perfectly in this collection. it ' s non better or worse than verhoven ' s average film. atomic number 2 proves once once again that he is incapable of handling more than complex issues. and so, instead of deepness and chills, verhoven insert some of his trademarks: stupefied dialogue, and quite a little ' s of dull action with blood and naked body. he even throws in some of the worst of film clich? s - the tardily advancing fireball, the villain who come backward from the dead, etc, etc. - and tops the whole thing turned with one of the most ridiculous endings of the year (you ' ll be holler " nooooo! " and attempt to run towards the going in slow apparent movement ). and all we tin ask is wherefore? the answer is dim witted. though hollywood cost a motion picture producing machine, the business of moviemaking have to be about something more than than money. it has to be about recite stories, not marketing them. information technology have to be astir transporting us to a different place, to dazzle us with thaumaturgy and cleverness. to make us deal, to make u think and feel. verhoven has obviously lose that point and this film is a test copy of that. it ' s all flesh and bones, simply no soul. a void where its resource should be. 