michael crichton induce had a retentive life history of writing novel, many of which are science fiction. the most profitable film adaptation of any novel was an adaptation of a michael crichton scientific discipline fiction novel. so in the logic of the film diligence a effective style to make a profitable film would be to urinate a vainglorious - budget adaptation of another the admirable crichton skill fiction novel. congo fail, and i am afraid that empyrean be probably not go to fare a unanimous lot better. information technology a little better than exactly okay novel and it make a motion picture that is non still that good. the film is expensive, over one hundred million dollars; is long, 133 minutes; has a terrific cast, including dustin malvina hoffman, samuel 50. jesse jackson, and sharon rock; just has niggling that be really original and less that is exciting. several years ago dr. norman goodman (played by dustin hoffman) was asked to write up a stage set of procedure for the government to follow if an alien entity be actually run into. the plan he wrote be only if semi - grievous, only cause explicitly define a team of experts world health organization should investigate the alien. now that squad take been assembled by a mystifying team leader named barnes (peter coyote) to study a spacecraft almost a one half mile in length that ostensibly discharge into the pacific ocean in the early 1700s. all of a sudden norman ' s less than serious procedure get become an action plan for dealing with a veridical stranger space vehicle. included in the team to investigate be mathematician harry adams (samuel litre. glenda jackson ), biologist beth halperin (sharon pit ), and astrophysicist ted fielding (liev schreiber ). in concert they move around to the deep pacific ocean spaceship to understand its secrets. one major secret is the meaning of the immense welkin of amber - modulate liquid metal at the nub of this starship. what is disappointing astir this pic is that it does not have very effective performances. theatre director barry levinson embody at his good with good actors rather than good special effects. the job hither is he is making a large - budget skill fiction film. information technology has some effects, but the near challenging effect he render only as an scheme on a radar screen. the technique exist to suggest rather than to show and permit the thespian and the viewer ' s mental imagery carry the film as robert wise do with the haunting. that could be a sane approach in a low - budget flick. but that requires create much more atmosphere than levinson can carry off to muster. it requires the worker to generate genuinely compelling performances and simply put, they don ' t. hoffman ' s play seems muted. jackson seems to set back. we do non experience for these characters and do non get inner their heads. levinson pay big bucks for his actors and does not really get terms performance. and wherefore we have queen latifah as a pocket sized functionary on the despatch is anybody ' s guess. a cast of unknowns could have deliver as much emotional impact at a fraction of the toll. look how much more powerful a film same extraterrestrial be with only moderate actors. most science fable spectaculars these twenty four hours consume 2nd - tier actors and first - tier special effects. levinson endeavour second - tier effects, and first - tier role player, only ne'er fix that exchange pay cancelled for the viewer. perhaps sci - fi spectaculars are just non an actor ' s metier. the event get a 4 on the 0 to 10 scale and zero on the - 4 to + quatern scale. 