this film embody worth seeing for those who require to see what mick jagger looks like when sporting an abe lincoln beard. the rock and roller is postulate to carry the picture as the action antihero of australian legend. .. ned kelly, the thusly - called erithacus rubecola hood of the aussies. but he fails to make up convincing, in my opinion helium is advantageously suited to play gene kelly than ned kelly. the film open to a b / west prologue of ned kelly bravely going to his execution. and so it goes to technicolor and ned is seen in what blend for flashback, coming dwelling house from pokey after a 3 - year sentence to see his mom and reacquaint himself with the large kelly family. this scene be set in 1871. in the desktop we get a line the stentorian voice of waylon jennings, as atomic number 2 sings shel silverstein ' s lyrics, which tells - - of ned ' s hatred for the british formula and hope for ireland to be a democracy. ned says a debt must personify compensate. .. as he hears voice from his dead father, his class - divided country, and his conscience, all telling him to experience retaliation. so begins ned ' s romp through australia ' sulfur outback, seeking judge for all the wrongs his the great unwashed have suffered. he begins by steal horses, after complaining astir the unfair revenue enhancement constabulary on equus caballus that stray, which favors the rich landowners. when he ' s only twenty helium forms a gang, causing him to hide the rest of his lifetime from the police force, who put a price on his headspring of two thousand pound. when ned ' s female parent (clarissa kaye) be immure on a false charge of abetting criminals and sentenced to 3 - 5 year, ned offers to deliver in exchange for his mother ' atomic number 16 exemption. when the authority reject, the grace kelly brother hold out on a robbing rampage, burn up mortgage of the pitiable found in postal vaults and murdering some soldiers. rampaging through with the outback, they gather sympathy among the poor and low socio economic class, who don ' t trust the traps (police ). looter to follow in the next paragraph. in the coming, kelly and his gang plan to ambush a train with british police, simply someone kelly trust tips the law on the train and kelly is trapped in a pothouse and captured. ned ' s brothers commit suicide quite than be taken alert. simply kelly ' s gang escape, as ned heroically has the police plump after only him and his brothers, as they become decoys. this was a flat presentation, just tint an aroused button on what entirely the stir was about over ned kelly ' south call for justice department. jagger didn ' tetraiodothyronine have a prayer in win in this juiceless script offered by ian john paul jones and tony richardson. the story failed to focus on australia, seemingly a to a greater extent british film than australian. nether richardson ' s lackluster focussing, all jagger seemed to answer, was predicate his innocence and vow revenge, which soon became a shrill call. if you want to see a better film about ned kelly, catch " mad frump sir henry morgan " (76 ), a much truer and more than daring interlingual rendition, with dennis hopper giving a much better characterization of ned kelly ' southward madness, something this film could only do in a ho - hum manner. 