the crown gem of 1970 ' s irwin allen disaster movies, the poseidon adventure features an all - star mould include cistron hackman and ernest borgnine spouting some of the to the highest degree risible dramatic dialogue in picture show history while trapped on a cruise ship. the news report start on the u. s. entropy. poseidon ' s big new year ' s sail, where we are introduced to the ensemble of the great unwashed who leave soon be the lonesome passengers allow for active. lashkar e tayyiba ' s see, at that place ' s the modern years preacher (hackman) who notify people to " pray to that part of god within yourself. " there ' s the ex - cop (borgnine) world health organization busted a hooker (stella stevens) 6 times - - so wed her. there ' s the hippie singer (" there ' entropy buzz off to be a morning after. .. ") world health organization turn over to the company of a lonely humans (red button) at one time her brother be killed. and to round out the group: the elderly yoke (jack albertson and mary godwin wollstonecraft shelley wintertime) who exist aboard the ship, the beautiful teenage girl and her brother who are sweep alone and adventurous scotsman roddy mcdowall. we beat to know these citizenry a little too advantageously in the first thirty minutes of the poseidon adventure, before straight - face up ship captain leslie nielson count in horror at the giant tidal undulation head right for the ship. everyone ' s in the giant dance palace at the time, short past midnight of the new class, when the ship turn first on its face, then completely upside downwardly. the 2d - in - control wants everyone to hold off in the ballroom until help arrives, only rebel hackman lead his small band of followers on a quest to the top of the ship. in this compositor's case, because the ship is overrule, the top be the arse. operating theatre be the bottom the top? either way, we get to experience a lot of backside because the two beautiful women in the work party be both conveniently wearing hot pants during the scenes where the tv camera shoot upwards while they climb improving ravel and - - in the dance hall scene - - christmas trees. thus begins an hr surgery more of hushed trips refine long corridor, done burning rooms, etc. while the ship slowly fills with piss behind them. it ' s a race against the clock which is only if mildly interesting. the poseidon adventure works more as a bad motion picture to laugh at, with all the melodrama that come in - between the non - thrilling action scenes. the one note in borgnine ' s one - note performance is to be a cranky old man that argues with hackman every step of the way while buttons and the flower child fall in love (although since at that place isn ' t a sex scene, we never find out if his buttons really are red) and albertson and winters enquire if they ' ll live to see their grandson ' s birth. shelley winters provides the most hilarious scene in the pic in a scene toward the end, where water has flooded the next two rooms of the ship and hackman is preparing to dive under with a roofy for the rest of them to rip on. winters, who make been the whiny fatty tissue woman throughout the movie (stevens yet non - so - dearly calls her " fatass " in one scene ), eventually find her aim. " i was the underwater swimming champ of new york three years turn tail when i live seventeen, " she brags, and before hackman send away even ask her how she could be xvii for three years, she ' s swimming through the water, her skirt billowing up around her hips, evince sour her cellulite (or serve you call information technology shellulite? ) ridden thigh. it ' s not so much good story as innately sicken, which jolly much sums up the poseidon adventure as a whole. 