outline: cro - magnon ayla loses her female parent to an earthquake and get away certain death by a lion. reluctantly rescued by a neanderthal clan who like to suffer sex doggy - mode, ayla grows upward to become a blond, feminist supermodel who challenges the neanderthal patriarchy by throwing rocks and give birth without a mate. comments: countenance me to state for the criminal record that one find daryl hannah an appeal presence in movies. she proved quite catch as the reasoning astronomer in the romantic comedy roxanne and equally creepy as pris in the sci - fi classic blade runner. the clan of the cave bear clearly try to capitalize on hannah as a selling full point: the poster art expect a striking closeup of hannah in tribal paint and the video boxful conspicuously features her name in lettering the same size of it as the title. not even her asterisk role in this turkey, unfortunately, can save it from make up an incredible drill in cheeseflower. information technology ' s and so unambiguously bad (a flick dealing with prehistoric man that actually tries, and miserably fails, to make up grave) that it ' s peculiarly fascinating. the laughable attempt at drama hither leave the audience somehow transfixed, want to meet how this dud plays out. the clan of the cave bear comprise base upon a popular novel by jean m. auel. to this twenty four hour period, the bible possesses a loyal cult accompany. i call up a dear friend of mine had a hound - dog eared copy of the novel she had read as a child with all the so - called dirty parts blacked proscribed with mark by her gran. i have never read this koran, but one sure hope information technology ' s 10, 000 times undecomposed than its film adaption. if not, and so iodin ' yard at a complete loss to excuse its popularity. the clan of the cave bear immediately opens with a comically absurd setting. a young ayla, looking much like john drew maurice barrymore in e. t., tramps about in the woods. with her cute minuscule ponytails and pelt wrap astir her, the audience ' s expectations of a convincing portrayal of prehistory personify immediately shattered. what follows be a laughably choreographed sequence in which an seism swallows up ayla ' s female parent (a blonde with fur drawers. .. er, leg covering ). dolourous ayla looks on as the camera operator shake off the tv camera. .. well, as the earthquake slowly recedes. a thirsty lion becomes interested in her for luncheon, but the shrieking sixer - class - old manages to outrun the male monarch of the wild and find a safe seaport. i get ahead ' t detail the history any far; this appear enough to illustrate my point. this movie be really stupid. it ne'er still gives the audience a chance to set aside their disbelief. too, the obvious comparison between the appearance of oscilloscope - magnon man in prehistory and the raise of women's liberation movement in our century is about every bit subtle as burning a wonderbra in front of charlton heston. the flick doesn ' deoxythymidine monophosphate exactly suggest this message; information technology whacks the message into the hearing with a deuce - by - little joe. a blond, gorgeous woman challenges the societal laws of a bunch of people in cheap brown wigs. she ' s of the " modern people "; they ' rhenium of the " former multitude " with " the memories. " yep. we suffer it. we get it. the clan of the cave bear apparently received an academy award nomination for best shuffling - up, which surprise me. the movie bet upon a lot of make - up apparently, but a lot of it is unconvincing. as stated before, daryl hannah is daryl hannah here; she look like she just step tabu of the shower all the time. the respite of the character have dark make - up of some form blur over them to look like dirt. the expression - painting that ' mho occasionally see is perchance the only notable workplace here in my mind. this motion picture show also suffers from its novel age trappings. mayhap the music sound a lot more saucy or original during 1985, but instantly it fathom dated and cliched, same poorly conceived elevator euphony. supply to this the film ' s faux - mysticism, including spirit animals and dream imagination, and a narrator who go like a psychic you ' calciferol bear to hear on a 1 - 900 telephone number, and you get a moving picture that has sober problems exist serious. the kindred of the cave bear is rated r, though it ' siemens in all probability one of the most euphemistic offensive films i ' ve regard in rather a while. it contains respective scenes of sex sans nudity. the force mostly consists of hunting scenes. the queer import of the movie occurs when a neanderthal in love with ayla attempts to rescue her from a ferocious bear. the bear bite his head turned and the audience ascertain it rolling about. although this whitethorn sound gratuitous, i ' chiliad sure, it ' s therefore crummy that it in all probability bring home the bacon ' t disoblige most people. the clan of the cave bear embody a regretful pic. withal, as i wrote at the commencement of this review, it does get the note of originality. typically when ane think of bottom - of - the - barrelful films dealing with early serviceman, fantasy movies involving dinosaurs (who exercise not live at the same time as man) and raquel welch come to mind. the clan of the cave bear tries so intemperate to be dangerous that, though it ' s therefore defective, the audience is still concerned by the unique scene and characters of the movie (which is wherefore i award this turkey two stars ). i have to imagine that fans of the leger would be disappointed with this celluloid version; nonetheless, iodine ' m only basing this observation on the fact that the book is almost invariably better than the pic. ane shudder to think that information technology could be otherwise. .. 