when the mediums in question be video game and feature film, has there e'er been a respective hither - to - thither transmutation that achieved any ground high pitched than noodle - headed averageness? " super mario bros. , " " street fighter " and " deadly kombat " were silly stinkpot all, and like a shot the empty, execrable " wing commanding officer " connect their lowly ranks. last this spectacularly bad bit of sci - fi, easily the bad of it kind, is like watching person futz around with a telecasting game for 100 minutes - that make up to say, there ' s trivial fun to be feature when you ' re not the one holding the joystick. the movie, then, follow a lost opportunity for director chris bartholomew roberts, world health organization created the original, groundbreaking microcomputer incarnation of " wing air force officer " back in 1990. how an synergistic brainchild so venerate could end up such a cinematic pile of junk nether the helm of the same guy is a head - scratcher. " fly air force officer " ' s news report, credited to roberts and screenwriter kevin droney, is clueless topsy turvyness melding incoherent narrative and unoriginal ideas. it rip off the finest films of information technology genre, top gun and, in nonpareil scene, even those spiffy " stereoscopic frost " gap commercial message. set in 2654, " wing commander " stars freddie prinze junior. as a daredevil world cowpuncher world health organization hopes to be a great fighter cowcatcher like his sire before him. along the agency, he plays kissy - face with his stoic superior (saffron burrows) at the new galaxy hangout where atomic number 2 ' s posted, comes to condition with bigots who begrudge him for his " pilgrim " heritage (don ' t ask ), and goes on a top - secret mission involving the " jump co ordinate " (what, no death genius plans?) of a nasty alien race eff as the kilrathi. or something comparable that. cave in the immensely perplexing activity, it ' s hard to tell. on the other helping hand, what ' s easy to image is that " fly air force officer " is a self aggrandising old mess. the game dialogue strains, filled with such original argumentation as " father ' thyroxin you die on me! ", " fight stations! " and repeated (and frequently unreciprocated) send for for a " medic! " action sequences taper off. the character conflict granary unplanned giggles. the sole source of suspense hither is what these kilrathi creeps look like, as they ' re hold back out of persuasion until the concluding xv bit. imagine bearded siamese cats crossed with something from a? 50s roger corman cheapie and you ' ve got a good idea. little but techno - babble happens for an hour, and then it ' s as if " fly commander " tries to do overly much at once; when it appears as though the movie ' s about to show signs of a pulse, it instead provides a hilarious touch of human drama culminating with a use for a bulldozer that has probably never been look in this kind of space inner circle before. matthew lillard, featured conspicuously in say chronological sequence, be cast as prinze ' s hotshot partner, and though the two are fine young histrion - recently match in the smash " she ' s all that " - they ' re fighting more than than otherworldly evil here. hearsay has it that " fly commander " was slate as a later - in - the - year release, relegate up to capitalize off this hot throw coup as well as the premiere of the new " star wars: episode unity " lagger. just in my audience, in that location were no female person present to make goo - goo eyes at prinze or lillard, and many a member exited after the much - ballyhooed snitcher peep. since most cineplexes win ' t live granting refunds to the latter contingency, " commanding officer " might rake in some dough, simply be warned: the high wearable turned as soon as the descend magnet give style to the feature presentation. 