alexandre dumas meet hong kong action with newcomer justin chambers reprize the oft - played character of dart swordsman vitamin d ' artagnon in director peter hyam ' s adventure " the musketeer. " for some reason that iodin may figure proscribed by and by, i wear ' t lie with wherefore the fourth dimension, money and effort were put into the making of " the musketeer. " information technology may be that someone had the clever idea of combining the alexandre dumas part and story with the current enamor with the action study of hong kong imports like this picture ' s xin - xin xiong (" once upon a time in china ") and yuen woo - ping from " crouching panthera tigris, hidden dragon. " the resultant comprise a mix of genres that don ' tonne mesh intimately. elements of the ritz brother - style comedy (for those few who remember that comedic troupe from the 1939 " the three musketeers " ), the man with no name from " a fistful of dollars " (ergocalciferol ' artagnan demands that the bad guys apologize to his horse in a unmediated ref to the clint eastwood spaghetti western) and hong kong action choreography represent all utilized in the original script by gene quintano. the result be an natural process flick that yield little resemblance to its source textile while it makes modern day that material in an effort to snaffle the " matrix " crowd. alexandre alexandre dumas may well be cast in his grave if atomic number 2 knows what was done to his greco roman oeuvre and characters. the real job with the " the musketeer " lies in the cast of the two pencil lead, romantically intertwined characters, calciferol ' artagnan and francesca (mena suvari ). chamber have the boyishly handsome right looks for the theatrical role, a la chris atomic number 8 ' donnell, but lacks any onscreen charisma. suvari get the doe - eyed, pretty see as the fille de chambre who has the auricle of the queer, but she, overly, does not have the interpersonal chemistry to control the screen. if " the musketeer " makes them any money, they should endue in act lesson. strong performer may have helped to raise the cake on this one. the endorse mould is, on the earth's surface, impressive. catherine the great denueve plays the queen of france and lends her character an air of royal family, dignity and liquid body substance, especially when she plays off of d ' artagnan ' s wise man, planchet (jean - pierre castaldi, who reminds of andre the heavyweight in " the princess bride ). stephen rea looks good in the part of the conniving usurper cardinal cardinal richelieu, just be pass very little to help flesh forbidden his character. tim philip milton roth is the kind of bad guy you love to detest as the carmine ' sulphur chief partner in crime, febre. he equal so risky he makes simon legree look like a boy sentry. the rest of the players, particularly the three musketeer aramis (nick moran, " lock, stock and two smoking barrelful " ), porthos (steve spiers) and athos (january gregor kremp ), are background cannon fodder whose role be to occur to d ' artagnan ' s aid when needed. peter hyam ' s does double obligation as music director and cinematography and may comprise too stretched to do both well. a solid script at the helm could have helped the mediocre performances of the lede and better utilized his veteran thesps. photography is straightforward action fare that goes through all the appropriate action flick motions - d ' artagnan takes on a tavern wide of thugs and outdo them single - handed; atomic number 2 fight a gang of febre ' s henchmen aboard a speeding coach to protect the queen (with the obligatory branches hanging over the road ); he goes one on one with his lifelong enemy, febre, who murdered d ' artagnan ' s folks years before. it is all routine material. the renowned wire body of work developed by the hong kong action mechanism masters is used to contrived effect as the participant leap, withstand gravity, upwards wall and from horse to horse. it work in a sci - fi film similar " the matrix " or in a classical fancy like " crouching tiger, obscure dragon " but barely calls attention to itself in " the musketeer. " at one and only compass point i could swear one saw the stunt wire being used. information technology did not do me a believer and i am very discomfited. with a run time of 106 minutes information technology should have been more like 80 and i give information technology a d. 