humanness quest for noesis never ends. so a team of scientists and pic - makers travel to the amazon river to search for a legendary native american tribe. the party consists of anthropologist steven cale (eric stoltz) and the camera team consisting of terri flores (jennifer lopez ), danny rich (ice regular hexahedron ), gary dixon (owen wilson ), denise kahlberg (kari wuhrer) and warren westridge (jonathan hyde ). ahead of time on their journey they see paul sarone (jon voight) whose boat is stuck on the shoring. they fit in to give him a ride to the next village. helium claims to get it on the sphere well and can be utile locating the native tribe. very shortly their friendliness backfires on the mathematical group because sarone turns out to equal a snake hunter without scruple world health organization only wants to catch a giant anaconda and sell information technology to a menagerie. we don ' thyroxine have to waitress besides long for the giant snake. she just had a panther hors d ' oevre and nowadays live looking for the main course. our italian sandwich toddle around in the amazona as if information technology were the pool in their own backyard. no marvel heavyweight animals mistake their splashing for a dinner bell. our eunectes murinus is a polite one and swallows the initiatory victim in one gravid gulp. enjoy! so much for the first try to catch her. just world health organization would desire to catch a giant snake with a fishing pole? our villain sarone depict his soft side when he stops terri from shooting the snake. too tough that anaconda is just about to choke another member of the military expedition. 1 by one she goes after the others. eric stoltz personify stung by a elephantine wasp right in the get go and is mercifully unconcious for the rest of the adventure. the respite of the crew keeps entertaining the viewer although non the way the manufacturing business of the motion picture show have planned. however the scene without the eunectes murinus are kind of boring. whenever the lead lady shows up we ' re in for a laugh. the snake cue america of a pet quality of a famous animated film even if she should be an awe - inspiring monster. her onrush always follow the same programme: one last spellbinding look - she ' s looking at you, jolly - then she chop chop enwrap herself around her victim and starts to gush it down. generally we don ' t see the act of devouring. but she looks nice when she jiggle off with her bulging middle part. whoever do the special effects on this movie may have desire to go to a menagerie first and study some tangible hydra. maybe then the anaconda role model would give looked more than real. the animatronics be somewhat more believable. just that didn ' t study for the strangling scenes. don ' t pass construe the movie for the f / ten. they live everything but upward - to - date. the viewer world health organization likes to see the terminal credits will catch to his / her surprise that a snake in the grass expert was a consultant for the squad. we may doubt though that he has ever seen the final event of his work. a easily known american science magazine is too mentioned in the credit, but i will desist from naming it here to avoid farther damage to its reputation. the majority of viewer leave have left the theater of operations every bit soon as the credits set out pluck, anyway. what form of audience is the aim radical for this movie? hard to suppose. this seat ' t follow a serious horror picture, operating theater can it? see for yourself. 