" we comprise grateful that we have the songs of thanksgiving chan to comfort us. " star lee kang - sheng, yang kuei - mei directed by tsai ming - liang written by tsai and yang ping - ying cinematography by liao dynasty peng - jung taiwan, two dozen / twelve / 99. the millenium approach shot. an unceasing torrent batters an unnamed city. sector of the city be being varnish, quarantine due to the onset of a mysterious virus. the computer virus cause masses to act like insects: they crawl about on all four spot, hide from bright lights, powwow in damp corners. the water provision to the quarantined zone will personify snub off in a week ' s time. residents be advised to evacuate the orbit, asap. this premise - - franz kafka by way of cronenberg - - be the background for the maw, which could receive been a great motion picture, but, sadly, terminate up as a waste of in effect ideas. the quick sketch above suggest a shadow, absurd, hallucinatory approximate - future parable of sprightliness in the tardy 20th century; in writ of execution, however, it be nothing similar that. the computer virus, the elimination, the visual possiblities of the cloudburst: these be all relegated to the background. instead, the hole focalise on the lives - - for want of a better word of god - - of a human being (downwind kang - sheng) and a woman (yang kuei - japanese apricot) who live in the same flat construction, and world health organization have no personalities. the entire motion picture taks place in stage setting that are uniformly ugly and sterile: the charmless rooms and corridors of a post - industrial apartment complex, shoot to bet as dim and dingy as possible. information technology ' s a vivid setting, merely an unsympathetic one, specially with the monotonic hiss of fall rain and the gurgle of drainage pipe in the background. the man inhabit in the apartment right away above the woman ' s. one day, a repairman investigating a leak get out a minor mess in the storey of the gentleman's gentleman ' s living way, opening into the roof of the woman ' s aliveness room. this kettle of fish - - symbolic representation of the solitary opening in the character ' second lonely, compartmented endure - - allows them to interact in strange (and more often than not non - verbal) way. representative: the man, suffering from the onset of the virus (or so 1 assume - - everything represent unknown in this movie) puke through the trap. the woman, range approximately in the dark, accidentally puts her bridge player on his vomit, and then clean it upwardly. this is what passes for meaningful communicating. and they tell romance is bushed. lots of the film suffice not still focus on their interactions, such as they are. there is almost no dialog and we determine next to nil astir these people. they are ciphers. or else, we follow address to farseeing takes in which we witness their miserable lives; we follow, for instance, as the woman boils some weewee, pours it onto some bonce, and then eats the noodles. ( this be equally fascinating as it sounds. ) offer as counterpoint - - or maybe relief - - to these dismal sequences are a series of musical numbers, fantasies in which the woman lip - synchs to pop sung dynasty by saving grace chan (popular, so i ' g say, in 1950s ' china ). she cock around in grimy hallway and grungy stairwell, incronguously lit by cheerfully lustrous spotlight. sometimes, in these fancy, she is join by the man. these scenes are presumptively intend to be hopeful and fanciful, aggressively contrasting the dreariness of reality, but they fail. when the man and the woman dance, information technology seem half - hearted and dispirited. astaire and virginia katherine mcmath this is non. yet in imagination, these people are dead, weary, oil production. the mess is part of the ' collection 2000 ' series, a chemical group of films commission by french tv station la family line arte on the guinea pig of the millenium. others include canada ' s last night, brazil ' s midnight, and american hal hartley ' s the book of life history. the leger of life is the only early unity that single make seen, and it be infinitely superior to the taiwanese entry. witty, gumptious, humane, information technology makes the the mess seem (hem) empty. american movies with nothing to say try to disguise their want of content with brassy movement, quick cuts, superficial emotion. extraneous movies with zip to pronounce do what the hole does: they point the camera at something of minimal interest for improbably long period of time of time, and call it art. the hole be self - evidently a film astir alienation, and perhaps director tsai ming - liang wants the audience to share in his characters ' alienation. if so, he bring home the bacon. perhaps it is a challenge: helium dares us to enjoy this moving picture, despite his best endeavour to ensure that we don ' t. if it was a challenge, ane wasn ' t improving for information technology. 