synopsis: a man whose buff, paris, was murdered agrees to test out an data based practical reality home plate unit system. the subject escapes from the real world and his current girlfriend, laura, and becomes addicted to practical realness, which, due to a design defect in his unit, recreates the dead paris. comments: practical conquest, executive produced by roger corman and lance h. jerome robbins, serves as a cheaply - made precursor to unknown days, a far superscript picture show. both movies deal with desperate men who have trouble colligate to their current lovers because they are (ab) using technology to be with late lovers (in strange clarence day, the technology utilized recorded dream rather than virtual reality ). interestingly, both films also claim place a couple of years from now during the twist of the new millenium, though unknown days utilise the lay far more effectively. this exemplifies the trouble with virtual conquest. it ' s not bad for what it be: low - budget science fable interest the psychological dangers of practical reality. regrettably, information technology ' s been done before and since in much near films, a fact which at last leaves the sci - fi fan bore by this movie. practical seduction get many faults (one of them constitute the fact that the television inexplicably has its own dawdler before it begins ). the film ' reciprocal ohm playscript explores the possibilities of virtual reality interestingly at first, but it treatment of the capable matter gets wakeless - handed and wooden as the picture progresses. many important scenes seem too black; the ignition could have be improved importantly. the mold, a collection of veteran bel - picture show actors and sitcom regulars, do exclusively a second rate job in their roles. jeff fahey, of the original lawnmower man, convincingly, though unenergetically, play the lead character. carrie genzel plays paris, the vr lover, but ami dolenz, as the current love interest, seems comparable a much to a greater extent interesting and attractive character with a caring personality, which doesn ' t lend credence to the film ' s premise. meschach taylor, of the erst democratic designing women sitcom, adequately meet a scientist working on the project, but his carrying into action international relations and security network ' t something to spell home about either. virtual conquest represent one of those harmless movies to which you could do some light manual labor and non mind get it on in the background. in other word, one could fold washables while glancing up at it every now and then, but it ' s sort of boring to just sit and learn. the movie is surprisingly non every bit violent as matchless expects from b - movies in this genre, just it be still an adult r - rated film referable to intimate position and a suicide endeavor. this turkey, ultimately, international relations and security network ' t awful, just it ' s non particularly interesting surgery unique either. don river ' t be seduced into check this movie unless you ' ve got several loads of laundry and nothing else to watch. 