" easely one of the worst films of the twelvemonth. . " with the millenium just around the corner, hollywood is play with our insecurities concerning the bounteous event of this century. this clock time it is arnold schwartzenegger against the powers of iniquity. the result represent somewhat predictable. i didn ' t have high hopes about benedict arnold ' s " very much anticipated " recurrence to the great screenland. schwarzenegger fans will credibly be pleased, action lovers gain ground ' deoxythymidine monophosphate be bored, and the catholic league leave be angry. everyone else will learn ' end of days ' for what information technology be: a pleasurably bad motility picture. think of information technology as hollywood ' s ain y2k bug. did you know that if you turn the 3 hellish numbers 666 you ' ll get 999, as in 1999? yes, you better believe information technology. . devil is here on world, working on his latest projection - - the last of days. this time information technology is gabriel burne who incur the privilege to spiel lucifer and, although not al pacino, he is fun to behold. he coolly strolls through manhattan in the borrow body of an investiture banker, wreaking, as they say, mayhem. the way it crop is he smirk and something explodes. before the stroke of the unexampled millenary he ' s got to find and bang up a certain woman in order to climb prohibited from nether a heavenly curse as spell out in the book of revelations. only schwarzenegger ' s cop attached to an anti - terrorist unit can stop him. movie like this get i serious weakness - - logic. no issue how you wrench the " secret plan ", you ' ll rule information technology incredibly stupid (even for a schwartzenegger movie! ). the incredible fact is that such music director never see. after m of headless productions, this theme has become single big clich?. here the devil looks to a greater extent like a sexual activity hook maniac that have just got away of a mental institution. atomic number 2 is walking close to n. wye. , blowing everything up and killing everyone that gets in a fivesome meter radius. all helium wants is the girl, that is somehow particular. merely schwartzenegger be to a greater extent clever than he looks, helium sustain hidden her in a church, where satan dare not enter. so the evil one is forced to seduce the good cop in parliamentary procedure to get the worthful entropy: " you butt take in your married woman and daughter back. . ace can apply you happiness that you can only daydream of. . just sacrifice me the reference. . " indeed with a handwriting like that, you could have a marvelous parody, but alas the conductor is taking this subject very severely, attempt to make a provoking an dramatic thriller. and for you world health organization have awaited arnold swartzenegger ' s return, will non be very satisfied. we ' ve not find him in a while. that ' s because he didn ' t feature a suitable antagonist. he has battled atomic terrorists on earthly concern and power mad conspirators on mars. atomic number 2 receive take on alien vulture in the darkest reaches of the jungle and morphing cyberkillers that seemingly nix can stop. and then, after all those fights, what ' s leave for arnold schwarzenegger? how about old nick? in my belief, he has ne'er quite surmount his initiatory role as the venomous golem in cameron ' s " terminator ". and that personify schwartzenegger ' s effectiveness - - muscle and no emotions. hither he try to achieve an aesthetic level, moving towards the oscar. this be called " an grownup turn " if successful and " a flop " if unsuccessful. make a wild speculation! his character has lost his wife and daughter and get serious drinking problem. this need at least some acting acquisition. regrettably, the lonesome thing convincing about old arnold is his muscle. the rest of the cast be struggling with their so call characters. the film be otherwise technically telling, with a solid cinematography and fine firing. only the movie doesn ' t serve neither as a serious thriller (because of its betise) nor as comic entertainment (because of its severe note ). the only substantial comic relievo in this film is when swartzenegger tries to cry. the action sequences personify all recycled and the upshot be everything but spectacular. so 1 really have a hard time recommending this celluloid to somebody. unless you cost a die - hard schwartzenegger fan, detain away. as for schwarzenegger, he ' ll make up back. 