a young accounting entry in the " revisionist history " genre of filmmaking, dick suggests that two not - as well - bright teenage girl be the cause of the uncovering of the nation ' s biggest presidential scandal. kirsten dunst and michelle william carlos williams star betsy and arlene, who while trying to deliver a fan letter of the alphabet from arlene ' s watergate hotel room, accidentally stumble across g. gordon liddy (played dead - on by harry shearer) and the infamous break - in. when they recognize liddy later on during a white theater field trip, they be ushered into a conference room, oppugn as to what they know, and leave as prescribed presidential blackguard walker. the lady friend manage to unknowingly uncover every bit of the watergate scandal scandal while performing their duties, but get no clue as to what they be getting involved with. when they key out that nixon (another dead - on carrying out by dan hedaya, who actually favors nixon slightly, unlike anthony hopkins) has be scurrilous to checkers, the presidential dog, thanks to the conversations that he always recorded, they give up and go disenchant. during a buffoonery phone cry the young lady make to woodward and bernstein, events are set into motion that finally top to the president ' s resignation. this film starts turned promisingly with an aged c. vann woodward and leonard bernstein arguing with each other on an obvious larry king - type talk show (featuring a cameo by french dugald stewart) astir revealing the identity of " deep pharynx ". from there, we are subject to bodily procedure humor and just astir every bad " pecker " jest one can deduce from this type of hypothetic comedy. at nonpareil point, the girl are hold to shout over a high school band play on the steps of the president abraham lincoln memorial. the ring make out to stop right as dunst screams " you have to stop letting dick run your life! " much to the repugnance of everyone standing within earreach. several former variations on this pun surface all throughout the film. if this movie experience live smarter i would have be less potential to fault information technology ' s juvenile bathroom humour, but it ' s not. the film was apparently made for relatively untried people because every major player in the watergate scandal outrage personify present and shove down the audience ' s throat in the least subtle path possible. i don river ' t callback oliver stone ' s nixon have to procure to it ' s audience, but of course that film wasn ' t a comedy aim forthright at a xiii - 20 year - old film drop dead audience. the sole redemptive thing astir this movie is it ' s remarkable corroborate cast. i wanted to see more than of ferrell and mcculloch ' s woodward and bernstein. those two characters be the lonesome basis for my rating. i wishing they had been given to a greater extent screen time, just unfortunately, they comprise only if relegated to the final half - hour. their constant bickering and scrap over trying to get the story are a major highlight, especially mcculloch ' s constant frustration of ferrell ' s attempt to gather information from the girls (who, in the course of the narrative are revealed as deep throat, so named thanks to an ill planned trip up to a erotica theater by betsy ' s brother ). the early members of the cast be excellent in their portrayals of their especial characters, but are give goose egg to work with. atomic number 53 ' d like to see the same cast portray these characters in a script more suited towards their comedic abilities. as for the two atomic number 82, dunst and williams displace unquestionably do better. they come off as what could best be described as romy and michele: the other days in this particular film, a highly doubtful distinction at good. stay through the first half of the end accredit though, to view an interesting scene take dunst and williams suggestively sucking on popsicle emblazoned with the title of the pic. an excellent estimation marred by poor execution, dick could have embody a great movie. less of the juvenile humor and more of the smarter comedy displayed by the robert woodward and bernstein scenes, could hold wee wee this film a terrific satire of the nixon presidency as find through with the eyes of 2 uninitiate 15 year olds. as information technology stands though, dick offers nothing merely what filmmaker kevin smith then accurately define as " pecker and poopie " jokes. and that, to me, suffice not make a risible motion picture. [ pg - thirteen ] 