foremost troy beyer compose the critically panned " b complex vitamin. a. p. s. " now she makes her directorial debut, writing, guide, and star in this sub - equation movie astir women blab out about sex. though not without redeem qualities, this moving picture be bad. the basic news report come after leash single booster - - jazz (beyer ), lena river (randi ingerman ), and michelle (paget brewster) - - in their search for love. jazz has an idea for a local talk appearance; information technology would boast women talking about sexual urge and geological dating. she and her acquaintance make a demo tape of interviews with the woman of miami. the movie itself is sprinkle with these actual interviews throughout, both as theatrical role of the plot and as commentary on the situations of the main characters. the fact that they be real provides a refreshing break from some of the more melodramatic moment in the film. there are respective second of bad acting, corny dialogue, and emotional overextension. in a downhearted - budget independent motion picture from a foremost - time theater director, these faults canful sometimes be forgiven, if the screenplay is fresh and solid. that is non the eccentric here. the handwriting suffers from random plot developments. at that place are four or quint of these crook in the patch, each one raising the question " where practise that come from? " at one point, a persona has a lifelong balancing with her female parent. we personify supposed to be moved, but since the vista is completely un - head - up to, we really put on ' t care if she and her mother get along. we ' ve never seen her female parent before. we ne'er see her again. world health organization cares? what ' s worse, these sudden developments live supposed to engage our sympathy. at another point, a character declare that she can ' metric ton have child. apparently, this exist devastating. we wouldn ' t know this because she never talked about having kids before, just we be still expected to be desolate for her. the scene feel alike an afterthought, its emotion manipulative and shallow. these scenes grow bad and bad, culminating in an absurd coming. 2 scene be played with such overwhelming melodrama that i found myself express joy. one conniption is a fan ' s spat between two minor fictional character. the other has the main characters express their plentiful grief by cleaning house in wails of desperation and swarm of ajax. cogitate on these conniption, it exist hard for me to admit that the film has redeem quality. but it fare. first of all, it is original. we men oftentimes wonder what women talk astir when they are alone in chemical group, and i imagine this moving picture show give way maine a pretty good idea. it ' s something one don ' t think has be the subject of a pic. second, the interview of the miami cleaning woman are sincere. taken together, they form a mosaic pictorial matter of miami beachwalkers and bistro buffet car. the arial mosaic is made of sound bite and stereotypes, but each tile is some adult female ' s real experience. neither the motion picture show of women, nor their photo of men, is truly representative, but the point be that both sets of generalizations represent telling in their ain way. at some level, the stereotype that emerge give notice be called true. i sack imagine some masses like this moving picture show when it reference talk about their " likes, dislikes, science, and thrills, " but on the whole, it ' s fairly bad. and that makes it even harder to forgive the tough acting, corny dialogue, and aroused overextension. unity ' ll give beyer one and only more strike, and and so she ' s out. blackleg radius (almost got an nc - 17) for denotative sexual duologue and nudity. 