sylvester stallone has take a shit some crap films in his lifetime, but this have got to comprise one of the bad. a totally dull taradiddle that reckon it hindquarters use various explosions to make it interesting, " the specializer " be about as exciting as an episode of " dragnet, " and about as well acted. still some attempts at film noir mood are destroyed by a sappy script, stunned and unlikable characters, and hardly quetch nothingness. who sleep together a big blowup could be so ho hum and anti - climactic? unless you reckon " blown aside ". .. " the specliast " of the title is none other than action star sylvester stallone (in comeback # 19, i think ), who plays a quiet, recluse - like bomber who was once a bomb expert with the army or something, but who suffered a change of heart when he and his assistant (james woods, world health organization shows us exactly what over - the - tiptop is, other than another bad sly film) accidentally killed some innocent people during a job. his credo is shoot down bad people, non innocents. and that ' s wherefore helium makes big bombs. so anyway, into his life steps the seductive sharon stone, who is basically the girlfriend / moll of the stupid boy (eric oral roberts) of a cuban / miami kingpin (rod steiger, in an unclear speech pattern, which is sometimes cuban, sometimes brando, sometimes scottish, etc ). turn out sharon cost in reality use her beau so she can kill him, since he killed her parents when she was young. indeed she call sly, leaves messages with him, sends him e - mail, etc, about planting a bomb to kill roberts, which sly listens to obsessively, and while helium works out naked. yea. also into his spirit, though again, comes mrs. henry wood, who has been tipped dispatch by stone to catch sly. use the cops, helium essay to set up traps, none which really work, therefore when sly calls him, he goes ballisitic on his buns over the phone, getting so process up by saying his moldiness - live - improvised speeches that he seems to pop the vein in his head wide candid. these be the near exciting scenes in the film, and wood get the only ounce of entertainment in the moving picture show. the film effort to offer us a moody film noir, except with explosion, but comes up all snake - middle. it ' s just a pretend plastic film noir, stimulate information technology a big waste product of time. and for action buffs, the action scene are pretty lame, with some really unrealistic - looking special effects (a penthouse be blow cancelled of a hotel appear same a piece of cardboard fall into a tub ). then there ' s the much - hash out gender shot between sly and stone, which be astir as mispaired a couplet as rachel and ross on " friends. " their sexual urge scene be more offensive then sexy, because it shows america more of sly than pit. forthwith let ' s guessing who we ' d rather see raw, okay? stone ' s small but perky titty, which we ' ve come across more times than harvey keitel ' s dick, or stallone ' s veiny ass, which isn ' thyroxine usually shown for a very good understanding? i know ace rear end ' t very judge information technology as a flaw of the picture show, but come on. the uncollectible flaw of the film be this: information technology ' s boring. 1 mean, i be on caffeine when watching it, but my quaker fall asleep only to represent wake up by james woods mouth off. but a good pic does non james woods work nuts make. if you ' re in for some fun activity, tear sly ' sec earlier " wipeout man, " which sucks too, but in a much to a greater extent entertaining fashion. omission this dull moving picture, unless you want to see woods, or cook merriment of steiger ' s accent, operating theatre see stone ' s breasts once more. 