some movies require you to wrick murder your brain in order to watch over. then on that point be movies that require you to take on that everyone * in * the movie have turn off * their * brains. the real mccoy is both. it ' s charmless, molasses - slow and so full of genuinely stupid people that the plastic film delegation of capital of georgia, where the real mccoy is set, might well look at some variety of ritual suicide for their complicity in this mortification. the real mccoy open up with bank robber karen mccoy (kim basinger) being turn back in the middle of a line. six age later, karen is out on parole and looking to remain flat. she presently bumps into j. t. pooch (val kilmer ), a hapless would - constitute thief who idolizes karenic. j. t. likewise has tie to jacklight schmidt (terence mould ), the man who blew the whistle on karenic 6 year earlier for refusing to work with him. schmidt, who is in cahoot with karen ' s crummy parole ship's officer (gailard sartain ), once more require karen to help him represent a looting. this time he have some leverage: karen ' s abduct boy. just now when she thought she represent out, they keep pulling her back * in. * contrivances and sloppy plot fly sour the screen then fast and furiously you have to duck to head off being slay by them. leading the list be the jack schmidt reference, world health organization through unexplained but presumptively afoul mains is already extremely wealthy when our story begin. there be no understanding render why he should require or want to arrest require in another crime, get alone why he would in reality participate in the break - in. karenic ' s initial encounter with j. mt. during a bungled convenience storage hold - upward as well strains the limits of credibility. information technology would have been simple plenty to have them somehow entangled at that full stop, but instead they run into each other the next solar day because they ' re leaving their word of honor officers at exactly the like second. little world, eh? then there ' s the convenient car trouble during an attempted escapism, and darling tamil tigers which, through with the king of the laws of bad cinema, must inevitably face up mortal who has fumble into their cage. however, the buffoon prize goes to the atlanta police force, world health organization come turned same the lynchpin kops on a bad day. but the merriment doesn ' t oddment there in the butchery of a handwriting by william davies and william osborne. in that location is also the absence of a single, solitary interesting character. karen is earnest and single - mind in her motherly veneration, but miss any kind of edge which would nominate her a convincing criminal, and basinger follow not a thespian sensation at fleshing kayoed fragile material. schmidt is a flaccid villain, the parole officer is a complete blank, and karen ' sulfur son and ex - hubby might equally intimately equal furniture. only kilmer ' s watt second. t. is remotely sympathetic, but his one potentially challenging quality, his ineptitude, is never developed. in fact, kilmer disappears during the midsection of the film, just when his appreciation for karen could take made for an interesting sub - plot. single might make equal more forgiving if the pacing had been more appropriate to a caper clowning, but the tangible mccoy goes nowhere fast. versatile scenes of sneaking and skulking seem to learn forever, and some terminal with no rationality unmistakable why they didn ' t end up on the cutting room floor. even the reasonably clever climactic good luck - in declension victim to this syndrome, include a aspect of one of the thieves drill open a vault which lasts (i josh you not) four minute of arc. there be no tension in the fit, just tedium. george william russell mulcahy (highland scot) is a director with some mode, and indeed the real mccoy looks somewhat in force, but helium completely stumbles in the editing way. at that place be so many giving problems with the real mccoy that i ' m tempt to leave out the little ones. like karen disarming one of helmut schmidt ' s henchman and throwing his gun into the middle of a green where her son is playing. like a fountain crushed when a vanguard runs into it re emerge in unrivaled piece a few minute later. tempted. but ane ' m pretty honest at resisting temptation. 