i do it there were time during this movie that i laughed pretty arduous. the problem is, i seat ' t remember them as one write this followup. that ' s non a good planetary house. in prize phone call, jamie foxx is bunz, a character whom i nates ' t actually describe, because i don ' t recognise that much astir him. unity alone know that he likes to shoot die on the sidewalk, and that helium doesn ' tonne corresponding relationships, just " booty call " at three in the morning (no questions, no commitment ). bunz consume a best friend named rushon (tommy davidson ), who seems to cost bunz ' s direct diametrical: on the consecutive and narrow, and presently in a long - term consignment (a solid 7 weeks, wow! ). rushon need to finally sleep with his girlfriend, nikki (tamala jones ), but for a reason which be non totally explained, information technology ' s work to happen after a double date with bunz and nikki ' s friend lysterine (vivica a. charles james fox ), world health organization have never met. to make a long narration short, the two couples pair off sour and spend the rest of the evening induce their attempts to do the deed of conveyance botch up by nikki ' s fixation with safe sex activity. for the first time she wants safe, thusly bunz and rushon go out and get them. oh, no, they take to be latex, not sheepskin. back to the store. now they ' ve obtain to get dental dams, or in that respect ' ll comprise no foreplay. why are both couples terminate each clock time nikki name a demand? nikki phones lysterine, world health organization lives across the radclyffe hall, and tells her she ' cholecalciferol better represent making these demand, too. public lecture about coitus interruptus. booty vociferation is a flick that does non know whether it want to be a veritable comedy or ane of those over - the - top comedies. the difference between the 2 is that in the latter, things constantly happen which be therefore far off from reality. in this category, for instance, you have nail ventura: private oculus on the mild face, and aeroplane! at the extreme. on that point are time during booty call where the film steps out of it shell and attempt for this status, only and then too oft quickly back away to the safety of convention. information technology is unsatisfying, and even worsened, distracting. there are also instance where the screenplay by takashi bufford and bootsie parker (be those real names? ) does not live improving to its possible, as jokes follow left unexploited beaver state yet ruined by bad writing. for instance, on that point is a view where our main characters be in a formosan restaurant. bunz goes upwardly to an asian mobster and speaks to him in fluent cantonese, much to everyone ' s surprisal. nonetheless, when asked how atomic number 2 learned the language, he goes into this explanation of how helium start pick upwardly words from late - night kung - fu films, and soon realise mastery. this negate the ludicrousness of the full scene. if, on the other hand, when asked how atomic number 2 learned to verbalize taiwanese, bunz simply replied with, " kung - fu movies, " and and then moved on, the jape would take in be much more efficient. this is because it would have live totally unbelievable, but funny because we get laid it comprise unbelievable. by explaining the point and try to make the idiotic plausible, the film be non giving its spectator enough cite. the inconsistency and uncertain credibility unfortunately besides raise other questions. why are deuce such disparate people like bunz and rushon well acquaintance? why do rushon and nikki desexualize up bunz and lysterine? if nikki be and then obsessed with good sex, why doesn ' t she have some prophylactic at her own flat? these questions be not serve by the screenplay, but are drop for the sole reason of proceed the patch forward. a very noticeable quality of booty cry is the preponderance of unnecessary ill scented spoken communication. some picture employ a luck of swear words, but use them under really justifiable circumstances, as when they be employed consistent with a character ' s pattern of speech. early films, such as the recent jackie robert brown, utilise them in ways that almost parody themselves. booty call just sticks them in to go joke, and it doesn ' t work. they stick out like sore thumbs because there is well nigh no cause to use them. half of the scenes appear to occur for no reason. the chinese eatery, a holdup at a convenience store, and a slip to the hospital seem to take in naught to do with the fib, and are in in that location for makeweight. this be surprising, considering that the film is less than eighty minutes long. it ' s too bad that the core of the celluloid isn ' t much well, since information technology is comprised of sometimes shady, but forgettable dialogue. i refer you to the initiatory paragraph of this review. 