in that location should be a requirement that a potential watcher be under a certain film iq in rules of order to see " mission to mar. " there are probably quite a a few people world health organization are going to enjoy it, and most of them will probably constitute those who have view real few films of it kind. but there are those who will non, and those will well nigh likely comprise people who have already seen one operating room more of the following motion picture: " 2001: a space odyssey, " " armageddon, " " apollo 13, " " the abysm, " " cheeseparing encounters of the third variety, " " tocopherol. t. the special - terrestrial, " " alien, " and " noncitizen. " wherefore? because in that respect is not one original estimate in " charge to mars. " all of it is cribbed from other films (and in most cases, well movie ). if this comprise the sorting of thing you wear ' t psyche, you might like the film. of course of action, there are other reason non to like " mission to mars, " the main one being a playscript written by people who seem to assume their audience be filled with people world health organization haven ' t expend their brains in some metre, and who assume ' t intend to start during the film ' s running time. " commission to mars " manages to be both stupid and drilling at the same meter. the plot, crib greatly from " 2001, " occupy a team sent to mars, the first manned tripper e'er pull in to the red planet. luke whole wheat flour (don cheadle) leads the squad, jointly work of americans and russian. the team encounters a deep monolith that emits a strange pulse (this being nothing like the pulse - emitting monolith in " 2001 " - - that 1 cost on the * moon * ), but when they try to study it, a giant sand tornado get along out of the top and get down them (all except gospel of luke, who survives long enough to send a garbled message back to the rotate space station, which looks strangely like the rotating space station in " 2001 " ). a rescue mission live design with husband & wife squad woody blake (tim robbins) and terri fisher (connie carl nielsen ), obligatory airplane pilot with a troubled yesteryear jim mcconnell (gary sinise ), and spare crew member phil ohlmyer (jerry o ' connell) along for the ride. after some zero - gravity dancing, they die hard into problem when one of their engine constitute blown, forcing them to attempt a dire landing aboard a supply vessel. straightaway stranded on mars with minimal supplies, the team moldiness decide whether or not it can chance come in the monolith operating room if they should return home. after all, that monolith just might comprise data about how life originated on terra firma. " mission to mars " be one of those film that makes a critic marvel where to pop out when talking about whole the things that are wrong with it, so rent ' s start with one of the things that does work: film director brian de palma manages to create some eerie tension in a few scenes during the middle of the film. that ' s it. everything else fail. the loser isn ' tonne de palma ' s geological fault; he ' s work out from an atrocious script. only during the sequence aboard the ship (looking an abominable lot alike the jupiter vessel in " 2001 ") where the rescue team ' s air begins running out and they mustiness madly search for the kettle of fish and patch it up do " mission to mar " amount to life. a prospect where they attempt to save a comrade floating away into space also offer some tension, until you realize that the entire peril / more danger / undertake rescue sequence has absolutely nothing to do with the eternal rest of the film; information technology ' s just a artificial way to generate thrilling scenes. take information technology out, and the plot of land isn ' liothyronine touch in any way. the chronological succession also suffers from a few plot of ground holes (as does the rest of the film ): why equal the ship ' s computer (which sounds strangely like hal from, uh, " 2001 ") capable to notice a hole in the independent chamber only not one in the locomotive? wherefore did tim robbins ' persona have to go outside the ship when the solvent easily present itself from inside? shouldn ' t the astronauts constitute better trained to share with a hull breach? why are the grapheme such changeling? because the handwriting makes lilliputian attempt to decent develop them. all the " conflict " is clumsily delivered in torturously obvious exposition in the opening scene (which rips off orson welles and robert altman by utilizing a long opening tracking shot) during which the characters repeatedly tell each other about things all of them should already have it off: " jim, it ' s too bad you can ' t go on this mission because you were determined ' psychologically inadequate ' because your wife died right before you were to go on the mission together " - - does anyone rattling talk like this? can ' t we obtain out these thing in a less rough matter, similar perchance in a flashback? the unharmed film is comparable that. the filmmakers embody non contented to simply show us something and assume we sleep together what ' southward going on; they must * tell * uracil exactly what we ' re looking at * every * time. sample dialog from the picture: (dig of mars) astronaut a: " face, in that respect ' s mars " astronaut b vitamin: " you sure that ' s blemish? " astronaut a: " yeah, that ' s blemish all right. " astronaut c: " hey, are you guys see at mars? " that substitution isn ' t actually in " mission to mars, " simply i wouldn ' tonne follow surprised if information technology were. for all their cribbing from stanley kubrick, steven spielberg, james i cameron, and even ron howard, the makers of this photographic film haven ' t learned to do something all those directors set very considerably: show and don ' t tell. de palma used to have a go at it how, but seems to get forgotten. this cost mentally - challenge filmmaking; they assume the audience won ' t make what ' atomic number 16 lead on, so they explain everything five times ended. fourth - grader may appreciate this, but more conditioned viewing audience leave have their intelligence insulted. the master actors sleepwalk their mode through " mission to mars, " never managing to do forth with an apparent " unity ' mebibyte hardly hither to get a payroll check " mental attitude. cheadle stumbles terminated his ill chosen lines. armin mueller - stahl manages to thoroughly embarrass himself in an unbilled cameo. jerome robbins puts his secret plan face on and phones in his stock " decent guy cable " performance. and sinise hams it up with " wistful " facial expressions while watching tapes of his dead wife (played by kim delaney, who only has one scene during which she still manages to deliver some ridiculous dialogue in a heavy - handed monologue about the meaning of life ), and especially during the stolen - from - no - less - than - three - movies (a lollipop to whoever names them) finish, which combines endless, obvious explanation and sub - par cgi effects with gagging sentimentality and personify sure to alienate any viewers who have been enjoy the show up until then. and of line, these foreigner from mars who facilitated the evolution of life on earth are entirely different from the aliens in " 2001 " who facilitated the organic evolution of sprightliness on earth; those unknown were from an * unknown * humanity. information technology could be said that fans of brainless action films power relish " mission to defect, " but such a input ignore the fact that the film be also incredibly slow - belong. at leisure pace power have serve a film with a little more substance to it, but all of the substance of " mission to mars " has been stolen from other films, and those other films dealt with their ideas in a much more thoughtful manner and generally contained more engaging character. supposedly we ' re intended to choke up when i character decides not to return home at the ending of this one (totally different from the one - character - decides - not - to - return cease of " armageddon " ), merely i suspect most people will either be express mirth or moan. me, i alternated between the ii. there is only if 1 good thing about the way " military mission to red planet " finally ends: the fact that the picture is over. 