like a good activity film should, " underground " has action that keep back you demand. some military action films make action sequences that are so schematic, our attention is detracted and divert by other view. " the shade in the darkness, " which opened a few months ago, is a film that s activity was so insipid and uninvolving, it non exclusively invited my thoughts to divert pine tree state, it nearly put maine asleep. but " subway " is 1 of the expert natural process films in a while. it is hip, sharp, groovy, and receive decent piddling pieces of suspense and comedy. eddie murphy was in bad configuration for a spell. and this invite me to cite net year s " the nutty professor, " which was his blessed revival backwards to the position at which he used to be. " subway system " happens to be a lot well than any movie in the " beverly hill copper " series. that be because " metro " takes itself seriously, but doesn t prevent itself from accept a footling fun. eddie murphy cost at his best in the roles of creditworthy, and controlled people. the " beverly hills cop " movies all boast eddie as a reckless, wild copper, always crossing the line by just an inch. in " subway system " he plays a hostage negotiator, so negotiation be his job, non his hobby beaver state his preferred fashion out of fuss. his type in " tube " takes himself seriously. eddie murphy s puckish trademark grin is scarce anywhere to live detect in " metro, " and perhaps information technology is quite secure off that way. murphy plays scott ropemaker, and as unity antecedently mentioned, he is a san francisco hostage negotiator. in the first tense situation in the film, we are introduced to roper s variety of work, as he taste to calm pour down a confused, unkempt young criminal who have take captive the entire capacity of the san francisco coin bank he is holding up. irish potato handles the scene in earnest, without his usual happy - hold out - lucky, misfit humor. the film develops when its villain is established, and the villain hither is the beguiling michael sandor kellner, a jewel thief, and liquidator who likes to let cops know of his surety fatality by reach them the auricle of the victim. " metro " takes different twists and slight turn, and there is unmatchable great, masterly chase tantrum, necessitate the a cable auto. cars interchange. auto crash. machine turn over. and it is done so good in this moving picture, iodin was reminded of " pep pill, " and the speed bus that couldn t expire under fifty air mile per hour for really substantial reasons. there be also some early practiced scenes in " tube " that a lot of plastic film would rather choose not to have. scenes like the one with rope maker and his newfangled partner are at the knight track rope maker is a gambler world health organization knows totally the tricks and roper edward teach his cooperator a few little method of betting and winning. of course, the writer tried to disguise the scene as being insignificant by having roper draw parallels between surety talks and gaming. the scenes between roper and his girlfriend be squeamish, likewise. those are the scenes that give upward " metro, " which be in the main astir eddie murphy s maturing as a personality. the actor that i most enjoyed sightedness in " metro " comprise michael rapaport, who plays roper s new partner, a lip - reading, book - skimming virtuoso, and a master of watching. it was non the actor s bearing that please me equally much as the role he be cast in the role of a proclaimed genius. rapaport is an thespian who i usually go out in the part of the dimwit the in truth, truly dopey dimwit. one hardly realize him in " metro, " and it was rather a joy to be able to determine him in a role same this i feel that 1 respect him more. there be two main type of villain in movies like this: the ones that are part of the story, and the one that are gimmick. the villain in " metro " is no more than a device, but helium be a darn adept scoundrel nonetheless. he is play by michael wincott, whose voice is agitate come out in a abraded rasp, as if he smokes a butt between every take. wincott makes his villain, sandor kellner, equally mean as could represent, the classical type of villain who would press an old lady down a flight of stairs just for kicks, corresponding richard widmark in " osculation of death. " and, in add on, wincott s physical appearance and mannerisms, in the pic, actually prompt my of an self important friend i employ to have, world health organization embody no longer on my good inclination. i liked " metro, " and i do non think would have work with any former player but eddie murphy. his past role were the smashing ones only they follow also a predecessor to the maturing that would after take place, possibly from tater s growing as a person, like a shot having a fellowship. " subway " is a no - frill moving picture. it works as a buddy movie, which it suffice not ham it up. information technology works as a dry drollery, which information technology does not overplay. it works as a suspense film, which information technology cause not overplay. and it exploit as an action film, where it perform have a trend to now and then go all - away. but who wish? it still remains serious, and information technology does non exaggerate itself. oh, and there were plenty of detonation in " metro, " equally well. how nice it was of the filmmakers to apply usa those. if there is ace major objection i have to " metro ", information technology be the duration, an area where a lot of action motion picture show seem to wear out their welcomes. " subway " is a film that lasted a little too long, just information technology be nonetheless entertaining, and it gave maine something to do while i waited for information technology to cease. paul haynes " > 