disconnect the speech sound line. don ' thymine accept the bang. behave anything you can to head off the wretched, melodramatic sisterhood dramedy ` hang up up '. atomic number 53 figured i needed to get in touch with my feminine side, and ` hang upwards ' seem like an ideal chance to do so. the film features an unbelievable roof of the mouth of female talent, and the capableness behind the photographic camera brought to beware such sparkling gems as ` sleepless in seattle ' and ` unknown heroes '. meg ryan, diane keaton and lisa kudrow flirt a trine of sisters world health organization, once assort by career judgments all over family ties, must reunify when their father (walter matthau) is take into the infirmary with alzheimer ' s disease. while this may show like an optimum opportunity to rekindle their relationship and reflect with poignancy on the past tense, the handwriting by baby delia and nora ephron be exasperating, shapeless shlock teeming with emotional fakery. ` hanging up ' has the overall upshot of a tele - vender pestering you for deuce hours, while you don ' t have the option of exercise as the deed suggests. for the beginning half - hr, the ephron sisters practice telephone conversations for a basis of character exploitation. this is an irritation and inefficient device. cell - phones environ every five second, and everyone in haste cannonball along along, leaving marginal clock time for the discomfited viewer to relate to the sisters ' issues and problems. if ` hanging upwards ' comprise an orchard apple tree proto indo european, so i felt as if we were getting the mere crust of the story. grant, there are a few genuine and solemn moments in the film. but they only help to lay down that the remainder of the strained emotions are nothing only deficient dramatic muck. the most outrageous strategy in ` hanging up ' is that, after a series of largely unrealized endeavor at character development, we exist expected to demonstrate pity and courtesy toward the sisters as they join for a melodramatic finale. we are capable to identify with eve (ryan ), the almost open and care daughter, because she be the one who stayed by her father ' s side as everyone else moved ahead to pursue a impending career. empire state of the south (keaton ), the firstborn girl, is celebrating the fifth year day of remembrance of her magazine called. ... ` empire state of the south '. maddy (kudrow ), the soap opera actress, pass time either contemplating her potential path to stardom or nurse her dog. ryan ' s convincing performance and diverting cuteness make up 2 of the more agreeable aspects of ` hanging upwards '. kudrow, and then delightfully flaky as the slay - kelter airhead phoebe in ` friends ', is totally knock off. ditto mark for keaton, who is serve a double shift as co - ace and director - a clock time slot that can constitute a hard priority juggle. her frenzy is ostensible. for a chick film, there is a distressing want of chuckles. the dependable matthau is reduce to chaotic shtick that, give his character ' s situation, seems more uncheerful than amusing. still thence, the peak form of humor in ` pay heed up ' is represent by some of matthau ' s filthy quips and ryan ' s eternal battle to get the aforementioned pooch swallow a pill. that astir accounts for the three beaver state iv chuckles you volition expel during the film. my oddment get suddenly been pluck to discover how such a promising and lead - studded approach could turn thusly viciously sour. just very, it ' s no mystery. the predictable, melodramatic soil that is ` hanging improving ' is certainly not the flaw of these actress. pin information technology on the screenplay, which attempt to clear up vital issues in three operating room four hour, while drop the rest of the running time in an annoying hustle of phone conversation. it ' s certainly a far cry from what one would pronounce as a rewarding experience, but ` hang up ' should have at least live gratifying. uh - uh. it ' s a wrong routine from the beginning. 