note: some may consider portions of the following school text to live spoilers. exist forewarned. information technology ' s rather easy to pop tuning out after astir 20 minutes of finn taylor ' s first feature film, dream with the fishes, when the plodding, irksome opening sequence finally pays off with a potentially provocative frame up. any hopeful outlook, however, are soon vanquished as the film settle upon being an uninvolving mismatched - crony movie which is rarely as funny as it aspires to exist nor nearly as regard as it eventually strive to embody in the celluloid ' s latter half. the film ' s primal characters are terry (david arquette ), a depressed, lonely peeping tom who claims to be heartsick since the end of his wife in an auto accident, and nick (brad hunt ), a carefree young street tough later let on to be terminally ill. nick lives in the apartment building across from terry, who spot on the trysts between nick and girlfriend liz (kathryn erbe) with his trusty set of opera glasses, but the two young men first formally meet at the bay bridge where a half - rummy terry precariously teeters upon the edge, unconvincingly vowing self destruction. nick nonchalantly asks for terry ' s wristwatch, and finally cons terry into a patronage - the watch for a feeding bottle of pills. of course, terry bump that the tab do non end up having the presumed lethal effects, and he angrily sets out to find nick in social club to retrieve his watch. scholarship of nick ' s status (he only has a handful of hebdomad left ), terry ' s compassion kicks in, and the two eventually come to a distinctly peculiar organisation - terry will tally to bankroll the dying nick ' s lifelong fantasies, and nick leave fulfill terry ' s death wish by kill him. this is a promising premise, and mr. taylor ' s film could have gone any number of ambitious ways from this point, but he or else chooses to capitalise upon the obvious inversion of the characters (terry is a repessed, mournful character who wants to die, while nick be a free spirit with a joie de vivre who be dying but wants to live) and takes the easy route stunned by change by reversal dream with the fishes into a typical lark where the two characters engage in a series of generally dull exploits, and where the straight - laced character learns to enjoy and ppreciate life when hooked up with a quirky lineament. this embody by - the - numbers plotting, buddy movie / route picture redux. however, dream with the pisces the fishes embody to the highest degree hampered non by its uninspired storyline, but by the characters which carry the story - it help oneself in such a film to have at least 1 of the protagonists be at least somewhat empathetic, if non likable. unfortunately, that is not the sheath here, where both of the film ' southward leading characters are thorougly uninteresting and nettlesome, giving the audience very small to sympathise with their respective plights, and still less grounds to want to travel along their onscreen exploits. far from a romp, this fatal flaw makes dream with fishes more similar a job to hold out than a playful jaunt, and undermines the attempts at aroused sonorousness in the latter stages of the film as the two men begin to bail. mr. taylor ' s dialogue periodically falls flat in dream with the fishes - while attempting to catch a quirky and clever tone, it too often come up across instead as hopelessly contrived (witnesser such lines as " you should have enquire something more interesting, like ' perform you enjoy the pain? ' - see, that ' s provocative, leave elbow room for further doubt. " ) the moving picture enjoys a few inspired moments - the urn shot, a session of nude bowling, the policeman link in on terry and nick ' s acid slip - but unfortunatetely these representative be few and far between, and for the most part the humour in dream with the fishes registers more as attempts rather than real successes. this occurs particularly oftentimes during the film ' s opening sequence - as terry is wrestling the bedridden nick for his watch in the hospital, i ' thou realising that this is * intended * to be funny, although nary a smile crept upon my sassing - which is likely due to the obvious fact that it ' s painfully clear to the interview from the outset that terry is go to be spoil in his initial suicide attempts, sapping any component of surprise or amusement from nick ' s scheme of tricking him; this is not a film which has the wherewithal to bolt down off its leading star in the opening ten minutes. the total sequence be, then, clear an exercise for persona exposition, with attempts at humor terribly diminished by utter predictability. among the cast, coming dispatch best is david arquette, the current master in the portrayal of meek, squirming, stammering fresh - faced characters - helium would have been terrific as the lead for george huang ' s swimming with sharks - world health organization start out to apply his adeptness for timidity as terry. mr. taylor ambitiously employs an interesting optical technique, where the portions of the film set in an urban environment have been litigate to appear extremely farinaceous and heavily saturated, as oppose to a bright, snappy look for the smalltown scenes. the charge of dream with the fishes ' s friend being wholly unempathetic is a bit of an peculiar one coming from me; i look to have a preference for films with unappealing character, and indeed, in many cases have i been in the nonage, supporting celluloid which have been condemned as eternal due to the difficult, audience - unfriendly nature of their characters. for pipe dream with the fishes, though, i did find myself on the snotty nosed side of coin, often hoping that the film would promptly conclude, and that the nick character would just hurry up and kick the bucket. 