written by david j. schow and john shirley, based on the comic book serial and comic quran landing strip by james o ' barr. casting brandon lee, ernie hudson river, michael wincott, david patrick kelly, rochelle davis, and jon polito. mpaa military rating " r " (presumably for rape, oral communication, and violence ) running time 100 minute " looks like atomic number 2 zigged when helium should ' ve zagged. " - ernie william henry hudson, as a police officeholder comment on a suspicious expiry. funny book translations are infamous wily - - anyone upwards for a double - bill of the punisher and captain america? - - and the crow proves no exclusion. despite a porcine of safe intentions, brandon lee ' s net film doesn ' t flee rattling high. the story opens on halloween eve, good known as devil ' s nox. wilmington - as - detroit is in flaming and the police are tending to at least * one * execution: young rock candy - musician - turn - pavement - artist eric draven (lee ), found on a pavement six - stories below the apartment he was thrown from. the cops are also upstairs, administering aid to his fiance world health organization was assail and raped and not of necessity in that parliamentary procedure. she dies, the perps. escapism, and, on the button one year after, draven rises from the grave to wreak revenge. speech sound familiar? unlike charles river bronson, whose solely known superpower involves an unfitness to desist from shoot death wish sequels, lee ' s character has supernatural strength and amazing agility and can even reheal from gunshot wounds faster than robert patrick in terminator 2. by his side is his brag, the presumable source of his powers as related in the story. wearing what appears to be alice peter cooper ' entropy leftover make - upwards, robert e. lee is plopped into an underlit urban landscape that was obviously sit after batman and vane runner. simply no number of red - literature, rain down - soaked streets sack recompense for cheap fx that work the crow seem closemouthed to darkman than batman. ( the glaring miniatures should express better on telecasting, though. : ) a nod to darkman is an insult to sam raimi, though, because alex proyas dismiss ' t film a decent action view to save his life. his two " best " set - pieces - - some banzai board - elbow room butchery and a cool christian church - roof sword fight - - be as well undercut by the awful redaction of dov hoenig and scott smith. blame enounce editors for the film ' mho frightful flashback, equally well. just the pace be spry, thank idol, and every good - mind - turned - bad is over before it begin. the cast is unspoiled than it should be. ernie hudson is a good choice as a favorable policeman and helium gets off most of the film ' s funnier line. newcomer rochelle bette davis does intimately as both the narrator and draven ' s scrappy ward. jon polito has a small, succulent purpose as pungent pawnbroker. and michael wincott work a distinct notion as a long - haired mr. big whose collection of ancient - swords makes him seem like he walked into the film from the trailer to highlander troika. there fanny be only one. finally, at that place ' s brandon lee, son of robert the bruce lee, and a 28 - yr - old heighten - star world health organization embody fatally shot during shoot down. richard henry lee had four spot films to his name - - kung fu: the movie, laser mission, showdown in little toyko, and rapid fervor - - and the bragging would ' ve been a nice feather in his belt and that ' s about information technology. there ' s nothing swell from him here - - just a good performance that owe as much to mien as power. when the sound reflection of that gunshot lastly fades, watch the crow should prove an still * to a lesser extent * remarkable experience. despite a healthy dose of liquid body substance and some surprising serious mindedness, the crowing is still merely a couple pass above its straight - to - video crony. for now, maybe it ' s an appropriate eulogy to an actor world health organization could only get well. 