tv ' s buffy finds herself on the former side of the supernatural spectrum in " just resistless. " sarah michelle gellar, that never - ceasing crusader against never - ending evil every tues night on the wb network, here play a down - on - her - fortune chef suspect of dabbling in witchcraft after her flailing restaurant receive help in the form of as if by magic scrumptious meals. taste test results: some vampire slaying, though prohibited of place, would have really enliven this excruciating moving picture upward. " simply resistless " is in reality quite easy to refuse, a disaster of culinary and former proportion pretty a lot from the opening on. gellar ' s amanda finds herself falling for harried henri bendel white house tom (sean saint patrick flannery of pulverisation) around the same time she discovers an preternatural ability to mystically certify emotions in her cooking, a secret ingredient that arouses both his interest in her and the world ' s in her tiny tribeca eatery. all this love and sorcery have a lot to perform with the telekinetic cancer that also figures into the taradiddle, a tale that at times play like an american spin on 1993 ' s mexican graeco roman " like water supply for chocolate. " several remainder: ace, " like pee " didn ' thyroxin get a telekinetic crab, and two, " like water " was a unspoilt motion picture. " simply irresistible, " on the former hand, be about every bit challenging as an easy - bake oven. amateurishly shit scenes cancel each other out in their badness, from an embarrassing seduction in a literal vanilla fog to an impromptu saltation sequence where turkey cock and amanda get along their best fred and gingery - though fred and ginger never claim persona in anything this garish. the intrusive musical score distracts from the compressed dialog at regular interval, just information technology ' s non alike you ' re were going to miss much. in fact, take away the few instances of salty language and this get made - for - disney channel write all over information technology. but a legal age of " simply irresistible " ' s resistibility constituent has less to do with the afore - mentioned overkill than the bland lead - tom and amanda be so thin and ambiguously defined that at that place ' s scarcely no fun rooting for their inevitable " happily ever after. " nor act the otherworldly top executive that process to bring them in concert make gumption, so we ' re left with a ho - hum relationship based on enchanted eclairs; it ' s not going to last retentive, people. perhaps sensing this, the film producer have piled on eldritch supporting characters for acting veterinary surgeon corresponding betty buckley, bob dylan baker and patricia clarkson, but they don ' liothyronine give out anywhere either. in fact, aught in " simply irresistible " goes anywhere pull through for gellar, and she doesn ' t operate somewhere thusly much as you wish she ' cholecalciferol go _somewhere_ - similar to a better movie. already proving major talent with relatively few big - and small - screen roles, she ' s the sole understanding this overcooked souffle international relations and security network ' tonne completely primed for the garbage disposal, looking shattering in her todd oldham - contrive duds and investing much more in her perfunctory piece than she ever gets in return. it ' s for certain a dish best non served in it ' s current consideration, but one dismiss just guess that, without gellar, " simply irresistible " would be strictly unwatchable. 