tim burton has now make out his evolution from the brilliant theatre director of macabre stories about friendless individuals yearn for acceptance, and into a studio rascal whose public figure is use as part of multi - tiered marketing materials for crap movies. and here he hits rock bottom, with major planet of the apes. i didn ' mt expect a great deal from this latest " rendering " of pierre boulle ' s classic novel major planet of the apes. i mean, how could you top the force and impact of the original film, intelligently co - scripted by rod serling (of twilight zone fame) combine with the overbear chuck heston growling and yelling at those " damn muddy apes, " in 1 of his best roles of his career? sadly, i sat downwards to watch burton ' s version of planet of the apes and within the foremost 20 moment, i equal checking my watch and my girlfriend (a fully grown fan of the original film) started to nod off. this time around, the story plays come out of the closet like a cross between enemy mine, braveheart, and project x. marky mark wahlberg, world health organization was enjoyable in boogie nights and the corrupter, plays leo davidson, a hot shot u. s. zephyr force pilot. lion and his crowd embody in search of some mysterious charismatic storm (no real explanation given in the motion picture) and leo sends one of his genetically altered " smart " chimps into the storms to collect data. lion and his work party lose communication with the chimp, leo hop in another ship to find the monkey, and then atomic number 2 ' s thrown through some type of clock time - infinite wormhole which crashes land on the 20th century fox studio backlot, all mocked upwards to look like the amazon jungle. lion end upward aim captured by a group of talking apes and is sold to a slave trader named limbo (paul giamatti) world health organization in turn sells leo to a chimpanzee identify ari (helena bonham jimmy carter ). the form ari and so help leo and his fellow human race escape to the mountains to find leo ' s ship. along the way, monkeys played by tim roth (overacting his role of a roughshod general key thade) and michael clarke duncan (world health organization further enhances his career by playing another heavy in a bad action mechanism movie) strive out to hunt down leo and his band of human brute, just like battlefield earth! in the ending, it all culminates into another braveheart rive - cancelled human versus ape battle scene. while rick bread maker ' s makeup work be amazing, the script is a pathetic hotchpotch (courtesy of leash author ), the acting is horrible, and the " surprisal " ending feels same a swing music from a ball - peen hammer into the temple. wahlberg does non have the forcible surgery mental presence of a chuck heston to carry the film or any of it natural action sequences. this remaking, or re - interpretation, as tim burton has extol it, is an vilification to the intelligence service and wit of the original moving picture show. the honorable arguments astir the equality of coinage, fascism, and military buildup make been replaced by tremendous amounts of ridiculous dialogue, an unimaginative narrative structure, and a romance between a monkey and a human. even chuck heston ' s anti - gun tirade (in the first state rigeur cameo) seems shallow and jokey. but the master element miss from this tim burton pic is tim burton. still though his name is plaster across every billboard in america, john badham could feature directed this motion picture show. even joel schumacher could have directed this film. he plausibly should have. burton ' s predominant topic of rejection, isolation, and the search for one ' s place in the universe, as seen in ed wood, edward scissorshands, and make - wee ' s bragging adventure, are completely scatty in this major planet. single think that ' s what happen when a great conductor gets sucked through a wormhole. 