the improbable british actor derek jacobi stars in writer and director john maybury ' s dearest is the devil about the popular modernistic artist francis bacon. as constantly, jacobi ' s playacting is impeccable, merely the motion picture show try arduous and succeeds at being unentertaining and opaque. the movie convincingly argues that francis, played by jacobi, be a completely unworthy and egotistic single, but it never provides any perceptiveness into his work or any motivating for his attitude. when interview by a fawning talk show host, francis bid his style " chance brushstrokes. " begin with a burglary of francis ' s matted, the film uses loud sound effects that sound alike they be lifted from a loud horror movie. the camera stab are heavy on the avant - garde slant - - stack of wide - slant close - ups and distorted shots filmed through colored - glass reflections. the theatre director embody much more concerned in filmmaking fashion than in the marrow of the story with the result being a sterile exam of a lonely and futile adult male. book of the prophet daniel craig, in a lifeless performance, plays the burglar and boxer, george dyer. when francis lays eye on him after the break - in, francis promise non to call the police if he ' ll stay for sex. he stays for the intact picture only never prise the man with whom he shares a bottom. he thinks that francis ' s painting have " no bloody usance, " and the motion picture face no counterargument. writer maybury barely outlines francis ' s character, and george and the residuum of the sustain mold remain a complete enigma. we find out little of george other than francis ' s reason for care him - - george ii ' s " amorality and innocence. " francis ' s love of sadomasochism is present early and often. " boxing be such a terrific aperitif for sexual urge, " he reflects to george on the way to see a boxing match. as the champion ' s head is sliced open with a arduous blow, the camera cut to a gleeful francis whose ain head be soaked by the flying blood. francis appear to be in complete ecstasy. another of francis ' s favorite activities be viewing older movies of atrocities. as the carnage saddle horse, we see an orgasmically happy francis in the audience. in a plastic film that tries compulsively to shock, one ambition sequence portrays a family in a car fortuity. francis ' s mind slowly examine every bloody limb of the female parent, the don, and the boy. sometimes the book throws us tidbits of francis ' s wiseness which elucidate little while merely sound insightful. ( " i ' thousand optimistic by nature. 1 ' m affirmative about nothing. " " loneliness is my alone honest fellow. " ) we watch more than point about francis ' s makeup techniques than about the man himself. he prefers shoe polish for his hair and swallow hole cleaning pulverization for his dentition. full of metaphorical interpretations, the film ' second best prospect come late unmatchable night when george make to get upward to croak to the bathroom. mistaking francis ' s picture of a toilet for the genuine article, he take a leak on it and and so crawl back into bed contentedly. like a spoof of a bad art house motion picture show, love represent the monster has horrid characters take bizarrely and confusingly by a manager who be much more interested in technique than storytelling. by the end, the hearing hasn ' t learned any more than it could have in a tercet - minute vignette. love is the devil runs single: xxx. the movie is non rated but should be considered nc - 17 for violence, profanity, graphic sexual activity, nudity and sadomasochism and constitute unacceptable for most teenagers. 