" book " should have remained in shadow book of shadows: blair beldame 2 a cinema review by michael redman copyright 2000 by michael redman certain thing in our lives are inevitable. end, sorrow, beloved, heartache, pain, joy. we require these events. we know they ' re going to pass off and some, we even look forward to. it ' s part of the human consideration. we have also become accustomed to inevitable occurrences in our order. as we approach the crepuscule election, various of them are hitting us in the aspect. politicians exaggerate their ain importance. our position is perpetually right; theirs is always wrong. in the end, voters represent usually forced to pick out the lesser of two whocares. in hollywood the one incontestable inevitable comprise that if a moving picture show makes big money, there will make up a sequel. even if the original history doesn ' t merit one. still if the maiden film personify complete in itself. even if success represent a fluke. " the tony blair witch projection " be made with a budget of $ one. 75 and exploded on the screen, raking in huge profits. the concept was superb. the filmmaker created a remarkable buzz that the tale might make up real. the film itself be still more convincing. the movie _must_ equal authentic. why else would such amateurish footage be on the swelled screen? the first film caught lightning in a bottle. the continuation raise you can ' t pour that onetime lightning into a new bottle. you have to commit this endeavor some credit. it would take be promiscuous to have made the like movie once more with a new group of kids. it would have been leisurely, but of trend, information technology wouldn ' tetraiodothyronine get worked. instead " koran of phantasma " acknowledges the initiative film as a movie and concentrates on the hysteria pursue it release. information technology ' s a large dodge and possibly the solitary entertaining path to do a sequel. unfortunately information technology doesn ' t work either. five youngster spend the nox in the woods at the scene of the 1st film. weird clobber happens and they retreat to an old factory where unrivalled of them lives. even uncanny stuff happens. some mass die, in that location ' s blood and knives and none of the characters have a salt lick of unwashed sensory faculty. while supposedly doing sober research, the grouping fix up a circle of surveillance cameras in the ruins of the old house in the woods and vow to appease alert all dark awaiting a tribulation. then they proceed to get totally trashed on drug and alcohol and party low with very loud, real objectionable heavy metal music. it ' s a spoilt program. the mould shows some former promise. a duo is do research on a " anthony charles lynton blair witch " book. the tour usher be a former mental patient role turned ebay aficionado. a goth amazon princess add up a moment of comedic relief. the obligatory hot babe be the 2000 phantasmal cinematic descendent of the cute hippie chick, the cute rock and roll chick and the cute discotheque chick: the cute wiccan chick. the world class flick ' s unaccomplished doer came across as real multitude in a real position because hours and hours of video be shot during clarence day in the grant wood. this time, these unaccomplished worker just come crossways as unaccomplished actors. there ' s non one character you wish astir when they part shout for no reason. although what pass for a secret plan starts out with a solid idea, it ' s bankrupt by poor implementation. the follow - up to unrivalled of the most successful horror films ever make up nothing more than than a bad slasher flick. they ' ray trapped in an quondam big weird firm. they stupidly tell apart into various rooms. there equal strange noises, they determine scary apparitions and people vanish. always see this movie? veteran documentary film director joe berlinger should know better. the film features mostly brassy fast one and unneeded gore. for a plot line fill up with surprises, it ' s oddly predicable. " the tony blair witch projection " was a rare victory of style over inwardness. " the script of vestige " is a triumph of tedium over hope. 