although i had not be a viewer of the " rugrats " idiot box series, i pass away into their foremost renovate feature film, " the rugrats motion picture, " with a confirming attitude. the trailer search precious enough, after all. after seeing it, i intend the words in my recent " antz " review, in which one stated that it was the bad film of its type since 1995 ' s " the pebble and the penguin, " be a second premature. " the rugrats picture, " is bottom - of - the - barrel nipper ' sulphur menu at it worst, and start to reach, " antz " look good in comparability. as in the show, " the rugrats movie, " be about a radical of real little friends, rank from child to a troika - year - old. the head of the group, tommy mess (due east. g. day by day ), becomes distraught when his mother has a newborn child make dill (find information technology? dill fix? .. . hardee - har - har!) and is informed by his trey - year - old full cousin, anjelica (cheryl chase ), that the new babies always engage all of the care away from the other child. when the other children, chuckie, and twins lil and phil, suggest taking dill rearward to the hospital, tommy go along with it, but on their way at that place, they crash in the forest, and get lost, running into hugo wolf and genus circus monkeys, among other thing. " the rugrats picture, " judge from the idea of being lose in the woods, could have been a potentially fun family film, and there embody many different things that could have been done with the story. so what did the writer choose to do? wherefore, they set up a prolonged, cliched scenery where the children most go over a falls, of line! for the youngest of nipper (age 3 - septet ), " the rugrats movie, " whitethorn really well entertain them, judging from the hearing i get wind this with. of course, if you looked around at all of the older nipper and their parents, they embody all urgently struggling to stay awake, and that included me. for an grownup, " the rugrats motion picture, " is a piece of food waste. the plotline is unoriginal and the writing has perfectly no brain operating theater charm. there isn ' t one laugh to live had in the pic, nor is there any excitement. if anything is still marginally good in the picture, it be the bright animation style, so it is specially unfortunate that information technology wasn ' t to serve a more character picture. " the rugrats film " be doa from the start. i live all for a worthwhile family movie, simply sometimes an alive cinema comes along that is simply awful. as said before, youthful children may care it, but even they deserve well than this. for adults, information technology is a almost intolerable, excruciating chore to sit through with. as for maine, " the rugrats movie, " be non the bad of the year, nor be it the virtually deeply hated, but it is the most ho hum. parents: make yourselves a favor and take your kids to image the rerelease of, " the sensation of oz. " that be a picture that carry a great deal of magic and wonder, ii thing of which, " the rugrats flick, " is whole missing. 