a sensuous romantic comedy, about equally appealing as your average lightweight tv situation comedy. there is no special ingredient on the menu for what be dished out, its the kind of stuff i ' ve seen before and be made queasy by it silly theme of beloved and what information technology thinks is funny. the film plans to exploit the beauty and sweetness of it delectable star topology pen? lope cruz, world health organization plays a brazilian chef with a magical touch for bringing out the spices in her preparations, the aromas just sensually waft from her cooking potentiometer, but who can ' t get by on feeling alone in this transparently predictable story. pen? lope was wonderful in pedro almod? volt ampere ' s " all about my mother, " but here she is so visible in such a stale story, where she can only smile and tease the audience by having the states see a constant battery of segmentation shots as she bends when cooking, that she somehow look silly, as if she got egg wholly over her face. the good you hind end sound out about her, is that she ' s non to blame for this picture being and then off. this exploitation of gender film without still delivering nakedness beaver state sex activity, cost in my opinion, worst than a raunchy film that delivers what it tell it will. the narration is all about the love, motion sickness, and ready power of isabella (cruz ), who is born in bahia, brazil and learn to cook at an early long time from her parent ' cook. to cure her motion illness, her parent tried every remedy, until they endure to a medium world health organization beg to the goddess of the sea for her cure. she is able to ensure it now equally long as she doesn ' t drive a gondola, ride elevator, follow in dancing, and be the char on top when making passion. in other words, she has to be in mastery of things. in her small fishing townsfolk she falls in love with a handsome macho latin waiter, toninho oliveira (murilo ben? cio) and marries him. they open up up a successful eating place, where she slave away in the kitchen but atomic number 2 gets all the credit for it, yet though he ' s a loafer. one nox she catches him in bed with another girl and decides to leave for san francisco. we don ' t ensure her in trajectory, so i can ' t enjoin how she plow her motion sickness problem - - unless she flew the plane. she visits her friend ' s apartment monica (harold perrineau jr. ), world health organization is a cross - toilet table, blending decently into the san francisco scene. to cast away her passion for the irresistible toninho, she calls her spiritualist ally and gets her to cast an irreversible tour, release her from ever bang him over again. her luck change when a local tv manufacturer drop (mark feurerstein) gets a whiff of her cooking and storms into her cooking class as if were in a magical spell and portray her with her ain live tv cooking show. you can really write the script from here on by yourself. .. as the despondent toninho begins to realize what a secure thing he had, but thing proceed to go bad for him: there is a curse he caused on the fishing in his village, there is no chef to replace his wife, as the eatery is about to close up for good. so helium comes to san francisco, figuring he can charm her again. he brings along with him his guitar playing musicians, the ones he used when courting her, when helium serenaded her under her windowpane. he see his wife on telecasting with monica as her sidekick, the yuppie television producer chasing after her, and insure that she is no longer catch by him. when he sneaks on her tv appearance set and endeavour to woo her with his musical group and him singing corny love songs to her, the ratings go up and he ' s rent as a regular on the show. the appearance gets so big, that the mesh honchos come onboard, taking information technology national. but they want to change the ethnic savor of the show, get rid of monica because he ' s a monster, make isabella james cook with tabasco instead of the brazilian peppers she utilize, and they vary her ethnic dresses to low - cut vanna livid type of sexy dresses. drop, her would - live boyfriend, acts creepy and sides with the network bighearted - dead reckoning, yet though helium sleep with everything she did. these television scenes were not entirely bad stereotype scenes of tv boss, they be revolting. it was an abuse to unmatched ' s intelligence information. i ' m sure that i ' m not spoiling the end for anyone, when i tell you that toninho reforms his butch ways and unitedly they cook up a meal that break her spell of jazz him again. if the film wasn ' t unspeakable enough, monica and drop number on their attraction for each former and become lovers. information technology was thus awkwardly done, that it had no sense of truth operating theatre temper to it. this film might every bit well have be made by the same meshwork guys featured in this film, because it doesn ' t look or feel like an almod? volt ampere moving picture show, the character of film information technology aspired to exist, but more like a motion picture that represent interferred with from above. its to a greater extent like a bootless commercial picture that live to a greater extent annoying than charming and more dull than chic, as information technology research for box office heaven. 