the new austin world power moving picture continues a movie custom begin in the eighties. green groceries something, anything, that will get the high school and junior in high spirits kids in the field because they buy more soda and popcorn than older citizen. the usual hallmarks of this filmmaking tradition live all here. gross humor, sex prank, silly spy gags, more than sex jocularity. and the picture show is a strong contender in the current race to constitute cruder, grosser and more outrageous than that final movie. what the film personify non, however, is funny. the plot of land heart and soul around the payoff of dr. immorality, who goes back in time to steal austin powers ' mojo (a liquid with red stuff in information technology extracted from capital of texas ' s pelvis) which gives austin his intimate artistry and the charisma to defeat his enemies. austin must go after him, and returns to the vacillation sixties where free honey and sexy secret agents had their heyday. iodine almost avoided this film because i did non like the original. but the films premiss sounded corresponding an excellent comical vehicle and the film received many unspoilt reviews. i wish i take stick to my first imprint. myers is hear to be the jerry lewis of this generation. and he receive the gift to do information technology, at least as an actor. but the material helium is work with hither, much of it his own, falls short of anything resemble comic star. this motion picture show tries to stockpile the day with survey gags about drinking distilled feces, a five - hundred - pound fat man ' s behind snap, and a barrage of gender trick aspire at the level of the average 15 yr old. after some of these scenes, nonpareil let to question how gross the following generation of films testament have to go to get an audiences attention. the direction also helps the moving picture reach a new low point in cinematic humor. for the most section, i felt as if i personify take in a saturday morning chalderns live action tv show. in that location is no sense of comic timing surgery subtlety. the director just throws the textile at us, giving atomic number 92 nothing except the bob hope that anyone with a camera could personify a film director. i am sure the cinema will experience charm to many of the under 22 crowd, at least the one ' s who get yet to detect literacy. certainly the movie be guide towards the generation that prefers everything name as ' in your nerve, kick you in the tooth, subscribe to no prisoners, (action - verb + rant blah rant ). ' if you see the film and you find you ' re not laughing, in that location is nothing haywire with you. it just means you grow upward since 7th grade. 