fact that charles bronson represents one of the most important movie icons of the eighties represent one of the big and most tragical ironies of that decade. tragedy lie in the fact that the icon status was earned less by calibre of his study in movies, but the quantity. most of those movies represent give rise by cannon group, company lead by israeli producer menahem golan and yoram globus. those two men in all probability thought that they could be the side by side roger corman, vitamin b complex - movie mentors of succeeding hollywood legend. unluckily, that didn ' tetraiodothyronine happened, and when cannon finally went bankrupt at the end of the decade, behind it stood the huge pile of cinematic drivel, that would require at least few century before information technology reaches the camp appeal. sadly for bronson, that garbage too hold back numerous movies in which that capable character thespian and action hoagy of the 1970s tried to raise their worth just by live the main lead, and turn down his own reputation in cognitive process. on the other hand, bronson could select comfort in a fact that those movies be passing popular, peculiarly among the consultation 3 operating room quaternion time younger than bronson himself. one of such movies that seriously mar bronson ' s report is death wish threesome, third sequel in the series which began with death wish in 1974. in the original picture show, bronson played st. paul kersey, soft - mannered new york architect who turns into deadly street vigilante after his family fell victim to urban vehemence. that movie was far from masterpiece; withal, in it the film director michael winner be skilfully offer the cinematic remedy for rattling real disease of growing criminal offense rates of the time (on the like lines like siegel in dirty harry ). unfortunately, sestet years later cannon group set about rights to the case of paul kersey and began destroying it by pumping proscribed sequels; still the presence of information technology original director didn ' t block up the speedy decline of the quality. death wish 3 begin when kersey comes to visit an onetime friend, living in the urban wasteland of east fresh york, populated by young criminals and mass too onetime or likewise piteous to propel out. before the reunion, kersey ' s acquaintance decrease dupe to the street gang head by evil fraker (played by gavan atomic number 8 ' herlihy, probably the only notable purpose in the film ). kersey decides to revenge his death and lento prepares for his drive, while the police inspector shriker (ed lauter ), ants to habituate him as a secret weapon in his losing war against the urban crime. bronson, the main asset in this picture, plays the case who be nothing more than an efficient cleanup political machine. although bronson ' s charisma does help in whelm some implausibilities (single man in his 60s and gird with a individual pistol manages to wipe out dozens of opponent with superior firepower ), the lack of emotion or bronson ' s own dedication could comprise seen in a very few lines spoken in a film. the movie authors were more or less aware of that excited shallowness, so they added romanticist interest for their hero - public defender toy by deborah raffin and conveniently give the axe in order to apply some more motif for kersey ' s crusade. on the other hand, emotions are much better played by face law - abiding, yet ethnically stereotyped citizens with their daily nemesis of street punks - ruthless enough to practise their reign of terror on the entire city block, and dazed enough to be down in droves by kersey. unfortunately, michael winner doesn ' t know how to do work verboten the secret plan, and after torturing the viewers with largely uninteresting part and cliched and formulaic situations, terminate this motion picture with a bang. the big showdown at the end - that turns east raw york into the sarajevo - similar battle partition - is probably the bad office of the movie, because of the piteous editing and the cheap sets and props that give away the low budget. in short, this movie could be recommended only to the most overzealous charles bronson fans operating room for the citizenry world health organization are already desperate for 1980s nostalgia. ( extra banker's bill for trekkies: marina sirtis, the actress world health organization played counsellor deanna troi in star trek: the next coevals could live spotted in a small function of portorican married woman ). 