anna and the king be at least the fourth moving picture show adaptation of margaret landon ' randomness fact free base new the tycoon and i, and it ' s heavy, expensive and soulless. though good - take care, it lavish sets, fancy costumes and luscious motion picture photography fanny coiffure little to pay off for the emotional wasteland that is peter krikes and steve meerson ' s script. so much money was spent on pretty pictures that they forget to actually stool the movie interesting. this is jodie foster ' s first movie since the jaw - droppingly brilliant tangency came out more than two years ago and it isn ' t the best alternative to render off her acting chop shot. she ' siemens trapped in the stoic role of anna leonowens, the uptight, widowed british school teacher who issue forth to siam (today thailand) with her son to instruct the king ' sec (chow yun - fat) logos in the path of the west (because " the ways of england are the ways of the world ). the male monarch likes her so much helium put her in charge of develop the whole royal stag family (fifty eight kids with ten more than in the way; impressive, no? ). the eldest prince is none as well glad astir this (" father, make i offend you in some agency? wherefore do you punish pine tree state with imperialist schoolteacher? ), but before long engender to know anna and her stern - mother - who - loves - you personality better and comes to like her. meanwhile, siam comes under attack from the neighbor british settlement of burma. the king and his close consultant suspect that this is britain ' south practise which energize distrust in siam, putting anna in an uncomfortable position. she is not sure what to pull in of this and seems to herself suspect british engagement in the crisis but works to diffuse the king ' s preconception. he, though self - righteous as ever, can ' t avail but be influenced by the fluent anna and they easy, restfully, produce affections for each former. there is a scene in the middle of anna and the king where single of the billie jean king ' s untried daughters dies. it ' s your classic deathbed scene, with the girl ' s mournful eyes stare at her male parent, world health organization tries only when semi - successfully to maintain his composure. anna then comes in and yell a bit. the episode was there for a function: to elicit a hard emotional response from the viewer. i ' m normally a sucker for such scenes and yet this sentence, i was just sit around there, my emotions untouched. this remains true through all of the film which continue emotionally barren. we never uprise connections to the characters; ne'er given a reason to care. this ludicrously long heroic poem was directed by andy tennant, whose last film be always after, one and only of my favorites of 1998. iodin coiffe non doubt tennant ' s ability to put together a comely movie, but anna and the king, aside from being psychologically inept is also technologically deficient. the exercise set and scenery be gorgeous, simply the camerawork does nothing to convey its grandeur. still terrence malick managed to do more than with flora and fauna in his otherwise abysmal the thin red dividing line than tennant can rally from $ seventy five million worth of props and a shoot in malaysia. we feel like the camera is throttle to information technology immediate point of vista; there exist no wide cover dig operating room sweeping zooms to fill us with larger - than - living awe. iodine like both foster and yun - fat, who give entertaining if not terribly involving performance in the two lead roles. foster ' s mostly stoic persona serves her fountainhead hither, as she is playing a earmark, formal and kinda underdeveloped character. yun - fatty tissue is especially effective, perfectly convey the king of kingdom of thailand ' s sangfroid permeated with fierce outbursts. what does anna and the king in is it inability to involve the viewer in its fictitious character and situations. the cast is great, the director is talented, and the budget is overgenerous, but this inauspicious - well advised remaking of the classic rogers and hammerstein movie is unable to utilize any of those things to form a compelling whole. this be an emotionless costume epic. 