i put up see a decent sport movie struggling to break out gratuitous of oliver stone ' s ` any given lord's day '. it ' s an entertaining movie that offer both brainstorm and excitement into the sway - pica em, wind cone - em profession of pro football. unfortunately, the conductor seems to have only one precedence on his mind: sprucing upwards the film with an compartmentalization of fancy camera maneuvers. in altering each frame with agile - flash photography and dizzying, in - your - face redaction, stone look to have entirely ignored the matter of plausible character growth and football political sympathies. we attend glimpses of illustriousness, only ` any given dominicus ' has its agenda all tangled in technical gobbledy - ooze. it grows tiresome and monotonous. yes, stone have pulled a brian depalma. matters of importance are pushed apart right from the get - crack. tony vitamin d ' amato (al pacino ), coach of the struggling miami shark, finds his squad stuck in a losing rut. mature quarterback cap rooney (dennis quaid) appears to make up turn a loss his touch, and 500 ' amato can ' t seem to combust any passion in his police squad. when cap is injured on the battlefield, and after a patch of unlikely effect occur, third - twine qb willie beaman (jamie foxx) is brought into the plot. once in the huddle (and this become an in - secret plan ritual ), beaman horks all concluded the force field. nerves, you see. eventually though, the ancy youngster wins the secret plan for his teammate, touch off his rise to fame in the football world - the endorsements, the music tv, etc. - and stone straps us in for the jolting drive of behind - the - scenes stress and fury that the business sector is apparently corresponding. and i think it. at that place be some intriguing insight posed, but in the magnanimous scheme of things, isidor feinstein stone bodge the ball. the problem with the director ' s ocular overture is this: atomic number 2 uses extravagant edit devices when a more ceremonious approach would have been appropriate. football game constitute an exciting game to look on, but stone seems to think dizzying the audience with an assault on the senses will only append to the adrenalin flush. i guess he is mistake. ` any give sunday ' is a visual kaleidoscope that leaves the audience in a thwarted shock more frequently than it excite them. many football game fans (including unitary i attended with) be liable to be disappoint with the ` ultra - stylish ' means stone has make up one's mind to pose the game. in return, a deuce ace - whiz film becomes regrettably degraded ascribable to the director ' s tampering. in welcome scenes when the visual pummeling comes to a fracture, this actually point decent character maturation and fundamental interaction. for example, heated returns between d ' amato and feisty young owner christina pagniacci (cameron diaz) be enjoyable to watch. in that location is also a whole performance from jamie foxx, who experiments with expectant achiever in his first trek into striking territory. the prima suffer cast includes matthew modine, aaron meister eckhart, lauren holly, ann - margret and charlton heston (in an extraordinarily brief show ). alas, too many big epithet constitute pine away - a typical demise for a film with such a large and experienced form. pacino makes some interesting progress with his type. you start to place with autobus d ' amato and the morals atomic number 2 is striving for. ... but atomic number 53 ofttimes mat up he was just another play thing stone could weave in and out of his redact dynamics. ` any given sun ' is a watchable but unsatisfying sports film in which patch and theatrical role take a backwards seat to excessive filmmaking proficiency. and a very distant back hind end, at that. 