one of these days, i ' ll make adept on my promise never to rent another niels henrik abel ferrara movie. billie jean king of new york and body snatchers notwithstanding (and bad police lieutenant be but fit for a individual, emotive viewing ), his using flick have fallen into a rut of grey haired graphics - house trappings. information technology ' s a perfume - drenched, coke - addled visit to the seedy erotica workshop, where beautiful models (no, hookers - - no, paramour) show you through with the silk curtain. ferrara ' s only if consistently overbold move has been casting christopher walken complete and over once again, since walken can make a respectable movie great and a revolting movie indestructible whenever he ' s onscreen. his octonary - minute conniption in the addiction is the pull through grace of that otherwise abysmal, unwatchable, and ostentatious nonstarter. when he starts talking about his vampiric gut movements, or question whether lili deems taylor has always read naked lunch, there ' s a much - needed dose of humor in an differently terminally unfunny thing. you know those gothic club kids who are too cool to smile and countenance you bang they ' re actually having fun? the addiction is that movie. walken, sadly, does not come along in the blackout. the central role of matty, a junkie picture show star whose lightning paced hollywood life among the beautiful people is inevitably leading to his destruction, live played by matthew modine (who takes what he can produce after cutthroat island ). much like the protagonists of michelangelo buonarroti antonioni ' s terminally bored cultural elite, matty be involved in a bitter pill " human relationship " with high fashioned model annie (at least 1 believe she ' s a model. ) matty ' s noblewoman is played by french actress b? atrice dalle, arrested twice for cocaine possession during filming of the blackout - - not that you needed to know that, but it lends credence to the idea that ferrara ' s entire oeuvre has been filmed in a fucking brownout. no kidding. dirge for a dream has goose egg on the junky presentations seen in ferrara ' s movies and his controversial urban lifestyle. matty and annie struggle complete her decision to have an abortion without consulting him. no uncertainty, he be off chasing the firedrake. in his despair, matty indulges in a chemical induced weekend of riot, tooling around the streets of miami with video filmmaker mick wayne (dennis hopper, in full " dirty ol ' piece " mold smacking models on the ass and telling them to spread their legs. wider! ) toward the final stage of the night, they pluck upwards a teenage waitress besides named annie (sarah lassez ), start shooting a hastily improvised sexual scene, and then matty gratefully shirley temple away. something happened that night which haunts him throughout the rest of the picture, and information technology ' s exactly what you cogitate it was. suffice to aver, there ' s some confusion complete whether atomic number 2 killed annie 1 oregon annie two, or anyone at all. the blackout be typical ferrara: no plot to utter of, plenty of raunch, and horribly vogue images of matthew modine downing a bottle of jack daniels and a beer while wrapping himself in a see - through curtain in his hotel way by the sea, by the sea, by the beautiful sea. cinematographer ken kelsch finds discrepant glory in alternating gorgeous painterly sunset with docu - style sleaze (and we ' re back to dennis hopper leering at girls in bathing courtship. " yeah! !! yeah! !! arrrghhh! " says mister. hopper. dirty old sod. ) it ' s compulsive showing in a trashy sort of way, leading to a idiotic climax where modine seize control of his destiny. how ' s that for cryptic? never reverence - - ferrara finds clip for some female full frontal nudity to cue us what he ' s all about. i can picture it directly. " claim remove yer clothes, kid - - it ' s essential to depict the inner vortex of my central supporter, and you ' re his visual id. you ' re the soul, the heart, the blood stream of the picture. admit it off! consume information technology all off! !! ha ha hour angle! " friggin ' vampire. yeah, you, ferrara. a net word astir matthew modine: he ' s actually a fine actor when properly cast of characters, simply in that respect ' s something besides squeaky - clean in his demeanor. atomic number 2 ' s ideally suit for sarcastic men in tightly controlled situations, such as his private joker in full metallic element jacket or the time - bomb nebbish in little cuts (who is every bit as superb as julianne moore in that famous scene, though no one look to notice him ). [ helium be in that scene? - erectile dysfunction. ] here, he ' s inquire to allow it all hang knocked out, sporting a leash - day stubble and oily bangs. he throws around furniture like henry m. stanley kowalski, but it ' s somehow lacking. modine lacks the feral intensity of brando, all miscast in ferrara ' s flesh carnival. better luck next metre, lusterlessness. someday, you ' ll be forgive for cutthroat island, which wasn ' t really your faulting in the first place. maybe atom egoyan volition find a place for you someplace, and all bequeath formerly again be well in your world. 