the oecumenical ' s girl will probably be the cleverest dazed photographic film we ' ll see this year - - oregon perhaps the stupidest clever plastic film. information technology ' s confusing to a critic when so a good deal knuckleheaded plotting and pretentious direction shares the screenland with so much brisk dialogue and crisp character fundamental interaction. that, however, is what happens when fabled screenwriter william goldman claim a pas at an otherwise brutally predictable conspiracy thriller. the punch - upwards punch lines are ever on the verge of convince you the ecumenical ' entropy daughter has a brain in its caput, even as the remaining 75% of the narrative punches you in the face with its lack of common sentience. our grinder is warrant officer paul brenner, a brash investigator for the uracil. s. u. s. army ' s criminal investigation partitioning. his recent case represent the murder of captain elisabeth campbell (leslie stefanson) at a georgia al qa'ida, the victim establish tie to the ground after an apparent intimate violation and strangling. perplex the case is the fact that capt. joseph campbell be the girl of general joe campbell (james river cromwell ), a war hero and potential vice - presidential nominee. cosmopolitan campbell wants to keep the case ko'd of the jam, which gives brenner merely the 36 hours before the fbi steps in. teamed with rape investigator sarah sunhill (madeleine stowe) - - world health organization, coincidentally plenty, once had a romantic relationship with brenner - - brenner begin uncovering dark secrets from the late captain ' second past that make the typeface of all time to a greater extent sordid. if just the sordidness were the regretful of the general ' s girl ' s problems. scenes of sexual degredation do linger much long than necessary, their trifling dramatic value sweep over by filtered - luminousness sleaze. managing director simon the canaanite west probable thinks he ' s cover himself by juxtapose these persona of fierceness with sweet heyday, but all he does is prove himself dependent on visual cliches, which is the film ' s fatal flaw. it ' s a course helium preserve for ii hours, taking the story ' s few virtues and slap a pelage of cretin - proof obviousness over them. characters who may (nictitate nictitation) turn out to be villain be photographed in ominous shadow; cutaway inserts of the captain joseph campbell ' s still - live face after the corpse is exposed insure against quint - minute care spans. mae west just prat ' t help himself from overdirecting every minute of the general ' s daughter. he still turns a tantrum of footage shown on cnn into an excuse for slow - fade edits. bubbling up from this overcooked stew be enough tasty lines to distract you from information technology odor. the slickest scene find brenner squaring off with headwaiter joseph campbell ' s mentor, a psychological war expert named moore (james sir henry wood ). thither ' s something inspire astir watching two smart actors playing smart character evoke honesty at one another. indeed, travolta gets to sink his teeth into dozens of choice lines based on his pleasure at provoking authority figures (to the local sheriff of the georgia county: " shouldn ' t you personify out night - sticking the color folk? " ). even the lame device of brenner and sunhill ' s sexual story cater a few winning zingers. emma goldman ' s talks can assist up a braggart laugh than you ' ll find in most so - called comedies. negotiation, unfortunately, only isn ' t plenty to make a quality playscript. it ' s difficult to take a movie about a criminal investigating seriously when the investigators are both too dazed to solve it sooner (an idiotic inability to recognize the nature of the crime scene) and too lucky for information technology to last any longer (not one only two affair where brenner catches a vital piece of grounds out of the corner of his eye ). by the time the general ' s daughter wanders towards its over - wrought, psychotic - in - the - rain close, west ' s heavy hired hand have obliterated most of what do the flick now and then playfulness. information technology ' s silly and pretentious moving picture show - fashioning, but at least it provide a giggle or cinque. emma goldman should deplume the xv decent page out of this script and turn them into a viewpoint - up routine. 