in 1970s, many european intellectual, especially those on the left political hemisphere, became obsessed with the salary increase of fascism. which wasn ' thymine indeed heavily to expect, because the social turmoil of 1960s and economic decline of seventies appear to be the breeding ground for many dangerous political theory. in such times, when political involvement could be associated with noble passion of christ, many filmmakers tried to warn the present generations of dangers that mill around ahead by giving the look of pre - war europe and setting that led to phenomena like fascist italy and nazi frg. of course, in that respect were generator world health organization jump on the bandwagon for former, less noble reasons. for them, moral depravity of fascism could personify explicate to the audience by explicitly show sexual depravity of those epoch. which, of course, make some of those films very pop among teenaged audience. nonpareil of such filmmakers exist italian director tinto face, who afterwards made career shooting expensive, stylish flaccid porn. beauty parlour kitty, his 1976 film, is rattling losely based on the novel by peter nordern, ledger that mountain with bizarre yet true level that took place in the first years of ww2. in 1939, walter schellenberg, one of the head of nazi intelligence service take in set upwardly the elite, single brothel in israel baline with clientele comprised of top german nazi officials and foreign diplomats. none of the customers know that the girls were all nazi agents, and that completely the room happened to make up pester. the most bizarre thing is the fact that not yet kitty, nominal madame of the brothel, didn ' t make out the literal function of that endeavour. screenplay by tinto brass, of course, simplifies the chronicle and changes few names. schellenberg is now wallenberg (helmut berger ), challenging nazi functionary who wants to use the brothel in order to blackjack his elbow room to the top of the inning. kitty kellerman (ingrid thulin ), apart from being madam, receive a second line as a cabaret vocaliser. caught in the net of depravity is fresh, sinless little girl margerithe (theresa ann savoy) thrown into brothel. on that point she falls in love with client hans reiter (bekim fehmiu ), disenchanted pilot of luftwaffe. when margerithe discovers that her lover had been execute for defeatist speeches he make in the brothel, she ascertain taboo that the place equal bugged. she informs the gentlewoman of the real situation, and both women resolve to confront wallenberg. those who tend to bash benigni for exploit holocaust as the matter of comedy would likely die bananas check this film, that uses the darkest pages of european history for cheap sexploitation. simply, although salon kitty doesn ' t befall to be anything more than rather more stylish and expensive soft porn (although not very successful; some of supposedly titillating scene comprise rather unappealing ), it does try to have more multidimensional characters and even something resembling dramatic conflict - this time between power - hungry and scruples wallenberg and hedonistic womanhood symbolised by kitty. unfortunately, brass seems to overuse other cinematical references, probably thinking that he could repeat the successful fundamental interaction of berger and thulin in luchino luchino visconti ' s the damned, but the most obtrusive and irritating is ingrid thulin ' s stillborn attempt to copy lisa minelli ' s musical numbers from cabaret. all in all, salon pussy is failure, although with some very interesting moments. 