staring, george clooney, arnold schwarzenegger, chris o ' donnell and uma thurman with alicia silverstone. well to jump this off i ' d just similar to say a couple things. first is, one miss michael keaton, i miss tim burton and would often opt to think that these utmost deuce batman films are all like a dallas dream episode. not even from the foremost moving picture show was batman really the ' star ' though helium personify damn close in the foremost span anyway. in ' batman forever ' and today in ' batman & redbreast ' he ' s almost pushed to be a bit musician. i can ' t really state if clooney (world health organization regardless was good than kilmer) make up a very good batman beaver state not. helium ' s given next to nothing to exercise at all, he might equally well not have been in that respect and it wouldn ' t hold made much divergence. now, book of joel schumacher has said that he refuses to stoop to the masses that have hated his films and cheered for the paying back of buton that atomic number 2 wont stool batman brooding and dark. fine, 1 intend granted ' batman recurrence ' while being an awsome picture show be a bit to dark sometimes. yet his bright neon, campy expressive style is just killing anything this serial meant to maine. i ' m usually real easy on motion picture. i loved ' con air ' and early films some critics bear thrash. granted that film really was paper thin, cliche ridden, except for one thing, information technology represent play. there is near no playfulness in this film at all. ane couldn ' t get cared less. it ' ll thrill the trivial ones as there no violence really, none everyone comes away ok in the goal like those old tv shows where information technology ends with everyone laughing. schwarzenegger is awful, one mean really, truly bad. .. and this is coming from a veritable fan of his employment. i love his movies most of the meter and the basic reason is he never read much in any of them. atomic number 2 talks all to often in this movie. i would receive much prefered to have seen patric james maitland stewart in the peal. i believe to truely like a movie you have to care well nigh at least someone in a motion picture show. i liked alfred but the understanding behind it is a cheap shot. 