synopsis: a small town thug convert a dimwitted gamey - school student to spot on his girlfriend, world health organization is babysitting trey disobedient kids for their alcoholic parents on a friday night. while this is endure on, the hood, the father, the boyfriend, and a kyd accomplish the onset of pubescence all receive fantasies astir the babysitter. comments: to enjoin this movie is bad would personify quite an an understatement. iodine ' m not sure what author and theater director ferland was hop to accomplish with the babysitter. suspense? family line drama? temper? porn? elements of each of these genres exist in the film, up to now information technology fails to successfully achieve any of them. alternatively, the baby sitter is a dull, lifeless movie which manages to bore and ultimately devil information technology viewers. iodine suppose this film could have be watchable if it weren ' t for the fact that the characters be universally unappealing. alicia silverstone be completely wasted playing jennifer, the sitter. her character has absolutely no profoundness at all, and her sole purpose in the picture be to be the aim of the other characters ' fantasies. everyone else in the motion picture show seems to be in a competition to interpret world health organization can lower oneself to the lowest storey by the time the pic end. the parents are alcoholics who turn increasingly objectionable as the picture proceeds. the father (play by j. t. walsh) fantasizes about the babysitter; the mother fantasize astir her hubby ' s best quaker. none of these fantasy sequences, trust me, are things that need to be seen, only we realize them anyway, utter with cheesy, make - stunned saxophone music. the punk, in the interim, proves that helium ' s evil through his irritate habit of break one half - empty beer feeding bottle all of a sudden and for no apparent reason. the most ludicrous character, still, is the sitter ' s beau who seem catatonically brain - beat. the thug, in a manipulative, iago - comparable manner (though he doesn ' thyroxine really take to try hard ), manages to talk the boyfriend into binge - drinking, smoking grass, running by from cops, and playing peeping tom on his own lady friend in a matter of minutes. unbelievable! ( of course, the boyfriend ' s original plan for the evening be, try non to express joy, to sit in an empty diner and read catcher in the secale cereale by joule. 500. salinger. ) if the goal of the babysitter be to be suspensive, then information technology give way. there are surprisingly few tense moments in this cinema, and nearly all of them hail at the last bit. by that time, even so, the audience is and so trite of the inane characters that no i truthfully cares what hap to any of them. no suspense occur in the dreaming sequence either because every single one of them is obviously a dream sequence from it origination. if the goal of the babysitter was to be humourous, then information technology too fails. iodine found goose egg even remotely funny astir the boozing parents who seemed, at times, to comprise played for laughter. if the goal of the babysitter was to be dramatic, and so, one time again, it fail. the character are one - dimensional and uninteresting. finally, if the goal of the babysitter was to be titillate (the eccentric of film specify to be act ad infinitum on hbo at two in the morning ), so it fails as well. the dream sequence aren ' t titillating; they are too brief and, external of one very poor scene, contain no nakedness. iodin can ' t completely trash this movie. the beginning 10 hour operating theatre so vaguely resemble an interesting film, and the termination sports a halfway decent slugfest. the other ilxxx minute, though, are a retarding force. silverstone ' s character, at the final stage of the flick, turns to her beau and asks " what were you thinking? " one need myself the like question, having spent ninety nine cents renting this turkey. 