everything about this 9th trek movie seems on the cheap, from the roger corman - grade special effects to information technology highly derivative and ugly advertizement campaign (the poster is nearly very to that of star trek sextuplet: the unexplored country ). but piller ' s not - quite - one half - parched screenplay should finally arrogate responsibility for insurrection ' s failure. iodin ' m astir to give the like advice to rick berman and carbon monoxide gas. as i ' ve given to the financier of james bond movies: information technology ' s clip to rest life into this workhorse by lease solid genre writers and a genuine director. ( while we ' ra at information technology, put that visor back on laforge! ) for three hundred year, the ab ' ku species (who front scarcely corresponding humans) have lived on a ringed - satellite that might every bit well be called the fountain of early days. six one hundred of them occupy the briar patch, the orbit affected by metaphasic radition, a electropositive doe that reverses the age process in the aged. but evil ru ' afo (this is probably abraham ' s lowest stop before performing " amadeus " at a dinner theatre near you ), leader of the son ' a (who look just like burn victims after reconstructive surgery ), need to relocate the bachelor of arts ' ku and movie his people onto the briar patch in their place, in order to replenish his dying breed. the federation comprise all for this, but picard feels this is a lineal ravishment of the prime directive: to non intervene with the evolution of an alien subspecies. ( never mind that the ba ' ku didn ' metric ton exactly develop - they went wandering in the universe unrivalled daytime and stumbled upon the magic world. ) every time frakes give an interview of late, atomic number 2 seems to overstep whatever ludicrous statement helium last gave regarding this instalment. he has call it a comedy, a recollect isle of man ' s pictorial matter, a throwback to the erstwhile series, and, most grievously, atomic number 2 have likened it to a st. john the apostle ford horse opera. ( i take for granted that ' s some john the divine ford he go to school with, not the director of the calosoma scrutator. ) he has also gone on record as saying paramount recut the picture from his translation. that ' s no exculpation - someone give this footage. muddy cinematography and situation comedy sets are the least of its problems; star trek: revolt look to have embody radiate in from the major planet plotholia. study such curiosities. .. picard ' s love involvement, anij (donna murphy ), can slow things down by staring at them (such as a falls or falling rocks) - her scientific account for this? " preceptor ' thymine ask. " worf gets a pimple (he ' s re - experiencing klingon puberty thanks to the time - defying atmosphere ), laforge regains his eyesight (trust pine tree state, levar burton ' s real eyes are scarier than those electronic lenses he wore in foremost impinging) and troi brags about her firm boobs, but picard remains as bald as an android ' s butt. most suspiciously, what exactly be the problem with letting this scupper race make a little fun in the sunday? the filmmakers cloud the issuing with some nonsense about a fellowship feud of sort, and they also turn ru ' afo into a completely power - mad superfreak, just so the fictional character will have something to do in the orgasm. ( and if you ' ve seen return of the jedi, you ' ve seen the ending of this movie. ) didn ' t picard himself previously disobey the quality directive when he prevented the borg from assimilating millions? frakes lucked out with first contact, and repetition viewings of that flick reveal the come of what went faulty in his direction of insurrection: helium has no good sense of comic timing, and he mines for acting chemical science where none survive. ( take a look at the unspeakable " troi beat drunk " scene in fc and you ' ll get the world wide mind of insurrection ' s unsuccessfully jokey and hollow tone. ) even the worst shatner and atomic number 27. trek, corresponding the final frontier, maintain a watchability thanks to the effortless, charming comaraderie between kirk, spock, and bones. neither first striking nor insurrection accept any melodic theme what to set with crusher (gate mcfadden, whom i must order maintains a fabulous physique ), troi, or laforge. and all ternary next generation film expend too much metre on information, who is the franchise ' s solvent to urkel. need a inexpensive laugh? have data say something sexual, beaver state start singing, or lift up a four hundred pound bowlder as if information technology ' s the lump of styrofoam it really be. here ' s my proposed title for telephone number 10: information star information trek: data data data information datum. in this motion picture show, data testament become taken up with learning to blow his nose, while crusher and troi watch mutely from 500 yards away and laforge points his sinister gaze at the android in double robotlike observation. ace trek: insurrection have one nice, eerie, tacit moment that hints at a better, darker motion picture show. i ' m not say all of them should make up asterisk trek ii: the anger of caravanserai, but this one boldly went where no movie should go again. 