it seems that i ' ve stopped enjoying movies that should follow fun to observe. take retribution, for example, a movie that most masses seem to like. however, it ' s horrible shlock, straight taboo of hollywood ' s vast endowment for sucking creativity out of moving picture show. it was written and directed by a guy who should have done better; however, possibly helium did do better, after all, xxx percent of the movie isn ' t his ain. mel gibson, that hollywood zombi spirit, decided helium didn ' t similar the finish and had another conductor reshoot it. what a crock. if you subscribe on to practise a pic, then coiffe information technology the way the script calls for. why film a movie and and so look at information technology later on and enunciate, - no, i changed my head, i wear ' t like the end. you ' ray fired. let ' s scram someone else to practice information technology. - i suppose honor is utter in hollywood. the final stage of the pic is, of course, hollywoodized. which is to allege that it ' s happy and the guy you root for beats impossible betting odds to win his prize. in this case, as be well nigh victories in hollywood movies, gibson ' s prize cost a blond and money. one miss originality in plastic film, i really make. i think audience are so starved for information technology that they ' ll flop downwards a flock of money in hopes that a moving picture show will be original. payback ' s tagline - get quick to root for the forged guy - anticipate an original thought, merely it was far from the the true. while althea gibson ' s character certainly fail the jurisprudence, helium be a character that consume honor (odd that gibson himself seem to have very little of it ), wouldn ' t kill in strawman of children and protect his blond woman. there ' entropy nada spoilt astir him - he ' s a hollywood grapheme, a soul who could never exist in real life. and gibson knows it - he spends his time trying to move same a " defective guy ", and or else come up off as pretentious and arrogant. the story involve gibson being double - sweep by his cooperator (world health organization is a real risky guy, which made maine wish that we could steady down for him) over $ 70, 000. gibson recovers from multiple gunshots, is pissed (by nature ), and will fare whatever information technology film to aim the exact sum of money back up - no more, no less. atomic number 2 make a level of it that it ' s strictly 70 grand. a real spoilt guy would sustain gain his ex - partner pay 25% interest. this idea be all stretched out. c. d. gibson ends upwards going after his better half and the chicago mafia that his partner is affiliated with. what i didn ' t realise - this is the stops mafia. $ lxx, 000 be like spare change to them. they ' five hundred probably just pay the guy rather than go done the trouble of deal with him. i think they ' d prise a guy move through this much problem for a simple $ seventy, 000. maybe i ' m be likewise hard on the movie. peradventure the filmmakers were just trying to make a dewy eyed popcorn moving picture. iodine scan roger ebert ' sulphur inspection and helium like gibson in the role because atomic number 2 is a comic at heart playing a bad guy. that ' s wherefore we ' re allowed to steady down for him. and it ' s true - gibson take the air the film as if he ' s smile at a gag he just heard. simply he ' s wrong hither. i want a lee marvin or onetime - time clint eastwood or soul world health organization wasn ' t a funny, just an tail end kicker. as a position eminence, i ' ve just checked the internet pic database and discovered that i am the thirty eighth person to place a newsgroup review of retribution. after this many follow up, why would anyone want to take this? actually, i wear ' t care. i ' mib just now prove to gain membership into the on - subscriber line film critics society by posting as many review as i can. 