under any former circumstances, iodin would non be discussing the end of a film to the extent that i will in this special review. however, in order to to the full explain exactly how and why this movie is so awful, a minute dissection of the terminate is necessary. even though i will non reveal the details of the last scenes, come move at your ain hazard. the movie opens (quite poorly, i mightiness add) as child psychologist malcolm crowe (robert the bruce willis, looking like helium was dragged tabu of his trailer at the wee hours of the daybreak to dart each scene) and his wife are intrude upon by ane of malcolm ' s preceding patients. distraught, the self destructive man (a cameo by new kid on the pulley donnie wahlberg) shoots malcolm and then turns the gunslinger on himself. cut to the " next fall ", as we obtain the good doctor quietly observing his latest casing, a difficulty young man named cole (haley joel osment, 1 of the only child worker in a while i didn ' t want to bludgeoned terminated the question with a blunt tool ). after about 45 minutes of seemingly unrelated monster occurrence, we learn that cole get " the sixth sense ", the endowment of cost able to communicate with the all in. and this, as they say, comprise where the healing begins. the sixth sense and information technology unexpected popularity be founded upon a twist ending that ane knew give out into the film (one of roger ebert ' s colleges personify kind enough to give it away on a recent segment of " siskel and ebert " ). although ace was at first enraged that an established picture show critic could so callously ruin a film for thousands of patron, i soon realized that this turn of events could in fact have been a blessing in disguise; i ' ve always comprise a sucker for surprise endings (my favorite movie is the usual suspects) and seldom dislike a film that sports one. hither, since i knew the major plot eddy that was coming at the film ' s conclusion, the possibly of being play false into loving a bad moving picture solely because of it ending (something i ' ve fall victim to in the past) was reject. and indeed, my wake of the sixth good sense do prove to be rather an enlightening experimentation. stripped of the element of surprise, the film was couch to the task of showing what it truly had, alternatively of simply cover behind a shocking conclusion. after seeing its true colors, iodine come to the conclusion that the sixth sense is, despite what the many star of the movie crataegus oxycantha allege, void of any veridical business leader. it ' s a corking conception, just not one that justifies being made into a feature - duration movie. in fact, the sixth sense relies so powerfully on its close that the rest of the film develops as a kind of prelude to the supposedly earth - shatter revelation that is nonetheless to come. and when the final second do occur, information technology ' s a huge disappointment; the end makes no sense at all. information technology stupefied me with the heights of its ineptitude and is completely absurd on a central and real rare tier. i won ' tetraiodothyronine go into any details, just suffice to say that, as far as i can tell, it negates to lie of the moving picture show to such an extent that anyone who buys information technology even for a second moldiness be suffering from a very acute case of attention deficit disorder. now, in all fairness, i cannot say for indisputable that one would have opine the ending (however stupid it english hawthorn constitute) cause it not been unveil to me before script. however, ane feel very convinced that i, as good as anyone world health organization had seen a few " twilight geographical zone " episodes, would have seen it coming a mile out. the fact that movie - leaver nation wide are surprised by the terminate withal receive me stumped. ironically, to fully appreciate the sound scene (that of cole and malcolm pay heed a little girl ' s funeral ), the watcher is required to be aware of a rattling rare psychological disorder called munchausen syndrome by proxy. ane wouldn ' t have even known astir this mental disease if i hadn ' t, by utter dumb luck, caught " dateline nbc " the former week when they come a feature film tale on it. despite being blessed with some actually amazing cinematography and a brauva performance from osment (where was this kid when casting calls were go out for the fantasm menace? ), in the end, the sixth sense is likewise chalk - wide of contradictions and just isn ' t plausible plenty to justify even a slight recommendation. 