delicatessen (directors: marc caro / jean - pierre jeunet; screenwriter: gilles adrien / marc caro; cinematographer: darius khondji; editor: herve schneid; cast: dominique pinon (louison ), marie - laure dougnac (julie clapet ), jean - claude dreyfus (clapet - the butcher ), karin viard (mademoiselle plusse ), ticky holgado (marcel tapioca ), anne - marie pisani (madame tapioca ), jacques mathou (roger ), rufus (robert kube ), howard vernon (frog man ), edith ker (granny ), boban janevski (young rascal ), mikael todde (young rascal ), chick ortega (postman ), silvie laguna (aurore interligator ), howard vernon (frog man ); runtime: 96; miramax / constellation / ugc / hatchette premiere; 1991 - france ) reviewed by dennis schwartz a bleak comedy set in the near future in a boarding household lam by a depraved fuckup. the comedy make up played more in comic strip style for entertaining time value than for deep caustic remark, as information technology features generally zany sophomoric spate gags and relies hard on special effects. the earthly concern has fallen on hard times and there are food shortage which include no meat, so the butcher serve upward meat from human flesh to customers world health organization pay with grain, virtually as valued a commodity. that ' s the big joke in the plastic film and the gaud of that cannibalism idea wears thin mighty tight, as the characters are too absurd and sketched too thin for us to care about them. this tasteless postapocalyptic french funniness is a first lineament for the colorado - directors marc caro / jean - pierre jeunet. it failed to reach my comic bone and instead left maine mostly annoyed at it slim story and its dark projection for the future. an ex - circus clown named louison (dominique pinyon ), the film ' southward to a fault - good - to - cost - true torpedo, answers an ad for work as a handyman for clapet (jean - claude dreyfus ), and the butcher and landlord, offer him room and board in his house. the blunderer ' s clumsy and near - sighted girl julie (marie - laure dougnac) fall in love with the skinny, weird looking clown, and the two make some music unitedly, with her play the cello and him a saw. they are the innocents, surrounded by a boarding theatre of misfits suffering from fear and watched over by her overbearing father, who has lured into his tenement house the clown, as helium has his past innocent victims, so that he can put his cleaver to him and then sell him as meat, which he intends to do as before long as the clown fix upwards the tenement. the total film takes post in the shabby tenement, and the tenants embody an odd lot of off the wall malcontent, who do non trust each early. there be two child (boban janevski & mikael todde) world health organization exercise any variety of mischief they can. a frog humans (howard vernon) who lives with piss on the floor so he give the axe raise his gaul and snails that atomic number 2 wipe out. two brothers (mathou & kube) who create little cow - moo bangle toy. a humankind (holgado) world health organization sells a bullshit sensor to the butcher for his piece of meat. a slutty char (karin viard ), who live with the butcher and only wants his heart and soul. the aristocratic charwoman (silvie lagoon) who tries legion sentence to commit suicide but be too inept to do it flop. the tenants are too afraid to come out at night because they know what the butcher is improving to, so they are force to transmit with each other through a pipe that runs through the building (in one scene they are all in melodious concordance to the lovemaking of the butcher and his gal, as their bedsprings squeak ). there represent also a sex - crazed letter carrier (chick daniel ortega ), who lusts for the fumbler ' s daughter and channel a gun while hand over the ring armour. there is as well an underdeveloped subplot about a band of incompetent surreptitious veggie fanatics, call trogolodistes, who have been summons to rescue the buffoon and slip some grain. the directors overloaded the film with also many eccentrics, as the comedy seemed forced while the dreamlike feeling of the moving picture add no dramatic intensity. delicatessen food could have some charm to the cult motion picture crowd who corresponding their gist sliced fragile, monty python fans, and those world health organization like terry gilliam ' s brazil, a picture show similar in spirit. 