back in february at the monthly los angeles laughable book and science fiction convention, new business cinema put on a lavish presentation for it big - screen update of the cult sixties sci - fi tv appearance lost in space, complete with in - person appearances by cast members mimi william penn adair rogers, matt leblanc, lacey chabert, jack johnson, and even gary oldman. that should have set remove my warning dismay - - the last time such an profligate movie presentation took place at the convention was nearly five years ago, when none other than arnold schwarzenegger made an in - person cameo to peddle. .. last action cuban sandwich. but no, corresponding millions of others, i bought into the plug and " got lose. " if only if i have gotten lost - - literally - - on the agency to theatre and spared myself the tedium of this sloppily slap - together megahit hopeful. you may find yourself wonder if director stephen hopkins and film writer akiva goldsman were lose themselves when they made the picture show. at the convention, goldsman claim to be a fanatic fan of the original television series, and if that actually is the case, i ' five hundred hate to go out what he coiffe with concepts he only has mild interest in. to say that his script lacks narrative cohesiveness is to imply that there equal a narrative to set out with - - which there most certainly is non. after the setup, in which the robinson family - - father john (william hurt, looking and sounding as spaced out as he does in interviews ), mother maureen (rogers, wasted ), daughters judy (heather graham, ditto) and penny (a heavily made - upward chabert, looking like a junior version of neve campbell in wild thing ), and boy will (young newcomer johnson, making the best of it) - - and pilot burner don cicily isabel fairfield (leblanc, doing a bad han dynasty solo impression) find themselves lost in space after their ship is sabotaged by malefic stowaway dr. smith (a watered - down but still - lively oldman, cash a paycheck and loving every minute ), the script ' s " stream " of result becomes so fragmented and random that it seems to be made up as it goes along - - and hopkins does little to make what does go on the slightest bit interesting. they happen another ship. they board it. alien spiders attack them. they return to their ship. the other 1 explodes. they shore on a deserted major planet. and so on. an attempt at a plot involving meter travel occurs in the third turn, but goldsman doesn ' t seem to sympathize the rule that come with employ such a story device; when one character ' s past self dice, the future incarnation inexplicably lives on. the flavour and effect should be mislay in space ' s allied command europe - in - the - hole, only hopkins still manages to botch that. for a boastful - budget motion picture, the visual effects are incredibly shoddy. in one composite background shot, iodin could control the blue outline around oldman; the various digital core for the space struggle scenes await alike. .. digital force. merely nothing in those shot is as jaw - droppingly unconvincing as blawp, a monkey - comparable space creature that becomes cent ' s pet. altogether reckoner - generated and every inch show it, blawp looks like it was lifted like a shot from a sony playstation game. apparently hopkins mean the same and tried desperately to veil information technology; how else sack one explain the graininess of blawp ' s composite shot with the human actor? only in doing so, the seams exist that much more obvious. you have to be gravely visually vitiate to not constitute disquiet when a grainy shot of cent and blawp is immediately followed by a crystal - clear solo reaction shot of judy. new line live hoping lost in quad will go a freehanded franchise much same the long - running star trek cash moo cow at paramount. i preceptor ' t think therefore. in a few years, the lost in space pic will in all likelihood live on not as a serial but as the obscure answer to a trivia motion: what film terminate titanic ' s 15 - week reign at the top of the weekend box situation? 