susan farmer ' s recap of " two tin play that biz " (screen gems ) since the succeeder of " waiting to exhale, " there have exist various romantic funniness about african - american professionals. this female retaliation fantasy, vivica a. fox plays shante smith, a sensational advertizing white house who seems to have reached the top of success: a star sign, a sporty auto and an idyllic kinship with a hunky, hot - shot lawyer, morris chestnut. she ' s at a point in her sprightliness when she dispense advice to her grateful girl - friend (mo ' nique, wendy racquel robinson, tamala casey jones ). " when your human race mess up, no matter how pocket sized it is, " she smugly decrees, " yuh gots to penalize him. " so when she catch her hot man dancing at a bar with a smart and sexy rival, gabrielle join, she organise her ain version of " the linguistic rule, " a 10 - day " baffling love " emotionally punishing plan to get him back. unfortunately, writer / director mark robert brown (" how to be a player ") transgress the key rule of romantic comedy: you have to like the protagonist - and pipe up, self - congratulatory shante kathryn elizabeth smith constitute a smirking, superficial, spiteful shrew who doesn ' t realize that noetic rules cannot always be applied to bonk. having her talk directly into the camera capture stale rattling quickly and the " clarence shepard day jr. 1, " " day 2 " deed of conveyance - card gimmick underscores the ennui. comic anthony carl david anderson scores as chestnut tree ' s boisterous best - friend, and singer bobby john brown do a cameo as a scuzzy mechanic world health organization ' s given a smooth makeover by ms. esme stuart lennox robinson. but the out - takes over the closedown credits check more than mood than the film itself. on the husbandman moving picture show gage of 1 to 10, " ii can play that game " live smarmy if slick 4, filled with misogynistic mental attitude and vociferous product placements (imogene coca - cola, miller genuine draft) simply little else. in this roentgen - rated (for explicit intimate speech ), pseudo - hip battle of the sexual urge, the audience misplace. 