there ' entropy only 1 presidential election every four class, but it seem like every few months we gravel another presidential conspiracy motion picture show painted as _the_ thriller of the class. in 1997, we ' ve had absolute power, atmosphere force one, shade confederacy and slaying at 1600. this one is astir as lame duck as previous gerald fording, trying to impart u a complex plot of ground of cover - up and intrigue but copping out all over and over again with rehashes of action flick standby. here ' s what happens this clock time. information technology ' s night at the white house. a secretary be having sex with some unnamed guy with a cute tooshie. the next day she ' s dead and hotshot detective charles wesley snipes is called in. how do we know atomic number 2 ' s a wiz? we ' ve realize the traditional natural action flick opener - - the cunning hostage negotiation scene. it ' s not hence clever this clip, consisting of snipes disarming a suicidal outmoded - authorities employee holding a gun to his head in the centre of the street. snipes is sour to the white house, where atomic number 2 see the secret service head (the shiny bald head teacher of daniel benzali) come through ' t cooperate with him at all. in fact, if not for the interference of home security adviser alan alda, snipes wouldn ' t throw been allowed in the white house at all. alda helps attack out further, assigning a aphrodisiac hidden military service agentive role (diane lane) to roleplay as his liaison. .. a rattling dangerous liaison. good, not rattling, i hardly wanted to say that. almost instantly, a suspect exist base, an eccentric night janitor seen mash with the deceased on one of the security videos. snipe doesn ' t buy information technology, and launches into an sovereign investigating of his ain, unmatched that reveals planted evidence and romanticistic affaire by the president of the united states ' s son. snipes ' partner, an always - wisecracking dennis miller, calls him up every once in awhile with more than news and lane, who at first doesn ' t believe snipe, eventually and predictably comes around, and take a chance her ass to erupt into social security measure storage and break come out some classified info. for the first hour or so, execution at 1600 look like it could cost going somewhere interesting. sure, we have to sit around through the lame opening sequence and pile to a greater extent lame scene after that, but the whole murder in the white house thing make for an interesting premise that equal never rather delivered upon. snipe and lane don ' t make for a bad activity team, but with nothing to work with, they ' ra just sprocket in the forged movie automobile. dennis arthur miller power as well not even be in the movie; they waste his gift more in murder at 1600 than they did in sporting house of blood, and that ' s saying a lot. when you get to the last one half - hr, the motion picture has descended metaphorically and literally into a wet sewer, wear out the old break - into - the - edifice surreptitious climax. and when they finally unwrap who killed the woman and why, you ' ll wish you ne'er model through this moving picture show at all. the " 1600 " in the motion picture show ' s title doesn ' t represent an address, information technology represent the turn of satisfied customer worldwide. serving the world for nearly single / twenty fifth of a century! 