the occupation of the picture show critic is to get wind a movie and write a review of it that tell apart you what it ' s about and why it ' s safe surgery bad. i find kind of embarrassed to admit this, merely i after having seen " commence carter " i really can ' t tell you what it ' s astir although ace could go away on and on astir how and why it ' s a spoilt movie. " get carter " falls into that category of? movies that continue to be ready for reasons unknown to anyone outside of a hollywood executive director board room. you power name them the " steven seagal / mickey rourke / jean - claude van damme / wesley snipe school day of average action / crime thriller. " you know - the potboiler that comprise heavy on fistfights, shoot - outs and car chases but really light on plot and character evolution. they have stories where the so - called hero just keeps running into characters world health organization possess some connection to one of the other characters who are all antagonist without a reason for being in the movie other than to give the supporter someone to fight, furrow or shoot at. sylvester stallone stars as jack carter, a las vegas - based rabble enforcer world health organization fall home * for his sidekick ' s funeral. atomic number 2 believe his brother? richie was " take out " and didn ' t dice from a dwi accident. carter ' s one of the well nigh cliche bad - fundament ever captured on celluloid. his expression alone represent pretty intimidating and in that location ' s rather a few scenes in which he leans on both regular citizens and criminal lowlives simply by staring them down and speaking with confidence in his " rambo - on - testosterone - therapy " voice. stallone ' s performance in this movie is so forced and unnatural he doesn ' t realize he ' s mocking himself. the actual story involves james earl carter jr. ' s investigation into his brother richie ' s death. helium ' s in a ithiel town that ' s non his simply somehow the local top heel know him very well. mick rourke co - stars as 1 of these characters, a sort of crime boss world health organization experience something to suffice with running a porno web site and blackmailing a young internet tycoon (played by alan e. e. cummings looking and acting a lot similar pee wee woodrow charles herman ). there ' s also another plot take richie ' s mistress, a secret standard candle - rom with some convicting and disturbing evidence on it and something frightening regard one of howard carter ' sulfur still - living relatives. i ' m rolling my eyes just recall about try to review all this in a style that could be remotely comprehensible. i could just pull the screenplay to shreds, asset the direction oregon the redaction or the production value but that would demand word of nearly every scene in order to explain information technology all. i don ' t similar to frame spoliers in my reviews either intentionally or circumstantially. yes, " have carter " is just that complicated and complex. and what ' s worse is that information technology ' s not this intricate to form information technology seem voguish like " the usual suspect " for example - just the opposite. you get the feeling whoever wrote this script did it in short intervals spaced far apart and they likely didn ' t remember what had already happened and didn ' t figure out how each scene would lead in to the next one or how the major plot points would work towards the orgasm. all you really need to know equal that most of the film is only scenes of president carter dog down ace scumbag or suppose witness after another, asking them what they know, getting information and then realizing that if he wasn ' t a complete idiot he could have figured it prohibited in the foremost five moment. although the supporting characters are every bit dazed themselves since they tell him everything which comes back to haunt them in one violent way or another. making a movie entirely about outlaw doesn ' t necessarily mean they have to embody unlikable and cliche cutout characters. mel gibson starred in " payback " a few years agone that had a tale non unlike this one merely possess such a good screenplay you couldn ' t help but like him even though he was just now as bad a guy as seafarer carter. so ultimately " scram carter " fails for pretty much every marketing point it has. carter is non a likeable character and you really don ' t fear if he gets retaliation or non. the action chronological sequence are non at all exciting or original. the enemies and their monolithic cabal are non threatening at all (c ' mon, you know who ' s blend to win every brawl and shoot - out and automobile chase ). in the end you don ' t feel nigh satisfied with the result. the filmmakers get along a adept job in do everything every bit unoriginal as possible. * the city is never mentioned by name but one feign information technology ' s seattle since all the railroad car have washington license plate and information technology ' s always raining. 