ok, okay. perchance i wasn ' t in the mood to watch a mindless action movie; iodin be the like person that liked deadly weapon ternary, still while admitting that it wasn ' t equally good as the others. howewer, the latest segal photograph didn ' t look that bad, and since none of my friends would snuff it find out a woody allen picture show yet if i paid them, i went to see it expecting a mild die hard rehash. boy, was ane wrong! in the first half of the movie, we are already assaulted with segal ' s playing, (he is not simply wooden; he is similar a bulwark ), gratuitous violence, an unbelievable plot, male chauvinist and even to a greater extent gratuitous nudity, and uncollectible lines that obviously were signify as jokes. by the end, information technology is obvious that hundreds of navy valet de chambre be no match for thirty armed special forces soldiers. not erst in the movie fare segal appear worried or undecided, which did not do much for increase the unexistent suspense. of row, in movies like these, at that place must constitute a sidekick, and a love interest group. in these one we are given a two for unrivalled software program in the form of a corinthian model (in the movie ), which only functions as a supposed comic relief (by the way of extremely stupid unfunny lines ), and to have watering middle and look aside every clock time something bad happens in the moving picture show. oh, of course, she appears raw from the waist upward, and, of course, segal buss her at the end after no ontogeny of their relationship; they perform not even seem to be interested in each former. i have ne'er examine so little chemistry between two multitude in a pic. often, the baddie saves the picture; unluckily, the villains here are cartoonish, stupefied and unfunny, unmenacing. how many moving picture have psycho ex - particular forces bad guys? too many. single was able to predict the natural process all throughout the movie, including the here and now where the sidekick saves the hero from certain death, the scene where the bad guy can kill the hero simply proceeds to explain his design to him, the scene where we are show the hero of alexandria ' s superior are stupid, the scene where the bad guy loses his gun and has to fight the torpedo hand to handwriting, etc. .. simply pronounce, this be moving picture - making by the numbers, boring, and potentially offensive in going for the low common denominator of the interview. my testimonial: if you go see information technology, bring a watch. you ' ll be looking at it for most of the movie. my. rent die punishing. record a book. stare at the sky. make not macerate your time on this worthless piece of cinema. the substantial sad thing is that there be a bunch of movies out that one would rather have learn; once again, dragged in by my friends, which by the way, like the movie halfheartedly. they believably like wrestling too: - ). 