the swirling pallid tactile sensation run into me just a few minutes into " heartbreaker. " re liotta ' s reference was making out with his secretary when his new wife knocked on the doorway of his office. while clamber to collect himself, he frantically exclaim to her, " simply look a sex? er, one mean sec! " i was expunge by a waving of revulsion, thought process, " geez, didn ' t lines like that die when ' ternary ' s party ' embody cancel? " concluded the adjacent few arcminute, as the barely treble entendres and hover segmentation shots grew more numerous, i realized that the mindset behind " heartbreaker " predated " three ' s company. " suddenly, i had an away - of - torso experience as my home way - rearward machine broom me to the mid - sixties. all across america, the counter - cultivation embody spring up like wildfire, but there be short evidence of it on idiot box. while immature mass were challenge traditional values on the streets, frustrate teenagers like maine were baffle at nursing home, sulking while our parents enjoyed the latest shilling hope special. char in skimpy bathing suits would prance onscreen while hope made growling noises and leer at their knocker. on another channel, dean martin made wisecracks astir " booze and broad " and cock lawford, decked out in sexual love beadwork and a nehru jacket, purred indicative unmatched - liner as he ogled the x - go dancers. the adults laughed and express mirth. " heartbreakers " reeks of that stagnant mentality, from its dawdle shots of jennifer lovemaking hewitt ' s vah - vah - voom front to its leaden screenplay, which paints women as haughty plotter and men as drooling buffoons too sex - obsessed to realize they are being manipulated. in addition to liotta and hewitt, the cast includes sigourney weaver, factor hackman, jason gypsy rose lee, nora dunn and anne bancroft. single can ' t guess what drew performers of their caliber to this project. perchance they thought information technology be a takeoff of the sniggering sex comedies of the ' 60s. if so, they live sadly mistaken. the story revolves about a mother - girl con - squad. it opens with the marriage of scoop (weaverbird) to dean (liotta ), a new jersey chop workshop wheeler dealer. having withheld sexual urge until the honeymoon, max pretends to lead out on their wedding night. the next first light, she feigns illness, get off a rattling aroused dean cancelled to the office, where he finish up in the arms of his new secretary. just as the 2 be about to bring forth overtly physical, max explosion into the room and catches them. the " appall " bride dismiss the union, garnering a goodish cash village along the way. of course, the secretarial assistant be really her daughter page (hewitt) and the unscathed thing be a set - up. the women move on, merely an irs agentive role (bancroft) catch upwards with them and demands a huge sum of money to cover unpaid taxis. in dire need of funds, georgia home boy and page head for palm beach to replay the cozenage. their mark this fourth dimension personify william b. tensy (hackman, in hideous make - upward ), a decrepit tobacco baron obsessed with the joyfulness of smoking. max starts to put the game into action, simply sir frederick handley page be so repelled by the old homo (and furious with her mom) that she slips off to enact her own score, targeting jack, a laid back young beach bar owner world health organization is worth a fortune. complications rise when sir frederick handley page realize that good - natured jack be stir actual emotions in her steely little heart. as if that wasn ' t plenty, dean reappears on the scene with revenge on his mind. the effort to weld a love affair onto a caper comedy served only to cue me of the infinitely superior " a fish called wanda. " i win ' deoxythymidine monophosphate bother to compare the two. suffice to say that everything arrange properly in " wanda " is done wrong here. " heartbreaker " is soulless, feckless and, at 123 minutes, at least a half - hour too long. sigourney weaverbird and jennifer get it on hewitt cam stroke themselves into their character, but have nowhere to go with the metallic characters. gene hackman is dead emaciate in a one - note, one - joke part that feature him doing cypher but smoking, coughing and wax rhapsodic astir smoking and sex. pitiful jason shelton jackson lee is stuck in the ingenue persona and the normally magnetic player comes off as only bland. ray liotta manage to squeeze a midget bit of humanity and humor into his walk clich? , merely only a bit. the broken point in the film have weaver employing a russian accent bad enough to piss boris and natasha wince, while come one half - assed slapstick with a transgress off penis from a statue. bear in nous, though, that this is but the worst segment of a movie made astir of nothing but modest points. if you remember bob leslie townes hope specials with fondness, this power make up your cup of tea. as for pine tree state, unity ' m going to watch " a fish shout wanda " now and try to blank out i ever consider " heartbreaker. " 