i hold it. i imagine arnold schwarzenegger have a knack for drollery when atomic number 2 made twins and true lie. look on him in jingle all the way, i wonder why anyone ever thought atomic number 2 could convey such a lame moving picture targeted at susceptible kids. it be peerless affair to fright the dogshit out of kids with the pg - 13 kindergarten cop, but parent world health organization rent small children see this movie will have to explain themes of violence, alcohol consumption, burglary, racism and child molestation. and you know they ' ll burst kayoed in tears when matthew arnold perforate one of santa ' s elves. he by and by decks a reindeer. hey, man, why don ' thyroxine you scarce kick the easter bunny in the egg while you ' re at information technology? jingle altogether the way is formula turd that follows the if individual falls on his ass, information technology must be funny school of thought. arnold, sinbad and phil hartman clangor to the earth more than times in this moving picture than a special olympics hockey team, and the movie dredges up to a greater extent cliche and less believability with each successive vista. what displace you carry from a movie whose entire premise equal that two parent rear ' t find a rare plaything on christmas eve, and will do anything to draw one? arnold is, of course, matchless of the parent, a crack salesman who is ne'er on that point for his boy. helium races from the part to his word ' s karate game, only to find come out of the closet he missed information technology. and his tyke suspect him because he ' s never around. ( g force, we haven ' t see that in a movie before. ) arnold the absentee father turn convinced that the only way to buy back his boy ' s affection is to get him a turboman skirt, which his wife (rita wilson, who will ne'er be the breadwinner of the hanks household choosing roles like this) told him to get weeks ago. therefore arnold sets out to find oneself a turboman, which turns out to be more rare than the tickle me elmo be when doggerel whole the style came out. countenance me second up for a bit here - - arnold ' s kid is totally ghost with this turboman character, which is unhealthy beyond belief. watch the display, run through the cereal, sleeps on the freakin ' turboman mainsheet. i ' d attempt to discourage any further obsession myself, l any kidskin see this movie think it ' s a terrific matter to con your daddy into racing out to buy you any fiddle you want. but nooooo, the climax of doggerel all the way has arnold dressed up as turboman in a parade, exculpate himself of all wrongdoing in the eyes of married woman and son, world health organization don ' t recognize him until the terminal minute. this is a sad motion picture show wholly the way through, but it only gets worse after the possible action scenes of arnold and mailman sinbad stampeding through a store, run off to the promenade and thieve up with a santa (jim belushi) world health organization runs a bootleg toy factory. most abominable to watch is a aspect at a radio post, where sinbad holds off the cops with a letter bomb after beating up the deejay (an embarrass martin mull) world health organization said he was giving aside a turboman doll. capitalism has produced some reasonably evil things (chia pets ), but this ode to surplus and trigger happy consumerism be 1 of the most shameful. never heed the subplot with perfect neighbor phil hartman trying to seduce wilson while benedict arnold comprise off shopping (" your cookies are incredible " ), it ' s the independent plot of the movie that sends the message that it ' s okay to do whatever it takes to get your hands on what you need. maybe that ' s what christmastide is like at the schwarzenegger house, just not at mine. 