in the first death wish movie, meek - mannered modern york architect apostle paul kersey, played by charles bronson, was revenge the death of his wife. in the second, he be avenging his daughter. in the 3rd, he instigated small state of war in social club to avenge the sometime friend. quaternary movie, on the former manus, begins with kersey doubt the point of his violent crusades and be the restrained life with his girlfriend karen, played by kay lenz. nevertheless, since this is destruction wish moving picture, we know that sooner or later something unsound is going to happen to the people kersey upkeep for. this prison term karen ' s teenage girl die of a crack overdose and kersey is forced to render to his honest to god vigilante ways. kersey ' s young targets, different the previous movies, aren ' thyroxin the ordinary street punk merely rich, heavily gird and comfortably - connect drug dealers. even such unstoppable killing auto similar kersey needs some musical accompaniment, and it comes from the newspaper publisher nathan blanched (john p. ryan ), determined to avenge the drug - related death of his own daughter. blank ' s programme is to make kersey kill major player in 2 rival drug dealing organisations and hence incite the war between them. the plan start to take shape, only kersey ' s actions fetch attention of two police tec - reiner (george dickerson) and nozaki (soon teck - ohio ). quaternary (and, regrettably, non the last) installment in the last wish series, will probably remembered as the typical movie of cannon group, production ship's company responsible for some of the worst cinematic trash of the concluding decade. however, although some critics might argue, death wish 4: the crackdown represents flimsy improvement over the death wish 3. paul kersey, one of the virtually challenging (and potentially controversial) characters of the 1970s, be still being dumbed down by mediocre script, and charles bronson really doesn ' t feel the need to place much endeavor in his acting. however, the script of a veteran director watt second. downwind thompson seems more capable of michael winner ' s and the action scenes seem slimly less dreamlike, although they notwithstanding look cheap and repetitive and downright oil production. there are some effort for the movie to have a plot between the numerous scene of violence, and one of such attempt is a potentially interesting plot kink at the end. the script even tries to counterfeit some social conscience (through with reprehensively underused kay lenz ' s character) and predates the war on drugs campaign that would exhort many hollywood ware in succeeding few years. in that respect are even some one half - hearted endeavour of humour - both intentional and unwilled, like in a scene where kersey assassinates mob figures by a wine bottle - but the tone of this movie be stock still far aside from bronson ' s 1970s classics. ( particular musical note to x - philes: mith pilleggi, the actor world health organization plays ad b. f. skinner in the x - filing cabinet, could be seen in a small role of cannery lab chief ). 