to tot the entire film " liv " upwardly in one prison term, it would be: watch a vh1 objective instead. " liv ", appear like someone brought william faulkner into 1978, bring him into studio 54, got him truly drunk, told him to write astir it, and then dumbed that down to cost released to the public. a waterlogged adaptation of almost stream of conciousness spirals down into an oblivion of the trick of sexuality, drug, and disco. the teller, shane o ' shae (ryan phillippe ), works as a grease monkey in young jersey who, of course, on a whim decides to go into new house of york and examine to get into studio apartment " liv ". phillippe gives a passable operation which could have been made by any young, attractive actor with a six pack stomach. atomic number 2 is let in by steve rubbell (mike myers ), the infamous colorado - owner of studio 54, because atomic number 2 is attractive. atomic number 2 eventually turn a bus boy and then a bartender. . . you wait more than, didn ' t you. there international relations and security network ' t. the film builds upwardly from nothing and becomes nothing as it ' s culmination (isn ' t that an minded parole for studio 54) shoot down with a clump. the meretriciousness of the guild and perpetually semi - clothed patrons are habituate in an to essay to prove the it ' s glamour. for much of its target audience, college long time to other thirties, information technology attempts to depict celebrities combine with " normal hoi polloi. " this yet fails since the solitary two celebs truly introduce are andy warhol and truman capote. you can be sure that one half of the audience hasn ' t heard of them, another quarter only know their names, and the early quarter do it they were at that place already. the humor, if you can yell it that, live built on an eighty year old woman generate high and 70 reference like john travolta and olivia n john making us laugh at how stupid we be back then the best performance in the film follow given by microphone myers as the perpetually high, sexually ambivlaent, really newfangled york steve rubell. he seems to play rubell better than rubell would if he was still live. helium looks like rubell and sounds simply like him while giving a subdued, almost nostalgic performance, when needed. information technology reminds you of his saturday night live character linda richmond on " coffee tree talk " sans dress and wig. the sustain cast of salma hayek, breckin meyer, and neve cambell are their only there to give added subplots which be introduce only lead perfectly nowhere. the romance between phillippe and cambell, as a soap opera house star, be completely implausable. the 2 share about half as much screen door prison term as there are shots of the eighty class old hooked on amphetimenes. hayek ' s wanna - be singer seem highly forced and her husband, greg (meyer) stands in as shane group o ' shae ' s surrogate best friend. the subplots seemed forced and seem like they make been added simply to make certain the moving picture was concluded an hour and a one half long. overall, " 54 " tried to give way a sentiment of the brashness of the place where crack flowed like heroin which flux similar wine colored. the film ne'er lead to anything, has no obserable stop, and treat up a lack of real secret plan with a humeral veil of beautiful people. in truth, that remind me of the eighies. 