after 1993 ' s " falling down, " i hoped that joel schumacher would ripen into a great director. since and so he has offered us two so - so adaptations of privy grisham novel (" the client " and " a clock time to kill ") and two batman movies that lowered the standards of that franchise. although these disappointment tone down my ebullience for schumacher ' s potential difference, the publicity for his latest handout, " 8mm, " raised new hope. information technology promised to be something unusual. it wasn ' t. the plot of land go corresponding this: gobbler welles (nicolas cage) is a private heart world health organization is hired by a wealthy woman, allegorically named mrs. christian (myra carter ), to investigate an 8mm motion picture show found among her late married man ' s belongings. the movie appears to embody a sniff film in which a teenage girl is raped and murdered by a man in a leather masque (world health organization reminds maine of bane in schumacher ' s " batman & robin " ). because murders can be realistically model in movies, mrs. christian wants tom to discover if the girl be active or deadened. by comb out done missing person reports, tom finds the girl ' s name and tracks her to los angeles. with the aid of max california (joaquin capital of arizona ), a video store clerk (and another symbolic epithet ), tom wanders through the underworld of porno in hunting of sniff. the plot bears an obvious resemblance to paul schrader ' s " hardcore, " in which a father go mystifying and profoundly into the industries of porn and sex to find his escape daughter. both cinema are model on dante ' s " the inferno, " of course; " 8mm " makes that connection overly obvious by cast max as virgil and stimulate him constantly tell tom that they were heading toward a group meeting with the devil. " hardcore " be a much to a greater extent subtle and meaningful film. " 8mm " hold a lot of promise. in its better moment information technology ' s an test of violence as amusement and of the beast within even a nice guy like uncle tom. i moment of the beginning kind: when we first match max he ' s read truman capote ' s " in inhuman blood " underneath the cover of a porn novel. " in cold blooded blood " comprise the founder of the reliable - crime musical genre, which is the literary equivalent of snuff picture. max promises that we leave pick up example of the 2nd theme when helium tells tom, " dance with the devil and the devil don river ' t change; the devil change you. " tom execute change - iodine ' ll net ball you discover the specifics for yourself - but non permanently. schumacher and film writer andrew kevin walker didn ' t have the guts to take tom then far down in the mouth the dark tunnel that he couldn ' t come in backward. ( john walker ' s " seven " did a much better caper on that radical by resist to compromise ). cage tries heavy to pull information technology off, but the script doesn ' t give him enough to work with. phoenix walks aside with the movie - helium ' s smart, charming, and funny remark. other cast members admit " fargo " ' s peter stormare camp down information technology up as porn auteur dino velvet and " the sopranos " ' reciprocal ohm james gandolfini as a soulless porn merchandiser who fight tom too far. in the last analysis, since " 8mm " falls short of its pretensions and its hope, it just another private eye story in the raymond raymond chandler / ross macdonald custom of having the detective uncover the depravity behind the glossy facade of wealth and privilege. however, unlike early predictable fare in the genre - final class ' second " twilight, " for example - " 8mm " is particularly disappointing because information technology could feature cost much more than it follow. 