disillusioned and trying to obtain the spicery of life, richard (leonardo dicaprio) sets off for thailand. there he a meets crazed valet de chambre by the name of daffy (robert thomas carlyle) world health organization throw him a function to a beach, a secret zion, and then commits felo de se. richard sets polish off for this beach with his neighbour from this hotel, ? tienne (guillaume canet) and fran? oise (virginie ledoyen ). at one time they father in that location the three discover a privy society existing on this beach, there richard falls for fran? oise. this cover about one half to deuce thirds of the movie and aside from the amatory element, which is solely a creation of hollywood, seem to hold to the original novel. the cinematography and general beauty of this role of the movie exist breathtaking. i don ' t think anyone can contend that this motion picture show be visually stunning. but that is were many thing go incorrect, darius khondji has totally trump himself in doing the motion picture photography. though the script and the interpreting of the novel live quite lacking. the plot of the movie moves along at a decent yard for astir half of the motion picture show or there abouts. this is where the movie has some great likely, then the trinity traveler get the island and there comprise a turn for the better, yes folks i said well. now up to astir ii third of this movie its really reasonably good, nothing striking aside from the cinematography but it still has promise. this equal where thing start to degenerate to something that becomes almost un - watchable. there be even a ' video game ' style sequence that borders on the disgusting, it doesn ' t arrive at sensory faculty for the movie and just await dim in my opinion (and i am hoping many other peoples ). iodine am hoping that in my little rant i ' ve made it abundantly clear that the moving picture personify miss quite seriously in plot and odd pacing, thusly if you go see information technology and you don ' thyroxin like information technology because of this don ' t damned me. the case development was not up to par either; i found the character of richard to exist zilch more than than a bad child. although in that location is a faint attempt to make this whole story profound it fails and richard (leo ' s character) comes cancelled as a wannabe philosopher. the character seems to be underdeveloped from the get travel and seems to just do things for no apparent reason, granted some people be like this (myself included) but i nor anyone i screw that is fairly random would ever do thing of the sorting this role does. the next point be that some of the really interesting characters are just non develop enough. richard is obviously obsessed by fran? oise at the other stagecoach of the story, still there is really very small development along this story billet. this 1 am sure contributes to the movie ' s want of core plot and being unfocussed. now, i shall go onto something a trivial good about the movie (for all you cynics out there the movie do give birth a few good things about information technology ). the cast and acting was passable at the real least, and i call up that leonardo dicaprio actually do pretty advantageously in the part of richard. mind you i remember the rest of the cast that had some which had reasonably sized office did equally good if not well. which solicit the question why is leonardo paid so much? ( i think this make up a topic all on its own thus i win ' tonne fuck off into it ). merely single like the fact that there was an international cast use, cause only and american cast be used 1 can see this movie be horrible. the international flavor added a more global feel to the movie that pull in information technology that practically more bearable. not to cite the movie is set in kingdom of thailand and a global cast makes more gumption. when all is said and do unity liked the movie for the most component only the gaping insufficiency of the plot of ground are unforgivable. single would not recommend this moving picture show to anyone, the fact that iodin liked it have a lot to do with the cinematography and the sheer beauty of the moving picture non its plot operating theater story. as it is the story tries to be often too philosophic and give out at it attempt. if you do end up proceed to see this movie be forewarned about its defect. 