an american wolfman in capital of france comprise a failed attempt to retake the humor and horror of john landis ' 1981 feature, an american werewolf in london. where the original have clowning, the sequel has the kind of revolting fatuousness that can represent found in tv sit - coms. where the first installation have chills, this 1 take sequences that are inappropriately, unintentionally funny. in short, while an american werewolf in british capital has go something of a minor classic in its genre, the woeful an american werewolf in paris seem destined for late nights on cinemax (it even have the necessary gratuitous nudity ). the film opens with a trio of daredevil americans - - andy (tom everett robert falcon scott ), brad (vince vieluf ), and chris (phil buckman) - - sneaking up to the top of the eiffel tower to tope wine coloured and do a piffling bungee jump. before long they have ship's company in the person of serafine (julie delpy ), who has make up one's mind to end information technology all. she jumps, simply andy, with a bungee electric cord attached, goes after her, and manages to relieve her (at the price of a major cephalalgia ). serafine disappears, but a in love andy seeks her out. even so, in one case he memorize his would - be girlfriend ' s darkness closed book, he wishes he hadn ' t. she ' s a wolfman, bedamn to change into a hideous beast when the moon constitute full, and, to make matter bad, helium has suffered a awful pungency himself. actress julie delpy is far as well honest for this movie. she imbues serafine with spirit, spunk, and humans, which give u.s. an excited wager in the character ' s fate. this isn ' t needs a good thing, since it forbid us from relaxing and savour an american werewolf in genus paris as a completely forgetful, campy entertainment experience. delpy ' s shot of year into an otherwise classless production raises the phantasm of what this flick could have been with a better script and a beneficial roll surrounding her. delpy ' s late credits admit such memorable ventures as krzysztof kieslowski ' s white and richard linklater ' southward before dawn. she equal radiant, charismatic, and in force in both. given the nature and degree of the stuff she has to work with here, she gets as close as potential to those adjectives. information technology could be argued that delpy constitute the only grounds to see an american werewolf in paris, but even her nearly devoted sports fan should consider chip in this ace a misfire. and if your primary object lens be catching a glimpse of her in the buff, crack out either killing zoe operating theater the passion of beatrice - - those motion picture ingest intelligible secret plan in addition to breasts. the quietus of the cast play at a level considerably below that of delpy - - which is to say, they render performances conquer for the screenplay. tom turkey everett scott (that matter you do) plays the lead like atomic number 2 ' s in a have - for - tv movie. information technology would be kind to call him bland. actors vince vieluf and phil buckman, as andy ' s ally, represent no more impressive. julie bowen (glad gilmore) is suitably convey as werewolf meat. and respect french actor thierry lhermitte own a brief act as another giant meal. on the technical side, it ' s all spoiled newsworthiness. the data processor - generated loup garou look painfully unreal. the animate being would probably have be more credible had they been hands in wolf suits. repeated use be made of the " lycanthrope river cam ", an infrared wolf ' s peak - of - vista approach that ' s matter to the first couple of times it ' s employed, and then becomes tedious. and the soundtrack let in some alternative grunge rock tunes that clash violently with the on - screen natural process they ' re pair to. managing director anthony waller, who displayed a confident, overstrung style in deaf and dumb person witness, stumbles with this material, ne'er represent capable to shit the drollery and horror elements gel. as a result, we make the worst wolfman continuation since the howling ii: your sister be a werewolf. ( i will give waller credit for killing off a dog, though - - something that ' s seldom seen in flick these days.) an american werewolf in paris is marginally entertaining in a " bad movie " sort of way, merely that ' s a dubious note. finally, it ' s an inauspicious effort, for, while it isn ' t intolerable to sit through with, it isn ' t a howling, either. 