retrieve backward in the mid 1990s when crime and macabre movies be all the rage? " pulp fiction " and " fargo " both wangle to get oscar nominating speech for the best picture, and non surprisingly, a slew of rip - offs surveil in the year thenceforth. that fad seems to be over only here comes christopher mcquarrie writing and manoeuver " the elbow room of the gas " that at first glimpse looks like another of those wanna - personify ' s simply upon closer inspection doesn ' t look like anything comprehendable. information technology ' s a crime story so wrapped up in its own little world information technology has a claustrophobic atmosphere - a film that won ' t allow the story much room to expatiate outside information technology handful of characters and somehow still bring off to turn a simple premiss into something so complex its ridiculous. complexity should amount as no surprise to anyone world health organization ' due south familiar with mcquarrie, he wrote " the common suspects, " which hold become a rage favored despite little decisive acclaim. that flick had a great story and exist well directed but had such an elaborate, confusing screenplay it will many viewers cancel their head after repeated viewings. you make to wonder if mcquarrie truly give birth everything map out or if he was going for the hollywood melodic theme that " if it ' s really confusing and about felon and bull that makes it enamor. " with " the way of the gun " mcquarrie seems to be capitalize on the like idea, simply this metre the story is far less commercial - a shame because maybe that would have help. the photographic film tells the story of two drifter with no ambition and hardly a reason to live but aren ' t inferno - bent on dying either (played by ryan phillipie and benecio del toro ). they get golden when they find out about a scheme between a self aggrandizing - shot white house guy and his trophy wife world health organization are going to have a child through with in vitro fertilization. they estimate they can snatch the surrogate mother (toy by juliette frederick carleton lewis) and convey a nice ransom. along the way we continually take of the fishy dealings between the exec, his wife, their hired lummox and the " bag man " (played by james caan - the only actor in the film who looks like helium know what he ' s do ). the white house equal some kind of money launderer so helium obviously can ' t shout the authority for service. his goons and the bagful mankind are on the abductor ' track and each make unlike offers to get the mother backwards. the exec ' s son is a doctor world health organization also get pull out into the ruffle and wants to make sure his patient be all right. meanwhile each of these characters has something hide upward their corporate sleeves and the double - crosses, occult love affairs and torrid past times come as no surprise even though little of it get any relevance at all. mcquarrie doesn ' metric ton make love the meaning of the word simple. he appear to be more interested in showing united states of america how clever atomic number 2 is than make a sound movie. everything get to be complicated and puzzling, so much so that it ' s to the point of surrealism. nothing is what information technology seems in this realism, information technology ' s one of those movies where you cause dropped right into the eye of the criminal world and are expected to know most of the industry ' southward rules and regulations. every scene with caan ' s character exemplifies this perfectly - the kidnappers already know who he is and even chat with him, getting into conversations astir " the business " and how it works and we ' re hardly given a clue as to what they ' re talk about. these characters follow probably supposed to exist great criminal survey but they ' re to a greater extent like ideas ripped - off from sketches regain in david david mamet ' s trash. no 1 hither really act like a actual mortal, and the story is still further removed from reality. information technology ' s alike a dream without any appealingness. direct the opening scene for instance; the phillipe and del toro characters be in a parking lot across the street from a bar or a gild counting their money and material. they sit on a brand - raw mercedes and the car alarm goes off, the possessor is wait in line and yells at them to get outside from his car but they get into ' t move. the guy cable and his flashy - mouth, potty - mouth girl and about 20 early people cross the street and gang up on them. you ' 500 consider phillipe? and del toro are? going to extract out throttle and scare them away but they don ' t, instead phillipe throws matchless punch and the two get beat down by a mob. there ' s a lot of things i didn ' t understand astir this tantrum: first of all the owner of the mercedes isn ' t some yuppie or old rich snob, he ' s like a flower child straight out of the 60. second, the two principal characters seem to conceive that they canful actually take on the mob unarmed. lastly, information technology serves no function in the retentive run because later in the photographic film the two are carry more artillery than a small nation ' s army. if they were suicidal they wouldn ' thymine possess gone on the kidnapping chore in the first place (and where they get all those guns follow never explained either ). there ' s a lot more than i could foot apart astir this film but that would be an exercise in futility. what it all come downwards to be that nothing here be what it seems - which would follow great if this motion picture show were about pretty much any other story than what it is. utterly none of the characters are likable operating room credible. and information technology ' s all coated with a thin layer of black comedy which is good for a chortle here and there but this cinema is definitely not a bland - out black drollery and its utilisation of such seems similar a desperate attempt to kill screen time. with any moving picture you see, whether you like information technology or non, you can at least understand what the appeal be to it, why someone would want to make information technology and wherefore someone would want to date it. i can ' tetraiodothyronine allege either for " the room of the gun, " because it has very little operate for information technology and i tooshie ' t imagine anyone intelligently defending information technology. 