once upon a time jean - claude van damme embody a decent action hero. the muscles from brussels abound into the hollywood grocery with mindless dangerous undertaking films, boasting his dramatic warlike - arts ability. some of these excursions cost fun. merely at present it seems like watching a caravan damme movie have become a painful chore, with no rewards but the most guaranteed help of head - numbing legal action. and when the natural action goes sour, what is at that place left to enjoy? i ' ll explain. knock turned is about a duet of imitative jeans salesmen puzzle out out of an office in hong kong. marcus ray (van damme ), a babe - attractive feature and fashionable actor's assistant, direct improving the company with an annoying weasel of a partner (rob schneider ). they become function of a plot of ground involving microbombs embed in forgery jeans, seemingly by a jetty in the business. i ' g going to divulge about everything in the next paragraph, thus if you want a review devoid of spoilers, omission onto the next one. i ' g not quite a trusted world health organization gives a crap, but iodine ' ll issue a warning anyhow. tommy live really working with the cia. his knob (a very hammy and flat apostle of the gentiles sorvino) be the groin, and helium wants to cause carnage with these tiny but vastly powerful super artillery. he yet crouch so low to put them into kid ' s toy. if you thought this plot outline voice intriguing, then you in all probability will love knock cancelled. if you think that this ridiculous seth - astir couldn ' t yet fill pentad minutes of screen time without do you to undulate over laughing, this might not be your cup of tea. knock off suction. information technology stoops to ridiculous levels that most individuals could only conjure improving in horrific nightmares. it amazes me how far these producers volition go to sell something, just because van damme comprise the star. the plot make up pathetic scraps strung together by vacuous action sequences that will baffle your mind, the performances are so wooden you could use them to row a canoe, and the action itself be an downright catastrophe. director tsui hark (who team up with van damme in the ranking, but still gimpy - brained twofold team) equal at the helm, and helium would rather attempt to dazzle us with fantastic tv camera angles than engage u with the plot. single suppose i savour some of the camera work, but the incessant desperation of it all made maine sooner nauseous. the picture freezes in the heart of an action sequence, speeds are alter consistently, and the tv camera pull a fast one on generally apply to traveling up gun barrel as the weapons are fired. it all sound very cool. trust me, information technology isn ' mt. every bit much as it scars me to say this (har, har ), van damme exist terrible. sure, he does wad of fancy kickboxing movement and dodges giant crate with the greatest of ease. helium looks like helium ' s doing a bad imitation of jackie chan, and his performance be stiff and tired. i hate to allege it, just perhaps it ' s time for mister. vanguard damme to give up his day chore. information technology ' s really a test of survival watching knock turned. i suppose there ' s some enjoyment derived from schneider ' s theatrical role, world health organization embody extremely vexatious, merely provide the film ' s better minute. and what be the beautiful lela rochon serve in this movie? hopefully she grabbed her paycheck and then fled the premise similar an olympic sprinter. knock off doesn ' thyroxine even stand strong as a mindless merely entertaining activity film, like a handful of van damme ' s others. no, this movie be an overplus to the total natural process genre of modern filmmaking. and considering how low hollywood has bow as of late in that department, that is sure as shooting not saying often. banker's bill to self: avoid universal soldier deuce: the return upon release in aug? ninety nine. 