this motion picture about two dysfunctional families never really draw off the footing, despite some safe performances from a basically competent casting. eddie (sean pennsylvania) and maureen (robin wright penn) be a non - so - happily married couple down on their luck. living in rented rooms in the seedier share of an unidentified urban center, they expend what little income they have at the local bar, owned by shorty (stanton ), eddie ' s undecomposed friend, and his wife georgie (mazar ). maureen and eddie share an odd relationship marked by eddie ' s frequent disappearances. on his return, helium promises her the world and professes his deathless love. their manic reunions all too soon lead to modern first, as eddie disappears again. like a junkie craving the side by side high, maureen suffers through the lows to get to the future high gear. their relationship is farther complicate by maureen ' s gestation. she wants the child and the male parent, but deep down seems to smell the inevitability of lose the latter. during one of eddie ' s absences, maureen is snipe by kiefer, her neighbour, who get her drunk (with her cooperation) and then importune on affaire. she leaves ill bruised and in veneration of what eddie might do - - non to her, but to kiefer. she lie in about what take place to ensure that no harm bequeath come to eddie as the termination of his inevitable furor. he lash out as she wait, and end up in an institution for what he believes to be tierce months - - only in reality be 10 class. during this ten, maureen divorces eddie and remarries a to a greater extent solid and reliable individual, joey (travolta, in a minuscule purpose ). her life falls aside again when eddie is issue from the insane asylum and fall to find her. joey insists on bring eddie into his home and making his wife choose between her husband (and father of two children) and constancy (joey make a good living, drives a cadillac, and they live in a large family in the suburbs) and the love of her previous life. she prefer her past, and give not only when her novel life but her old (by giving up her and eddie ' s daughter to joey ). but the eddie that she roll in the hay is live, replaced by a mere shell of the man helium was. maureen is herself a mere shell, more than an golem than a woman - - as if she make go through with any therapy and treatment eddie was given along with him. perhaps these 2 real do need each other and can find happiness (or possibly the lack of lugubriousness) together, just the movie ' s denouement was non convincing. 