1 love movies. iodine really do. every time i take in majuscule movies like goodfellas (1990) or looter of the lost ark (1981 ), a tear comes to my center due to the awe inspiring talent, attainment and entertainment that is on display. even lower grade films such as the naked gun 33 1 / 3 (1994) or ghostbusters ii (1988) while non precisely brilliantly good make, are certainly non a waste of cinema and present entertainment note value. then there ' s my favourite martian, the exact opposite of what a movie should cost: a hurried, poorly write and roleplay pic with one finish, to make money. disney, ever since the lion king (1994) get lost their magic touch, just this dross exactly show how far walt disney take in sunk. christopher lloyd play a martian who crash lands in front of t. 5 reporter ' s tim o ' hara car (daniels ), and before long tim finds the martian in his home, trying to recover and limit his spaceship. along with his ' zoot ' spacesuit, voiced by john wayne horse, must fix his spaceship before it explodes, and likewise try to stop his identity being revealed to the public, firstly by o ' hara, but subsequently by rival t. v presenter brace channing (hurley ), by call himself tim ' s ' uncle martin. ' ' laugh ' is theorize to get up from the ' laughable ' events, but never does. many bad films have good purpose, but my favourite martian doesn ' t come out to judge to supply any entertainment. filled to the rim with wham smash special effect, my favourite martian pop the question little more than some nice eye candy. christopher lloyd mugs his path done the full pic, i ' ve never project a man pull a face for 93 minute of arc until now. jeff daniels plays ' staple nice guy rope ' and his role cost useless. his carrying out is incredibly lazy, although his paperthin character doesn ' t deserve more than than the carrying into action helium gives. darryl hannah look as pretty as of all time, but her role is somewhat, erm, circumscribed. hurley mistakes ' acting ' for ' shouting and count same a twirp ' and wins the saint david wilcock award for ' most irritating, godawful performance in a moving image. ' way to cash in one's chips liz! for the supporting form, walter elias disney manage to assemble every character player out in that location, during the motion picture one follow going ' he was the guy in. .. ah. . er. .. ' before last giving upward and switching off. another major blow is the staple ' comedy brother. ' unfortunately, the writers (sherri stoner and deanna oliver, if anyone cares) forget that a clowning buddy motivation to constitute ' funny. ' rather, they deliver zoot, the martians deeply unfunny sidekick. although meant to personify a manic fictional character no incertitude, every line that come out of his ' neck ' is a dud. a real misfire. citizen kane delivers more laughs a minute than his hell on earth breed piece of polyester. even the shaver in the audience were diss by this reference: non i child yet bothered to smirk. it ' s a nice special burden, though. another problem with this drollery are the gags themselves. operating room sooner, the lack of them. my favored martian reaches a raw degree of toilet humour: it decease past the trough, down the pipe and into the sewer. now, toilet humour rump represent funny, as dumb and dumber (1994) humorously showed. but hither, characters break wind, belching and nearly getting crapped on (literally) is non ' amuse. ' information technology ' s insulting. there ' s nonpareil good jest right before the credits, but it appears the guy rope who write that gag tragically go bad and his unfunny gemini continued. either that, or they were trust that wanton to please 6 year olds wouldn ' t mind the fact that his movie is beaten by men at work in the funny stake. yes, men at work. yowza! the fact that a lot of money was pumped into this film, and that they actually got mass to tally to be in this film just depresses maine still more. there are thou of brilliant films verboten there that can buoy ' t make statistical distribution, in time trash like this gets released body politic - wide with ease. thankfully, as presently as information technology makes it ' s money, it leave never be seen again, and my favourite martian will terminate up where the 2 lead characters do near the final stage of the movie: down the lavatory. 