" ladybugs " be a typical clowning that relies on three supposed guarantees: the pathetic team who flap the title holder; crossbreed grooming; and the presence of rodney dangerfield. this picture doesn ' t play like a comedy for children, so who represent it place at? and wherefore is it tell like a xci - minute sit - com or else of a feature celluloid? rodney dangerfield stars as chester robert e. lee, a total schmuck working at a huge pot. atomic number 2 obviously doesn ' thyroxine have a lot of self regard and thinks he has to snog up to get ahead, which he does by volunteering to train the caller ' s girls ' association football team. what a shock to learn chester and his assistant julie (jackee) know absolutely naught about the game, and the players appear to get it on even to a lesser extent. i didn ' t laugh, but for some reason it didn ' thymine annoy me that much. chester ' s fiancee bess (graff) thinks atomic number 2 have a promotional material in addition to the coaching position, and of course she has a shirker for a son who is doing poorly in school day and is kicked sour the sport teams. jonathon brandis is a nice surprise as matthew, who agree to dress upward as a girl named martha to help out chester (probably because the miss he have a crush on plays on the team - what original story ideas! ). what we convey is just another recap of the " underdog sports team " mixed with some crossbreed dressing. unfortunately, the film isn ' t bright enough to play upon the puff prospect. in fact, it downplays it therefore heavily information technology ' s totally unbelievable. could it equal any more obvious martha is a boy? atomic number 2 only wears a girl ' s wig, without any make up, and they don ' t even afford him falsie. brandis doesn ' t botheration to mime a little girl ' s voice either. and so in that respect is a superfluous scene where chester and matthew shop for a dress, but for what reason? martha is only seen on the soccer subject field, wherefore would they grease one's palms a dress for her? just when we imagine the martha character is going to live useful, she disappear, and the story wanders aimlessly looking for a new plot to beak up on. when bess discovers what ' s in truth going on she breaks upward with chester, and the relationship is forget about and the film focuses on the soccer squad and the tension between chester and his boss. this film could ' ve been less sorry had it been the cliche sports drollery, but it feels the indigence to go off on tangent that are completely unneeded (and bad at that ). in that location ' s just too much of a sit - com feel here, specially during the so - called serious moments, and wholly the mix up between the characters. i ' ve seen bad movies than " lady beetle, " but for some reason it incorporate some sort of bizarre charm, so even when information technology turns sour it doesn ' t seem as tough as information technology is. dangerfield finally gets his obedience in the end, but at what a terms. 