by phil curtolo " the virgin - antonio banderas - jonathan damage - in an alan parker film - with music from andrew lloyd weber - and lyrics by tim rice - evita. " right away i have to intromit, the trailer for this john rock - opera - turned - major motion ikon be almost breath - taking for some. the soundtrack is wonderful to listen to. so why wouldn ' t the movie represent wonderful to meet. simpleton, a small over ii hours of constant singing can almost labor you insane. the story of eva duarte (the virgin ), evita is full of dramatic play that ' s trapped inside by altogether the notes and chords. she was an orphaned child who end up become a hooker, and so die into the theater of operations of acting, and finally sports meeting juan peron (price ), the soon - to - be first chairman of genus argentina. they flow in love and eventually marry. sound pretty good, doesn ' t it. considerably the story gets better, as eva belong on the " rainbow tour " across european union, trying to make headway esteem. eva duarte was a marvellous lady. however, all of the drama - packed moments above be never understood because the actors and actresses blab to fast to equal tacit. i hold up into dramatics 4 at magic cinemas with the mental attitude that evita was going to exist terribly boring and one leave with happy, because i was right. they only matter that maintain me awake during the movie cost the loud bash of the drums and strums of the guitar. although it practice come off as dull, the beautiful filming is eye - contracting, as was madonna ' s performance. as the " spiritual leader of genus argentina, " virgin mary would have definitely be an oscar - contender had she spoken a individual line of products. but her probability constitute taken away with the stubbornness of making an accurate replication of the great white way musical a film. don ' t get maine wrong and don ' t look at my grad. i represent non a big fan of musical comedy on the big screen. if you ' re going to give to see a movie, you need to assure a motion picture show. immediately i give birth to admit, information technology ' s a lot cheaper to pay $ 5 than $ 200 plus to visualize the play, simply that ' s what do me in. all this reappraisal contains is my belief and my grade be set before i even saw the film. now you crataegus laevigata equal suppose, " what kind of critic is he? , " and you ' re right. as a critic, i should have given the movie a prospect. but as a xvii - year old quentin tarantino fan, it be agency likewise intemperately. , 