american pie two comprise filled with laughs. but they are mostly cheap ones work up primarily upon sexual debasement and adolescent humor more fit for a footlocker elbow room than a movie theater. i ' thousand no puritan and 1 admit to express joy along with everyone else at the preview screen to this sequel to the 1999 hit comedy. only the laughs are built on discomfort and plethora, non on any intrinsical liquid body substance from within the news report itself. what separate american proto indo european 2 from its predecessor is heart. of the original, i noted it was " a warm, pleasant outing about the travail of produce upwards. " well, the quartet of chums - jim (jason biggs ), oz (chris melanie klein ), kevin (thomas ian st. nicholas) and finch (eddie kaye st. thomas) - have grown upwardly. at least they are a year older, just don river ' t appear any wiser. impudent from their world class class of college the quadruplet, along with the obnoxious stifler (seann william winfield scott ), rent a summer house by the lake in order to attract girls in an attempt to score. as usual nothing go right on until the concluding reel. but what we are left with is five guys spending intimately 2 hours drooling complete various unseasoned women. and american pie 2 is rather take down to woman. for the most contribution, they are not shown as individuals. they be nothing more than potential recipients of over - active, twit endocrine. it is telling that the near normal couple, oz and scots heather (mena suvari) spend the majority of the film examine to have phone sexual practice - she ' s overseas on an interchange student curriculum. despite hold been to college, jim make up still klutzy and sticky, unsure of himself around the opposite sex. most of the blunder and humiliations are heaped upon him, including a awful sequence involving an instant mucilage - like substance. also uncomfortable to determine is a chronological succession involving three of the chap with two young woman roomie, whom the boys suspect of being gay woman. it exist offensive and plays upon outdated, teenage stereotypes to father laughs. the initiative film, despite some raunchy moments, had an destitute charm to information technology. the sequel is to a greater extent cynical. it knows what its predominantly male interview member require and unabashedly gives it to them: the many mentions of finch ' s encounter with smotherer ' s mom becomes a wearisome running gag throughout as does eugene levy ' s return as jim ' s well - import, try - to - be - hip pop. the only performing artist world health organization is actually given some fresh, fresh material be alyson hannigan as michelle, the band eccentric from the original. in the sequel, she imbues her character with vulnerability, wisdom and matureness. american pie two equal a pre - sold commodity that will realise several million at the box spot. it is a shame, though, that in its haste to glance over in some bucks screenwriter adam herz, who too write the original, could not have typeset his sight higher. american pie two is funny, merely information technology ' s still a comedown as well as a disappointment. 