tomb plunderer. playfulness? excite? gainsay? given the unprecedented popularity (specially among teenage male child) of the video recording game that sport an uber - raw sienna, pistol packin ' babe who raid, well. .. grave, you have to believe it ' s these three thing and more than! " lara croft: tomb raider, " the big sieve variant of said video game, which feature a pumped up - upward angelina jolie (the academy award? achiever for " girl, interrupted " no le) in the claim role is, however, none of these things. it isn ' t fun, it isn ' t exciting, and the only challenge is view how long you can stay in your seat (i have through to the bitter, acrimonious conclusion; the wife opted for barnes & noble at the forty five - minute mark ). direct by simon benjamin west with the like subtlety atomic number 2 bring to " con line, " " tomb raider " is an empty - headed, big budget bore. the story borrows unintelligently from that mother of all turkeys " hudson mortarboard " (the like bunk about planetary conjunction and sanctified gem that, when brought together, advantageously. .. who the heck cares?) and it makes " first rate mario bros. " (bob hoskins ' ailment - apprize career move) looking alike " rocco and his brother " (that classic of italian neo - naive realism ). iodin ' ll go out on a limb hither and say i surmise there ' entropy in reality to a greater extent character development in the video biz than the movie proper. this is where the jolie withstander / video game bollock jump in and say this movie isn ' t about fiber development it ' s about kicking serious stub (operating theatre bum, since ms. croft hails from england ' reciprocal ohm green and pleasant ). with brim, breasts, and biceps all inflated to the max, lara croft is all astir posturing, and jolie has a hard time simply standing still without try to look tough. ok, let ' s forget challenging. shouldn ' t " tomb pillager " be, at the very least, fun and exciting? shouldn ' t our butt - kicking heroine also encompass the sophistication of, say, epistle of james adhesion with the wit of indiana jones? there ' s no humor to be regain anywhere in " grave raider, " even though it try heavy from time to time. still " the mummy returns " didn ' t assume itself too badly. the baddie hither is noticeably lacking, the special effect comprise ridiculously overblown and unnecessarily rarify, and the playscript is non - existent. to liven thing up (perhaps ), jolie ' s live father jon voight puts in a few minutes as lara ' s dead father of the church lord croft; tattle astir a reach. 1 affair i hadn ' t expected from the film is that jolie affects a slightly better english accent than her atomic number 91 (although i mistrust that flimsy - looking moustache atomic number 2 ' s forced to wear gets in the way some ). unsuccessful? non entirely. if anything, " lara croft: tomb raider " urinate you need to check come out the picture game itself to figure out exactly what all the tiff be about. 