long time buddies and neil diamond tribute band fellow member wayne (steve zahn, " happy, texas ") and joule. d. (jack black, " high faithfulness ") watch in horror as third mate darren silverman (jason biggs, " american pie ") disappears under the thumb of his new fiance book of judith, (amanda peet, " the solid nine yards ") a controlling head shrinker. they ' re doubly pain when the return of darren ' s ' unmatched and only love ' sandlike perkins (amanda detmer, " net destination ") returns to their rest home town merely doesn ' t cause a ripple in darren ' s devotion to judith. there ' s but one thing duke wayne and j. d. can think of doing - they abduct judith and cook her destruction in " saving silverman. " written by hank nelken and greg depaul after seeing a booster engaged to the wrong woman, " saving silverman " is directed by ' hit clowning music director ' dennis dugan of such films as " bountiful daddy, " " brain donors " and " job child. " information technology ' s a dismal, 3rd - charge per unit farrelly brothers rip turned that essay to milk humor from such inspired bits of whimsy as having darren ' s love pastime come from a family of circus freaks and be about to become a nun. gross away gag include a visual image of darren getting butt cheek implants. " saving silverman " is almost saved by stars zahn and contraband. these two are indeed comically talented they give the sack take bad material and still pitch the goods. they ' rhenium in " animal family " modality while the rest of the film trawls along and come up hollow. jason biggs can assign his integral career to the luck of receive been cast in the smash hit " american pie. " peet shows some forcible motion but no flair for comedy here while detmer slaps a brave, sweet smile onto her fount and soldiers through. roentgen. lee ermey (" full metal jacket ") is ane note in an mortifying performance as a psychopathic ex - football autobus. neil diamond appear at the film ' s climax as himself and miraculously enlivens the proceedings by belting tabu some of his onetime standards. 