cashing in on the success of white men tush ' t jump and the failure of most of their solo vehicle (include the cowboy way and drop zone ), wesley snipes and woody harrelson have reteamed, hoping that they can hit upwards the like achiever. unhappily, if this dismal, cliche ridden and mind - numbingly tedious action pic is anything to go by, they haven ' thyroxine got a chance in hell of still come closely. this time out, the pair period of play foster brother who are transit cop. following several run - ins with their tyrannical boss (robert blake ), who is obsessed with the " money string " - - a train which carries whole the subway ' s takings - - and bequeath permit zilch stop it (now * there ' s * an original plot gimmick ), harrelson ' s character decides to try and take off with the hard currency. along the way, both of them strike in sexual love with the same fair sex - - another transportation cop who also hates her boss. this direct to the typical sibling rivalry crap that you commonly find in a moving picture show of this standard (' you were invariably the better brother ' etc. etc. etc. ), and doesn ' triiodothyronine help to supply anything to the flick. given a better script, better performers in supporting roles and a shorter running time (the film virtually break for two hours - - or did it just feel like it? ), this moving picture might (and i mean * might *) have bend out fine, but as it is, it is stocked with the worst action picture cliches, whose just purpose appears to be to pad the film stunned to information technology painfully long running time. robert blake, world health organization plays the evil boss, give birth got to be the most pathetic high risk guy in film story! he sounds like john wayne newton, and look to think the best direction to appear evil equal to have your eyes come out as though they are astir to bristle kayoed of their sockets! just this is only one of money train ' s problems. if you see at the script as if information technology was an activity motion picture, information technology lacks originality and suspense. but if you try to look at it as if information technology be a rip off film, it is still worse. the final robbery successiveness is almost trivialize and the characters definitely ain ' t dike and sundance. the movie international relations and security network ' t all bad though. snipe and harrelson, when they aren ' thyroxin habituate the dumb cliches that the script gives them, make an conformable duo, and some of the stunt - work be indeed excellent. but respectable stunt - piece of work cannot save a bottom - of - the - barrelful action at law movie. if you ' re a really undemanding activity monstrosity, thither ' s a prospect you ' ll like this. simply if you ' re looking for something original, or suspenseful, try someplace else - - iodin doubt you ' ll find it here. 