let me begin by saying that this is easy the worst movie in the entire functionary (and still unofficial) james shackle serial. it be so full of self - sendup and silly characters that you would almost believe you constitute watching a charade. an presage of what is to come is put up by the pre - credits sequence, a dim affair featuring a confrontation between a man (it ' s unmanageable to give a upright description since no acknowledgment of him be made elsewhere in the movie) and the bravo of the title. a song with woefully terrible language follow, and the rest of the movie is still worse. the plot power have been a pleasant change from the common rule - the - world so often found in the james bond movies of the 70s, but here we get a confused mismash astir a fabled assassin, francisco scaramanga (christopher lee, commit in a operation which personify one of the rare saving graces of this picture) who someone has apparently payed one million dollars to in order to dispatch roger moore ' s 007. there is also a flimsy connection with the department of energy crisis and a lack solar jail cell with 95% efficiency. information technology ' s as much of a mess as it sounds. trammel is " helped " in his task by mary goodnight (ekland ), whose fiber couldn ' t possibly be any close to the stereotypical bimbo. during the grade of the movie she baffle locked in both a closet and a machine trunk, blooper around a control elbow room accidentally setting off a optical maser and serves no purpose in enhancing the plot whatsoever. maud adams (afterwards to star in octopussy) be a much more than stronger and useful character, but she hardly features in the motion picture show. scaramanga ' s lackey is a dwarf anticipate nik - nak, who rather fittingly follow also possibly the silliest henchman in the serial, dish out astir irritation and weak dialog in equal measures. worse still be an almost full lack of action throughout the solid pic. there is but one battle chronological succession about fifteen minutes in (not counting a ludicrous vista where deuce teenage girls beat upward several dozen train soldierlike artists - - another misguided attempt at humor ). the solitary elevator car following power possess been a highlighting, only the " action mechanism " is interrupt on a frequent basis by a redneck sheriff (watt second. w. black pepper, act by clifton king james of live and let die out " fame ") yelling stupid comments out of the passenger window. he is easily the to the highest degree irritating character in a james adhesiveness moving picture show. even his bearing could have been made endurable by one of the about impressive auto stunts in cinematic history, a 360 degree twisting loop jump over a broken bridgework - - could have been, except somebody got the idea to dub a mocking whistle tone over the final print. on tiptop of that walloping, the unharmed end of the film is an anticlimatic succession in scaramanga ' s " funhouse ". the only good thing that came out of this movie was that the producers had to make the next film in the series (the boundlessly ranking " the spy who loved maine ") a great pic in purchase order for the bond enfranchisement to survive. 