note: some may regard portions of the watch text edition to be spoilers. equal forewarned. " quick, redbreast! the anti - shark repellent! " - adam west in the 1966 batman feature picture, casually kicking at a pathetic - look pencil eraser shark attached to his leg i hold never thought that an entry in the modern embodiment of the batman feature of speech film would approach this story of campiness, but in many instances batman and robin nears, and at some level even exceeds this standard. this is a disasterously bad film, easily the worst in the series to engagement, and fairly epitomizes a cinematic definition of the word excessive - it ' s loud, garish, and obnoxious, with pointless, costless action sequences and set piece which clutter up the screen with elaborate yield innovation to the point of overkill. batman and robin features the caped crusaders (george clooney debuting as batman, with chris o ' donnell returing as robin) squaring off against another bevy of chemically - induced villains - the nefarious ice - cold mr. freeze (arnold schwarzenegger ), armed with a weapon which freezes everything in its sights, and the slinky poison ivy (uma thurman ), who has the ability to blow powerful know dust into the faces of men in order so that they will fall impotently in love with her (not that the dust is really necessary to accomplish this result, merely whatever ), and then dispatch them with a poisoned kiss. by ivy ' s side is the elephantine steroid monster nemesis (jeep swanson ), a grunting whale of a wolf. the villains ' goals are noble ones - freeze steals diamonds to power his climate suit (in order to keep his body temperature at zero degree ), hence that he can survive in fiat to devise a cure for his beloved wife (vendela ), dying of a degenerative disease and frozen in suspended animation, and ivy ' s intent is to restore the dominance of plant life on earth, albeit by destroying all human life. meanwhile, on the homefront, aliveness at wayne manor house is thrown into upheaval by the illness of butler alfred penn'orth (michael gough ), and the arrival of his niece barbara (alicia silverstone ). akiva goldsman ' atomic number 16 screenplay for the film is ridiculous and laughably bad, with astonishingly terrible dialogue, crippled jokes, and an awful by - the - phone number plot which just coasts along and go wrong to get any genuine excitement. it makes goldsman ' s screenplay of batman forever, which i view was dreadful, search positively cheer in comparison. i be still astonish that a cheesy plot of ground device which i ' d see used in - no joke - an episode of gilligan ' s island somehow attain it way into a multimillion dollar blockbuster production. book of joel schumacher ' s guidance of batman and robin be direful, with a terrible balance of flashiness terminated substance. there is a clear conceit towards neon in this film, even moreso than with his premature batman forever, with the revamped batcave helpfully sporting gigantic glowing emblems for the dynamic duo (just in case, unity suppose, if they ever so happen to forget that the batcave is the headquarters of batman and robin ), and with neon prominently figuring in an utterly - pointless fight sequence with bane and a street gang over ivy ' s chosen raw home. another action episode which fails to serve any useful point other than to chew up five minute of screentime ask an incredibly uninvolving recent - night bike raceway with barbara and some gotham goons. mr. schumacher ' s focus for batman and robin appears to be to piddle the film as visually striking as possible, to the detriment of the story - in that respect are drastic shifts in the tone of the celluloid between all - verboten camp and heartfelt drama, with the latter completely flimsy and ineffective. it is perhaps not the virtually promising of augury when the group i be with burst tabu laughing within xx seconds of the picture ' s scuttle, yet before a single line of dialogue had comprise uttered. is batman and american robin supposed to be campy? i think it is - it ' s hard to guess that the film producer could have intended many parts of the film to comprise taken at all seriously. ( one of my favourites was when bane helpfully grunted " bomb! " each sentence he set refine an explosive twist in the gotham observatory. ) make up it supposed to follow as overly campy as information technology turned out to be? i somehow uncertainty information technology - the subplot involving afred constitute delivered so solemnly and with such graveness that the impression is made that the film isn ' t attempting to be the arrant farce comedy which it is. arnold schwarzenegger be top - billed in the film as the nefarious mr. freezing, and be bland and uninteresting, possibly the worst thing that a baddie hind end be. mister. schwarzenegger ' s attempts to cost menacing be laughable, and his effort at carry pathos make up laughable; frankly, everything he does onscreen be laughable. by the last of the film, i was stifling a chortle every time helium simply appeared onscreen. the bulk of his carrying into action consists of uttering penny pinching - unintelligble punning and one - line drive feature every possible permutation of " cool! " in the least inventive way. george clooney ingest be given really little to do in batman and robin, being overshadowed by the villains, and consequently atomic number 2 looks quite uncomfortable in the film. his batman is scarcely an imposing figure. chris atomic number 8 ' donnell is unimpressive in a unrivalled - note performance, while alicia silverstone lackadasically fails to puddle any depression at all. the film ' sulphur one keep grace? undoubtably uma thurman ' s entertaining carrying out as aphrodisiacal villainess poison ivy. her work in batman and robin be certainly terminated - the - top, just in a controlled way which work splendidly within the whole tone of the film. megabyte. thurman ' s comic timing is impeccable, and reminds america that information technology claim skilled performers to make campiness work successfully. ( i ' m already take off to positively reassess jim carrey ' s execution in batman forever. ) her amusing poisonous substance ivy exist the most entertaining character in the film, and when she ' s offscreen the pic greatly suffers. one trope that if one has to kick the bucket, be snog to death by uma thurman isn ' t a half - bad way of life to go. while batman and robin was hardly a ride of pulse - throbbing excitement, i must admit that i was not bored watching it, although single did glance at my watch repeatedly done the screening - my attention was keep through anticipation of the utterance of yet another terrible pun or matchless - liner, and by awaiting yet another tantrum to fall matte. it ' s be a recollective time since i ' ve laughed so much at a movie. " at ", of path, follow the operative book. 