keep cool, a chinese movie directed by semi - effected film maker yimou zhang, was 1 of the offset picture show for this year ' s hawaii international motion picture festival. on the solar day it premiered, lines of eager motion picture fan stretched around the block, some anticipant have queued up advantageously in cash advance to flummox a good prat in the theater. they necessitate not own wasted their time. the movie constitute billed as a comedy, simply constitute surprisingly unbeloved of humor. there constitute detectable attempt at laughs, but very few tries really click. i question if on that point were jokes that i wasn ' t buzz off because i ' m not from republic of china, but unfortunately my conclusion be that this lack of sense of humour couldn ' triiodothyronine be attributed to the cultural barrier either. keep cool only isn ' t very comical. the preliminary to the film be a visit by keep cool ' s producer world health organization, with the help of an voice, regale uracil of how in order to get the photographic print to the festival in time, an assistant hand carried it on the plane from china to hawaii. although the photographic print made it, the assistant ' s luggage comprise lost. too bad that storey wasn ' deoxythymidine monophosphate in the moving picture, because it got a heavy laugh. qu ying, the celluloid ' s female tip, was besides on hand to commit a few remark. however, whereas the producer politely make regular pauses in his dialogue so the interpreter could bring us up to speed, m. ying saw fit to enunciate everything she have to enunciate in one, fast - pace, incredibly long tirade. it was dizzying; undecomposed prefiguration for the film. you see, maintain cool is filmed almost totally with a photographic camera handheld by a mankind with a bad causa of the shakes. at least that ' s the way information technology look, since the photographic camera is constantly moving. movie theatre verite is one thing, but pan and shaking some until your audience have a headache is another. although some might deliberate it a form which helps give the viewer an musical theme of the anarchic country into which chinese youth is slowly rise, single found it thoroughly distracting, and after a while, quite gravel. headache, as i say. the cinema be astir a young bookseller (wen jiang) world health organization be after a young woman (qu ying ). they used to be romantically tangled, but the woman grow weary of him and leave the relationship. the first half of the film is about the untried man ' randomness plan to win her rear. of course the thing is, she doesn ' t want to follow won back, and hold a nightclub owner champion of hers rough him up a bit. in the battle, the young humans grab a laptop data processor belonging to a bystander and attempts to utilize it to fend off his attacker, but only ends upward smashing it against a lamppost. we later find out that the laptop belongs to an older man who wishes to buzz off his damage figurer replaced. in that location is a shady scene (the only if one in the film) where the untried gentleman's gentleman tries to use some twisted logic in order to get the older man to attempt tabu the nightclub owner (baotian li) in order to recoup his losses. there be no sense to equal made knocked out of the new woman ' s demeanour; cold ane minute, caring the following, so we finger no sympathy for her character. the bookseller would represent better off without her. although the second half of the film do uracil to miss a lot of fellow feeling for the young bookseller as well, who is obsessed with chopping off the nightclub owner ' s hand as revenge for the beating he took, it also put up us some gracious interaction between the bookseller and the older man. while the bookseller be blinded by his thirst for revenge, the older human being is the representative of reason and tries to rationalize each situation. his quest to end the difference of opinion peacefully and equitably live the one we key out with, but it is frustrating to check that he seem to be talk to a brick wall half the time. a friendship develop between the two men, but it come too late in the film for the interview to apprise. although only an hour and a half in length, hold back cool contains impertinent cloth. the unhurt plot of land of how the bookseller is after the young woman could have been taken extinct, since we don ' t see her from the midpoint on. a case of mistaken identity surgery some other twist could have served as the point of conflict between the bookseller and the nightspot owner, and would get saved us from the bookseller ' s boring pursuit during the 1st half. only of row, this would have shortened the moving picture show to less than an hour. there are a few things that keep poise do right. as mentioned before, the fundamental interaction between the bookseller and the old man is mostly pretty good. although it uprise tiresome, the reason out with the unreasonable is a nice exercise in logic, and represents the difference in thinking between generation. in one vista, for example, the bookseller quotes confucius to get his point across, but the honest to goodness man lay claim the quote was misinterpret, and that information technology means something entirely different. also effective make up the way zhang sets up tension within a scene, such as when the bookseller represent have quick to trim back off the hand of the ignorant nightclub owner. the club owner is look out money, slapping each bundle of currency on the tabular array. with every shot of his hand, we can scarcely stand the eternal wait before the bookseller is going to draw ko'd his cleaver and exact his revenge. unfortunately, these crumbs be not plenty to master the rest of the photographic film ' s defect, and weren ' t adequate to prevent that head ache from lingering after i left the field. 