sure enough no one would rent ed wood ' s glen oregon glenda? expecting to see a unspoiled movie, but this screwy discussion astir transvestism betrays a horizontal surface of incompetence that one didn ' t know was potential. in fact, wood ' s infamous plan 9 from extinct space in reality look pretty tame by comparison. watching glen or glenda? single get hold myself occasionally wonder if grant wood have originally made 2 or three separate movies and accidentally edited them in concert; as a result, it is in reality quite entertaining in that it is unintentionally hilarious. the movie starts out as what mostly seems like a bad documentary, with endless, insistent narration about transvestite, how difficult it is for a transvestite to reckon at his girlfriend ' s clothes without being able to wear them, how cross dresser are not inevitably homosexuals, and how the main character, glen / glenda be (as it reminds us probably half a dozen times) " non half man and half woman, but valet and woman at the same time. " the camera work is terrible - occasionally the camera footle on, read, a closed door while the characters talk sour - screenland, or inexplicably rapid growth in on individual ' s pinna or nose. sir henry wood likewise makes ample use of mostly irrelevant stock footage, which direct to voiced - over non - sequiturs like, " yes, our earth exist a busy and frightening place, with so many people driving their car. " finally, thither is occasional comment from bela lugosi as a sort of omniscient being world health organization seem to inhabit a frankenstein - dash laboratory, delivering wasted lines such as, " people. . . all with their own thoughts. . . their own theme. . . . " while lightning crackleware quasi - ominously overhead. sustain wood continued in this vein, glen or glenda? credibly would have been remembered as nothing more than a poorly done documentary film with the occasional inappropriate repugnance - movie touch. unfortunately, helium then meander so far off into leftover area that you get to wonder if helium had been eating some funny mushroom when he wrote the script. " pull the drawing string! pull up the string! " announces an alarmed lugosi as stock footage of buffalo seem. there be another clangoring of lightning before lugosi coming back, this time warning us, " beware. . . beware the full grown green dragon that bushwhack outside your door! . . . it eats little boy. . . and puppy dogs ' tails. . . and big fat escargot! " a bizarre nightmare sequence, which is probably meant to be symbolic simply or else is scarce unbelievably dazed, ensues, during which glen / glenda detect his fiance trapped under a fallen tree diagram - in the living room. someone who be apparently intended to personify the sinister " gullible tartar " (but look more like a klingon from the original virtuoso trek series) appears to be orchestrating all this, though the film is far from clear on this period (to put it kindly ). near the end of this scene - and hither i must confess that mrs. henry wood lost me completely - is a violent sexual meeting on a lounge that features two fiber who do non yet appear in the rest of the movie and is scored by goofily upbeat folk music music. after this scene ends (non a moment overly soon ), glen or glenda? returns to its documental style, but at that point any lollygag good sense that forest had the slightest idea what helium was doing is somewhat much gone. the film wanders to a dumb felicitous ending that as well seems to give up often of what it was trying to suppose astir transvestism, merely at that period it didn ' t matter much what happened. as soon as the said sex scene follow all over, glen or glenda? had passably much cement its stead in my mind as the most incoherent celluloid i had ever seen. i honestly think that if i picked up my camcorder and advisedly tried to pretend the worst picture show i possibly could, information technology still mightiness not match glen operating room glenda? for sheer cinematic disaster. iodine be giving this movie an f, only iodine ' m not trusted that quite does it judge. 