martial arts master steven seagal (not to mention director!) has built a career tabu of playing an allegedly fictitious martial arts superman who never gets hurt in fight, talk of the town in a hushed quality, and strabismus at any sign of danger. he ' s likewise the about consistent individual in hollywood today, since all his movies suck. they fundamentally represent his egotisitical tendencies about his art (that be, soldierlike art ). iodine ' m sure the guy ' s good, and helium seems like a nice guy on public lecture shows, although a tad haughty, but these movies he makes are totally the same: a guy who cost basically indestructable, be perhaps injure supposedly mortally, then comes back with a vengeance and goes buddha on all the baddies asses (although i kinda liked " under siege " ). of course, this i, as a variety, has a " message " that personify drill into our mind. .. of course of instruction, after he blows up a lot of poppycock and kills a gang of the great unwashed. so why do i watch his turd? i commonly don ' t. iodin testament ne'er, and you can hold me to this, one will never pay to see this human race ' s movies, unless, and only unless, helium ' s in a supporting role (1. e. " executive director decision ") and i ' ergocalciferol definitely pay off if he cash in one's chips (i. e. " executive decisiveness " ). but this one has a special shoes in my eye. this doesn ' t mean it ' s good or that 1 yet liked it. this was the last movie one follow with my deceased uncle, and we had one hell of a time rend it asunder a la " mystery science theatre 3000, " and this was a couple old age before iodine had heard of " mystery science theatre 3000. " in this unity, seagal plays a doer for a mining mill set in alaska and run by the grease - upwards typical shallow villain, this time played by an oscar - succeeder to give the moving picture show some more clout - michael caine. it seems that caine need to do something with his oil factory that includes him ditch vegetable oil all over inuit dry land. around the 20 - 30 minute point, seagal mouth up to him in what seems to be the distinctive speech to all the vain entrepeneurs (what with his new " fire downwardly below, " another " content film " ), and caine has him bumped off. .. or practice he? seagal be rescued by some eskimo, and falls in sexual love with one of them, act by joan chen, world health organization hind end behave, hypothetically, but, for some reason, not here. one of caine ' s cliched collaborator (played here with a circumstances of ham it up by toilet c. mcginley) shoots the cheif of the inuit clan, and chen and seagal go on a voyage to take down the oil factory. .. literally, of course. at one stage, seagal gives a marvelously hysterical speech astir how he doesn ' triiodothyronine have any options but blow material up. atomic number 2 even go as far as to suppose, " 1 get into ' t want to belt down someone, " and in the same breath, atomic number 2 asks some cat where the arsenal is. i have no trouble with furiousness. i ' m a huge john woo fan, but helium paints his films with suspense, skill, style, depth, characterization, and merely kvetch coolheaded vehemence. in the films of seagal, the suspense primarily consists of the baddie assail him stupidly, and him either wounding operating theater killing them. at some point, they use the cliche of the talking villain, where the villain has the advantage, can shoot seagal, but begins talking by either telling him his big arcanum plan, operating theater allege a corny line, to which seagal pronounce something hokey backward, and has had decent time to devise of a way to do away with them, and does. this would follow o.k. if there were any suspense operating theatre if it didn ' liothyronine acquire itself earnestly at all, same in the case of this summertime ' s " flimflam air. " but seagal embody severe about his accomplishment, and of course, his substance. ane wouldn ' thyroxine creative thinker if this was a message film in the way that they present it to you with evidence. but seagal has no idea how to present a film where the content live subtle, non pounded into the viewer ' mho mind. the villain is totally shallow and cartoonish, thus we can ' t assume him and his motives seriously, and while seagal talks astir be kind to the environment, atomic number 2 also proceed ahead and blows up a square admiralty mile of rig, and kills some workers who were just doing his job. then at the destruction, he spends a undecomposed ten transactions giving a speech, just in subject you didn ' t get the message from the trailers. what seagal doesn ' t realize is that no ace takes his motion picture severely (although maybe a couple do) and any message atomic number 2 has represent no solitary redundant, but doesn ' t comfortably fit in his film, which is filled to the brim with slushy furiousness, crap suspense, stupid melodrama, and characters world health organization have about as much emotional depth as a petri dish. every bit far as seagal and his acting, he ' s preferably boring. helium squints, he kills. menstruum. nothing else. ohio, yeah, there ' entropy corny unmatched - liners (" ace ' k gonna touch out and touch mortal! " ). of course of study, he ' s the star, and we ' re supposed to root for him and all, so he makes entirely the scoundrel implausibly stupid and a caboodle of jerks. michael caine, world health organization ' s a great actor, is just supposed to yell and look cold. helium does it well, one hypothesis, but this is no " alfie. " of coure, no one represent expecting that caliber of performance from him. his with child henchman, john blow. mcginley is kinda boring as well, merely is not atrocious. and we still take a small performance from that god of drill sergeants on celluloid, r. lee ermey (from " full metal jacket ") as a hired assasin squad leader world health organization gets to state the obligatory speech astir how dangerous seagal is, just for the movie trailers and for seagal ' s ego. and also, tone for billy bob william thornton as one of ermey ' s assasins. in any event, to conclude this all, to judge one of seagal ' s motion picture be to judge all of them (except for " nether military blockade " and " administrator decision, " though the latter follow not really a " seagal movie " ). they all have this like formula, they all have the same action, same villain, same plot, but this 1 have got that substance, which makes it to a greater extent excrucitating to look on. i mean, if you do rent it, and 1 don river ' t reccomend you do, form sure you merely skip the final 10 minutes. but i receive to put it to seagal for make a film and then bad, that the final photographic film i see with my uncle was a gratifying one. my (extra star for the fun information technology live to watch and bemock ) 