this is one and only of the worst full grown - blind moving picture show experience i ' ve had for a while. with this film, plus ` showgirl ' and ` introductory instinct ', paul verhoeven has stamped himself as currently unmatchable of the worst blockbuster director. his notable film ` total recall ' was? 1 admit? successfully script, merely it all the same contained directorial flaws. obviously nobody wanted to invest too much money in a output from mortal like verhoeven, the final result being that lots of the special effects in ` spaceship ' seemed fake. just non everything bad in the picture was the manager ' s fault, still though he exist one of the guys world health organization hire the actors. information technology is surprising that none of the histrion received nominating speech for the razzie awards (i expected five for the acting class ). casserole amour propre devoid, dense ribald, grimy miasm, and jackass bushy are in serious need of acting school. no, they have to pass principal school drama class first. while ` total ' was write easily, ` spaceship ' is strictly pathetic. all right, information technology is guess to be a fast - paced entertainment film, and you ' ray supposed to turn off your reason (completely) and enjoy the legal action sequences and special effects (that is, sand and gore ). as a matter of fact, i recover the activity incredibly drilling, a complete wastefulness of more than than two hours. half of the film was a bad episode of ` beverly hill 90210 ' (dina meyer was in " beverly hills " ), while another after part was simply nothing (things like presenting irrelevant information in an irritating way on the world wide web ), and the rest was a exhibit of humans fighting computing device - generated images. the battles be all the same? jumping around, shoot operating theatre draw jab? and on barren planet that but had jumbo insects. there weren ' t even any stunts, which i consider slimly more exciting than pictures running or so. ane wonder what the insects eat, if thither ' s nothing just them on the planets? there be then much laughable treatment in this film, and information technology is frankly not amuse when jokes are intended. this case of story is patently aimed at 10 - year - old, who can ' t see information technology in any case because of the violence and some sexuality. merely then, there be always xvi - year - olds world health organization have that frame of mind. the pointless plot start when johnny ' s (conceit devoid) girlfriend carmen (richards) decides that she want to connect the troopers to fight the insects world health organization are throwing asteroids at land. johnny then signal upwards as a trooper too, after an overacted literary argument with his parent. but there is another little girl, dizzy (meyer ), who likes johnny and then there follow another boy who care carmen, which results in a sexual love quadrangle, which isn ' t better, because it mean augmented worse - than - stereotyped liquid ecstasy opera, increased bitchiness, and more risky beverly hills + melrose. and the resultant of this love quadrilateral at the last is also quite stupid. anyhow, dumbfound back to the affair you power cry game, johnny is to a fault stunned to be a pilot and have to join the infantry, while his girl and the other dude are in the same league. dizzy come chasing greyback and connect the infantry also. they then jump training, which contains what roger ebert calls ips (idiot plot syndrome, moment when only an idiot would have make such obvious mistake ), and so real scrap. and guess what? that ' s about every bit complex as information technology gets. oh, and one of their quaker, carl (neil patrick harris a. kb. a. doogie howser m. d. ), becomes involved in war intelligence activity, and his abilities at the end are really corny and make me desire to spray insecticide on person for it. he ' s my 5th nom for a razzie. the trooper fight, fall in love, dice, vote out, and try to dissemble. naturally, they win, beaver state form of half - win. of course, in between (and at the end) thither are soldier chatting and smile while carrying grievous wounds do by microbe legs. the hemipteran also suffer from ip: why would you free hold of your wrapped before killing it? isn ' t it also amazing that worldling haven ' t invented respectable hired man - held artillery by then? the only question that persist is why i give information technology one star topology instead of zero. well, maybe a - quarter (of a star) for the originality of the colorado - sexual practice shower scene and the (rattling) brief moments of suspense, another quarter for re create ` zulu ' and letting the good guys (the bugs) win, and one half a star for the imbibe - out of the brain of one of those people who call themselves actors (but there should take been more, the troopers merit to die ). 