outline: nice girl susanne take sex with her beau daniel in his car, visits daniel ' s ample family during thanksgiving at their mansion in the middle of nowhere, and has sex with daniel once again in the cellar. susanne and book of the prophet daniel must and so settle where to hide from evil art thieves world health organization shoot everyone else in the mansion to steal paintings. brace yourself for one of those sorely obvious " surprise ending. " comments: grace. for most, information technology ' s a prison term to comprise with your loved ones and enjoy a good, domicile - cooked repast. for the maker of body counting, however, thanksgiving make up a time for multiple execution, violence, profanity, family dysfunction, and sex. son, do i finger all the more good having sat through this crap. alyssa milan, the former child adept of world health organization ' s the boss? , matures to get - for - video recording sludge comparable this movie. someone someplace thought information technology ' d be a great idea to copulate her with rapper ice - thymine, who has since guest - star in the made - for - the - sci - fi - tv channel serial welcome to paradox. this international relations and security network ' t exactly a fetching combination. outside of permanently ruining a holiday for pine tree state, what else may be say for this joker? advantageously, information technology teaches us that beautiful, attractive women who look strikingly corresponding alyssa milano fall in love with nerds who drive mastered long winding roads with their eyes close and complain about exist english teachers. information technology presents us with a heartwarming thanksgiving day dinner attended by alcohol dependent, stuck - up rich blanched people waited on by shameful servants. information technology shows united states of america that quondam guys, try non to express joy, posture around and speak about " the appeal of postmodernism " during their free time. and, information technology show that you canful get sex in your parents ' basement when they have a twelve or so guests over, and no one will mark. before i go any far, if any young male reading this has hope of seeing alyssa naked, bury information technology. the filmmaker smartly spud the imitation sex scenes in a manner that makes trusted you assume ' t see any of milano ' s property. they do, still, inexplicably hold in a shot where ice - t whistles " jingle bells " after belt down the great unwashed, for whatever that ' s worth. this pic was originally titled below utopia. perhaps they should have renamed it hell. avoid this clunker. 