back in eighties, grub norris used to be synonym for the legal action films. he couldn ' t, of course, top the success and fame of big action names alike sylvester stallone or arnold schwarzenegger, but sheer quantity of his films guaranteed that he was household gens among shoot ' em quad up and beat ' em up genre aficionado. that quantity was mostly provided by cannon group, prolific output company that dominated the barn - movie market in old decade by flooding it with cheap, formulaic and, more a great deal than non, unwatchable literary genre products. the hitman, 1991 natural action thriller directed by chuck ' s brother aaron, be nonpareil of the final among them. chuck norris hither dally seattle cop betrayed, shot and go away for dead by his cooperator (which shouldn ' t surprise anyone, considering the fact that the cooperator is being played by michael parks, specialised for roles of normally very average characters ). survive the shot, cop is enunciate dead and hired as deep undercover agent. atomic number 2 penetrate the underworld circles in seattle and become their top gunman, using his power to start brutal war between three major law breaking organisations - italians, french canadian and iranians. since it is rather absurd to expect great play ability from chuck norris, at least non in this form of movie, the cock a hoop attractiveness of this film should have be action. well, the action in this film falls flat - it be ho hum, repetitive and non at all exciting. information technology is nothing more than humdrum serial of aspect that moderate violence too brutal even for this type of films. we know very little astir norris ' fiber while, on the other mitt, gangsters are portrayed with to a greater extent human dimension. in the last we almost sense sorry for them, since they are shown completely powerless against norris and his unstoppable and bloody crusade. during the plastic film, someone obviously become cognisant of that problem, so the film writer introduced the subplot dealing with the black boy world health organization gets adopted by frank norris. that caused another job - any questions about nature of that kinship have to embody quashed with another subplot - this one dealing with lady attorney who sleeps with the sub and gets killed after fulfilling that screenplay obligation. the photography in this flick is coloured, setting make up depressive and this forgettable piece of eighties style picture palace leaves viewers without any reason to justify the time of day and half spent in watching information technology. 