yet though i bear the utmost respect for richard dreyfuss as an actor, his presence in a question picture does non guarantee any finical level of quality. like everyone else, dreyfuss get bills to ante up, so he occasionally accepts big paychecks for prominent roles in bad moving picture. accordingly, while his vocation high spot include jaw, close encounters of the tertiary kind, stakeout, and tin men, his resume is dotted with titles like moonlight terminated parador, permit it ride, and now krippendorf ' s tribe. let me start out by saying that krippendorf ' s kindred be occasionally funny (although never riotously and so ), just that ' southward astir its only plus. the best holy writ to describe this film be " asinine. " the target interview would appear to be late nursery shoal graduates if not for the numerous sexual insinuation, which are aimed at mortal go through puberty. krippendorf ' s kinship group tries to be a zany, off - the - paries clowning, but the plastic film makers have blank out terzetto significant rules. the first be that some minimal floor of plot credibility has to exist. the second is that tv audience should be able to key out with, operating theatre at least care about, a character operating theater two. last, and most significantly, more than pentad% of the jokes have to work. erst upon a time, james krippendorf (dreyfuss) be a respected professor of anthropology at trivial bounderby college. he and his wife obtained a ulysses s. grant to attempt out a " lose tribe " somewhere in the wilds of new guinea, a goal which they ne'er reach. shortly after their return from the failed trip, krippendorf ' s married woman died and he was forget with the powerful undertaking of raising trine children - - shelly (natasha lyonne ), mickey (gregory metalworker ), and edmund (carl michael linder) - - on his own. straightaway, over a yr later, the college wants to see the results of the money they gave krippendorf (which helium has spent not on research, but on things for his menage ), so they send a new member of their faculty, prof veronica micelli (jenna elfman ), to inform him that he has been schedule to give a lecture on his findings. when atomic number 2 go far at the college for the momentous event, rather than severalise the true statement and risking cost sent to jail for misappropriating shoal monetary resource, he fabricates a tale astir a mythic lost tribe, the " shelmikedmu ". to provide video footage, he take his nestling prune in native garb. soon, much to krippendorf ' s surprise, the shelmikedmu are a national phenomenon. only 1 disaffect professor (lily tomlin) is regulate to prove that the tribe equal a fraud. the only way krippendorf ' s kinship group works is if you assume that all of the characters (not to mention the viewers) are dumber than dirt. regrettably, information technology ' s impossible to like or sympathize with a bunch of putzes like this. director todd nederland altogether give out to develop any character into something more substantial than a device to implement various dubious gags. meanwhile, attempts at satirizing the superficiality of american culture (i. vitamin e. , how easily the populace send away be fooled into jumpstart on the bandwagon of the a la mode trend) come in across as feeble and derivative. the playacting in underwhelming. dreyfus have definitely not given his " all " to the role of james krippendorf. alongside him, jenna elfman, the spunky carbon monoxide gas - adept of idiot box ' s dharma and greg, radiates perkiness and little else. this quality, while fine for a xxii - minute television program, quickly get irritating in the arena of a feature of speech - duration picture show. no one in the fend for cast - - lily tomlin, david ogden stiers, natasha lyonne (woody allen ' s girl in everyone says i love you) - - excels. i know that a moving picture ' s in trouble when information technology ' s half the duration of titanic, merely appear much longer. most of what fall on screen is generic sit - com horizontal surface material - - the kind of pigwash that people will soak up while dozing murder in their favorite easy professorship in front of the video set. if at that place ' south any upside, information technology ' s that i get into ' t see much corner - office support developing for this square, ill - marketed miscue. krippendorf ' s tribe will quickly become extinct. 