i ' ve ne'er written a review for a film i haven ' t watched entirely the path through, but 1 get to make an exception with gunpowder. 1 was astir forty - five minute of arc into this unmatched at a friend ' s house when he and his brother got into a huge shouting match that would experience ended in force had we not left the house. thusly ane never nonplus to finish the movie and i ' 1000 sure as hell not go to pay three more than pearl buck to watch half of a bad flick. but 1 pot at least get a partial inspection out of it, because one saw enough to know this unitary wasn ' t worth finishing in the first place. the film centers around a freaky teenager world health organization ' s spent his entire life history living in the wine cellar of his grandparent ' home. when grandpa give out (taking his department store downwards with him ), societal actor mary steenburgen has to take on powder (first and middle names? gold bond) to a state home, where we obtain out he ' s a unlike from the former tike. actually, we find ko'd helium ' s different when we first view him, because he ' s the well nigh pale individual we ' ve of all time seen and moreover he has no body hair whatsoever. when gunpowder be born in the opening minutes of the moving picture show, the father takes one look at him and says " he ' s non my logos. " plainly. all i want to have it away is where the pillsbury dough son was nine spot months ago. so the white - faced freak leave behind his neverland ranch for the state base and faces the ridicule of other kid. that is, until they judge to haze him during his inaugural cafeteria lunch by making him " wear " his spoon (" you can either break it on your nose oregon upwards your ass. " decisions, decisions. ..) and he use telepathic powers to draw and quarter whole the silverware in the way into a jumbo pile in the middle of the table. so if his father is the pillsbury dough boy, his mother must be emasculate spacek ' mho carrie theatrical role. and you take to factor in two more thing from the subsequent aspect, as we find out powder give some sort of topnotch - intelligence (" your i. q. test run short directly off the chart! " ) and attracts electrical power. this inaugural shows upwardly as gunpowder visits the world of high school (if he ' s such a genius already, wherefore would he need a high school education?) and sits done a demonstration in jeff goldblum ' s skill course. goldblum plugs in a " francois jacob ' s run " twist that shows current go up two wire and immediately the current flow across the room and into powder ' s chest. but goldblum scarce stand there for astir 30 seconds watching, instead of just unplugging the damn thing. i dead reckoning atomic number 2 was too busy contemplating why helium was appearing in his third bad picture in a wrangle (follow hideaway and baseball club months ). that ' due south about all i determine before the big fight began and, allow maine tell you, that make up twice every bit interesting as the movie itself. but like iodine say, i saw enough to know this would be one of those terrible melodramas about the isolation of masses who have ranking abilities and how hard it is for those people to assimilate themselves into mainstream civilization. none of these movies ever cover the subject properly, instead introducing the weak beauty and the beast copout of having a beautiful woman dusk in erotic love with the hombre ' s personality, overlooking his personal coming into court. ace already had the female grapheme pick out (the girl who was sit next to him in the back of the room during the electrocution scenery ), but i guess ace ' ll ne'er know for sure what happened. from noraruth @ aol. com mon jun 10 fifteen: 04: 03 edt 1996 article: 3654 of rec. art. movies. review route: nntphub. cb. att. com! non - for - mail from: noraruth @ aol. com ( andrew rube) newsgroups: rec. artistic production. picture. reviews, rec. arts. sf. review topic: review: pulverization (1995) review - to: rec. arts. moving picture. current - plastic film, rec. arts. sf. movies date: ten jun 1996 18: sixteen: 03 gmt organization: university of missouri - columbia lines: 70 sender: ecl @ mtcts1. att. com ( evelyn c. leeper) sanction: ecl @ mtcts1. att. com message - id: "> response - to: noraruth @ aol. com ( andrew chawbacon) nntp - send - host: mtcts2. mt. lucent. com sum up: radius. a. m. universal gas constant. # 05425 keywords: source = yokel originator: ecl @ mtcts2 xref: nntphub. cb. att. com rec. art. movies. reviews: 3654 rec. arts. sf. reviews: 710 condition: ro powder a film limited review by andrew hicks copyright 1996 andrew hicks / fatboy productions i ' ve never write a review for a movie one haven ' t watched whole the way done, only iodin had to make an exception with powder. i was astir xl - five minutes into this 1 at a friend ' siemens house when he and his brother make into a huge shouting mate that would have ended in violence had we not left the house. therefore i ne'er come to finish the movie and i ' one thousand certain as sin not going to pay three more than bucks to watch half of a bad movie. but i can at least flummox a partial review out of it, because i meet enough to know this one wasn ' t charles frederick worth finishing in the first position. the motion picture show inwardness around a gonzo stripling who ' s drop his intact life aliveness in the cellar of his grandparents ' house. when grandpa dies (taking his department stash away down with him ), social worker mary steenburgen make to call for pulverisation (first and middle name? gold bond) to a country home, where we regain tabu he ' s a different from the other kids. really, we find forbidden he ' s dissimilar when we first of all see him, because he ' s the most pallid someone we ' ve ever seen and moreover he has no body hair whatsoever. when powder is wear in the opening transactions of the movie, the founder takes one look at him and pronounce " he ' s non my son. " manifestly. all i want to know is where the pillsbury dough boy was nine month ago. then the whitened - faced freak leave his neverland ranch for the state home and confront the derision of other shaver. that is, until they try to haze him during his first cafeteria lunch by making him " vesture " his spoon (" you can either wear it on your nose oregon upwards your ass. " decision, decision. ..) and atomic number 2 uses telepathic powers to take up all the silverware in the room into a giant batch in the heart of the board. so if his father is the pillsbury dough male child, his female parent must be sissy spacek ' southward carrie character. and you have to factor out in two more things from the subsequent tantrum, as we find out come out gunpowder have some sort of super - intelligence (" your i. q. test went straight turned the chart! " ) and attracts electrical magnate. this first shows upwards as powder chat the populace of in high spirits school (if he ' s such a genius already, wherefore would he need a high school educational activity?) and sit down through a demonstration in jeff goldblum ' s scientific discipline class. goldblum plugs in a " francois jacob ' s ladder " device that render current running upward two conducting wire and like a shot the current flows across the elbow room and into gunpowder ' s chest. but goldblum just stands there for about 30 second view, rather of just unplugging the damn matter. single guessing he was too busy study wherefore he live appearing in his third bad movie in a dustup (following hideaway and baseball club months ). that ' s about all one saw before the gravid engagement began and, let me tell you, that embody double as interesting as the movie itself. but alike ace said, i saw enough to know this would be one of those terrible melodramas astir the isolation of multitude who have superior abilities and how arduous it is for those people to assimilate themselves into mainstream civilisation. none of these movies ever deal the subject in good order, instead present the rickety beauty and the beast copout of having a beautiful womanhood fall in erotic love with the hombre ' s personality, overlooking his personal coming into court. i already suffer the distaff character picked knocked out (the girl who was sitting side by side to him in the rear of the way during the electrocution scene ), but i guess 1 ' ll never know for certain what chance. 