ladies and gentleman's gentleman, retribution be the most expensive episode of " the equalizer " i ' ve e'er witness. mel gibson romp porter, a burglar shot and left for numb by his wife (deborah kara unger, in an all - too - brief cameo) and partner (henry) after a successful heist. as a morgue attendant sets astir removing the bullets from katherine anne porter ' randomness back, porter miraculously jump back to life. he makes information technology his delegation, as a walking dead piece without a conscience, to claim retaliation on those world health organization love him and reclaim his share of the scratch. ( in a running game gag, porter's beer demands $ 70 000, merely everybody mishears him and assumes he ' s after the entire $ one hundred thirty 000 haul. ) in his travels (beaver state travails ), porter encounters various other one - named villainous cretins like fairfax (james coburn as a white - haired, millionaire stealer) and carter (kristofferson, as a brown - haired, millionaire stealer - the kingpin of the obligatory " military operation " ). helgeland ' s film (which was recut by mel the manufacturer) is destitute of an imperative dime store magical spell. the novelty of control a big movie star mercilessly dispatching crook wears off quickly: a) because the bad guys can only follow differentiated by their coifs, and b) because mel ' s schtick doesn ' t evolve from act one - he ' s the terminator stranded in a plot without a sci - fi hook to keep atomic number 92 interested after the initial sadistic thrill is gone. vengeance should have been called playback: it ' s a 102 - minute eyelet of the same short successiveness. ( mel: " i need my money. " anon. baddie: " no. " mel shoot gun. anon. villain dies. mel meet up with his floozy friend (bello ). 2nd verse, same as the inaugural. ) it ' s not porter ' s single - mindedness that robs the film of ginger snap, crackle, and pop; as a part world health organization has already " died " once, helium has nothing to lose and so much to gain. the movie miss danger. the only thing porter's beer is in jeopardy of is putting the audience to sleep. payback has a gritty, metallic look to it that too become monotonous; its filming would follow more appropriate in 1 of those bleak urban psychodramas that descend knocked out of england every couple of months. ( theatre director of photography ericson core should make been fired early on for light bello, so va - va - va - voom in permanant midnight, to look like a potato in a gregg allman wig. ) to canvass such mediocrity is to grant retribution far more than attention than it deserves. perhaps only someone as experienced with resister - as - protagonists as quentin jerome tarantino - look what he did with the similar italian sandwich - less botched - robbery tale man made lake dogs - could sustain pulled off this material (a at large remake of king john boorman ' s point blank ). the picture presents us with the conventions of pulp fiction (all women are femme fatales; yet the cops equal in on it, etc.) and cover them with the conventions of cheesy tv crime melodramas (decease is never in the cards for the primary character, etc.) but transcends neither. 