toward the bottom of the ' 80s action moving picture show gun barrel lies action jackson, the alone moving picture show in hollywood history to show sharon stone and conceitedness topless within a twosome of x minutes. this carl " apollo creed " weathers vehicle have the traditional cop vs. evil validation outlaw, and relies on all the ' 80s trappings, from the token heroin junky world health organization needs a fix to the yell superior policeman. someplace in between come the explosions and breast, although there be a odd lack of exploding boobs. weathers make up natural process thomas jackson, a detroit cop known for all form of crazy vigilante technique. speechmaking of one preceding criminal apprehension, jackson ' s superior call, " you tore his arm cancelled! " michael joe jackson replies, " helium had a spare part. " jackson make been bust down to a desk job because of past job with auto manufacturer dellaplane (craig t. nelson) and now have to act as as department liaison to a dinner honoring nelson. after hear what jackson thinks of him, stone says, " i train it you ' re non unrivaled of dellaplane ' s friends. " " non unless they changed the definition, " jackson glare. and of course it turns out rock is mrs. dellaplane. fake pas, jesse louis jackson. .. not everything be happy in motown; people are being shoot down and dellaplane has evil plans for the awa. information technology ' s all upward to jackson to stop it, and his only lead lie in vanity (not his ain ). wherever she left off with prince in term of exchange sexual favor for career procession she picks up in natural process jackson. she make for the heroin addict and chanteuse in dellaplane ' s nightclub. after singing i particularly sultry number for him, she saunters all over and complains, " i expected a standing ovation. " atomic number 2 responds, " you ' re getting one, " and it ' s damn clever because he ' s sit down at the prison term. prince wouldn ' t still let extinct an innuendo that square and helium ' s the king of the horndogs. .. operating room at least the prince. it ' s a testament to the ' eighty that sharon harlan fiske stone is kill off within the 1st 30 min only amour propre survives the whole movie. military action thomas j. jackson cost another variation on the " unlikely partners " buddy natural action flick, with jackson lugging junkie vanity about. this leads to some of the worst paired acting of the me x, and with the talks they ' re give, there ' s not much elbow room for improvement. my favorite is when vanity, feeling the effects of drug onanism, pronounce, " i finger similar my teeth are empty, my gums follow made of dry rubber and someone ' s trying to commence a bonfire in the back of my bloody head. " jackson ' s response is, " single recall i sense that way once. they called it eff. " you ' ll understand when i say watch this at your own peril. serving the world for almost 1 / 25th of a c! 