what would inspire someone world health organization cannot compose or play to write and asterisk in a movie? a practiced question, what would inspire a studio apartment to produce said flick? if you possess an response, let me experience. foolish, the new motion picture show written by and starring master copy atomic number 15 is a jaw - droppingly atrocious film, nonpareil with no redeem time value socially, cinematically or differently. comedically information technology has some potential, just only in its point of view - upwards comedy moments, which i can rick on comedy central for. master copy p stars as fifty dollah ' (beat that!) as a mobster (i guess) world health organization is trying to bulge out a comedy club / number with his footling brother foolish (eddie griffon ). but the two of them have to deal with an angry mob honcho (played by andrew dice remains, for the very foremost time entertaining ), a stubborn club possessor and family trouble (the latter in dopy is a perfect example of roger ebert ' s " idiot plot, " if everyone here wasn ' t an retard, in that location would be no problem ) so what suffice anserine have to offer beside a bunch of idiotic character public figure? non a hell of a wad. as i have mentioned, master atomic number 15 cannot act operating room write. he acts like the knocker that helium is. the occasional despair that his script require him to parade be excruciatingly forced, as are his fond and fuzzed scene with his little bro. as for his script - - well, i suppose helium have what i would expect from a musical creative person with no former screenwriting experience. if you haven ' triiodothyronine yet figured it out, that be not say much. co - superstar eddie gryphon (very the star of the show) is quite a unlike account. the fact of the affair cost that griffin, whose about pregnant screen out to date is probably the mildly successful tv show malcolm and eddie on the fledgling upn meshing, is an extremely talented comedian, stand - up and otherwise. he have much in common with chris sophie tucker (rush hour, money talking) in how quickly and effortlessly his speech flows from his backtalk. he spouts profanity with impressive dexterity (to the extent which that lavatory comprise do ), and while 1 desire that does not suit his trademark it works in a few scenes in this movie. and indeed, i express joy at a few stand - up scenery here, but from a feature - distance moving picture show i expect more. foolish provided me with no reason to worry for these characters. every scenery which has any potential for dramatic impact is effectively diffused by either a stupid joke (in a scene where tension escalates between the two brothers, foolish blurts out towards his jewelry - sporting sibling " you lay one deal on me and this cemetary is expire to be a gilded rush ") or something still more imbecile such as foolish smashing his own car (to which i said, a bit too loudly for the occasion " huh? ") after getting somewhat upset with his wife. believe me when i say that there is zippo in foolish that warrants separate with your hard - earned $ octad. you ' ll get more than laugh from take in 30 minutes of comedy primal or any virtually any sitcom if you don ' thymine have cable. eddie griffin fans whitethorn love this derivative (although offensive) yarn, but everyone else should persist the perdition out. & # 137; 