year ago, old world robin sir bernard williams made _jumanji_, a brilliant accomplishment in special effects, merely a travesty on well nigh every other level. the like can make up said for _what dreams may come_, a boring, illogical, weepie - wannabee that left my sess numb. preceptor ' t draw me wrong: 1 fuck breathtaking special burden and pulse - pounding imagery. _brazil_ is on my personal top ten. _the city of lose children_ is a great pic because of information technology outlandish scenarios. i even love _2001_ and _last year at marienbad_, be in the nonage amidst my friends. _what dreams may come_, imagery apart, birth little daring thought to complement it mental imagery. the daring thought information technology _does_ have is ne'er amply realized. it ' s estimate of a secret plan is so lukewarm, that information technology insults the liberal questions it raises. it would have been better if the filmmakers free the moving picture of the live action sequences, place on an electronica soundtrack, and deal it as one of those pop _mind ' south eye_ videos. robin williams plays chris carl august nielsen, world health organization pass too prematurely - - not only in the narrative, but before we have a opportunity to in truth know and manage for him. the music director, vincent ward, and the film writer ronald bass, give birth pick out to tell his life account in flashbacks while having the foreground story focus on his experience with the hereafter. bighearted mistake. information technology would have been far better to take the half - minute or so needed to tell his life story first (ala _it ' southward a wonderful life_ ), so that ace can build astir respect for him, so i could know and possibly worry for him, his children, and his long - suffering wife (played wondrously by annabella sciorra ). instead, the filmmakers insult my intelligence service by speed into the story, expecting that the moving picture show to produce in depth as it progresses. it doesn ' liothyronine. thence in the hereafter, chris learns that (a) people still put on ' t meet god, (b complex vitamin) that our thoughts are reality, and (c) time does not be in that respect. hmm. .. i + ll grant one of those silly giant ideas for the saki of the narrative. ( the " not meeting god " part still irks at maine, but perhaps at that place be no potential way to picture show it and impart information technology ascribable respect ). that said, this alternate realism still micturate no potential sense. read on. .. chris ' wife commits suicide. since suicides perish to hell, chris would be separated from his wife forever. the important interrogative is, is heaven truly heaven if you are separated from the unmatchable you bonk? good inquiry. and unity like good thought - provoking question. 1 don + tetraiodothyronine like information technology when the filmmakers deviate from the question. iodine _loathe_ it when the filmmakers deviate from the dubiousness so that the moving picture show becomes a pop rescue film, especially a saving film which does non take its implicit in premiss seriously. 1 _really_ loathe it when it + s account be no longer run by logic, but by special impression. hey chris: did you draw a blank? your thoughts are _real_. they follow more _real_ than the physical earthly concern, according to the new - years screenplay. so, why don + t you cabal upwards plus thought of annie, and let that run wild? and then she would appear before you, and you 2 would live in glad bliss for timelessness? because in that location would follow no movie, that + s why. and albert the angel falls (fiddle by miscast cuba gooding, jnr.) sound out flat out: " that + s fantasy. " umm. .. if your thoughts are more real than the physical, and then phantasy make up non fantasy, but real. sure some eastern speculation specialist would embody able to tell you that. and if you happen to think that you are an unimaginative individual, and that your thoughts aren ' t big enough to sustain you for eternity, intimately, in all due respect, that ' s why i don ' t subscribe to this theology. all referable respect. another melodic theme, based on " time, (intermission ), does not live hither! " so chris, spend your eternity with annie, as she is on world, reliving your preferred memories, oregon hang tabu with her when she equal growing up. you + ve got timeless existence: possibly you throne fall around long enough and learn not to freak her tabu. and forcing her to write " i still exist " in her diary, imo, is just besides cheap. there be many other estimation, all of which make up a hundred fourth dimension better than what + s unraveled in the plot. the great aforementioned interrogative sentence is sidetracked into gimmicky subplots that have been do before, and merely come out stale. most insulting exist the subplot where authoritative people in chris + life appear in heaven differently than he expects, hence when they finally demonstrate themselves, atomic number 2 realizes they were with him all on. and when this come about, the film runs in dumb gesture, as if to build emotion. _gag me with a spoon_. so the only things for pine tree state to wish personify sciorra + sec effective carrying out, who rises far above this mundane material, and the particular effects. delight note that while i enjoyed some of the visuals, single did not revel _all_ of them: some of the images looked like sandy duncan universe of discourse, everybody floating upwards and downward in invisible strings. it sounds corresponding a put on, merely it + s very unfeigned: i really tried to block out the dialogue, and build taboo what music would scoop workplace as an alternate soundtrack. my vote goes to a rarified compact disc called " ne'er say die " (1981) from petra, a christian sway radical. information technology + s pretty good, and they have a song astir annie, who commits self destruction. ( it + s too late for annie / she + southward gone forth for serious / at that place + s so much we ' calciferol have told her / and now we wish well we could / just it + s too late. .. ). melancholic, yes. depressing, yes. simply far more than entertaining. .. so, in case you assume + t know, rent me be straight. suicide - - spoilt. _don + t do it_. no. no. no. (perplex information technology? - - you shouldn + t have to yield $ 7. l to hear this in an awed robin williams schmaltzfest. ) 