the plot of ground of big momma ' s house represent martin lawrence in a rich suit of clothes and a dress. that ' s non simply the eminent - concept premise; information technology ' s the fully - realise, all - encompassing plot. such an emphasis be not unheard - of in the world of hollywood summer amusement. unity pauperism merely look back to final summertime, when the plot of big dada was adam sandler being an incompetent surrogate parent. the snare inbuilt in such an approach make up that the gamy - concept plot idea better comprise pretty well - realise, or rest on the shoulders of an extremely talented performer, because you tail end bet there will be nothing else worth a second of your time - - non a developed character, not a provocative theme, not a witty twist. you leave get 90 - positive minutes of steve martin t. e. lawrence in a fat suit and a clothes - - nothing more, nothing to a lesser extent. those world health organization find martin lawrence more than than an occasionally amusing screen front crataegus laevigata consume a snapshot at bask the one - note dud that is grown mammy ' s house. others bequeath simply stare, mouth love feast, at its sheer unapologetic laziness. lawrence caper fbi agent malcolm turner, an clandestine expert on a stakeout assignment with his partner whoremonger (paul giamatti ). dangerous convict depository financial institution robber and murderer lester vesco (terrence howard) let escaped from prison, and the feds reckon he ' s headed for his former girlfriend and presumed - simply - never - proven accomplice sherry (nia long ). sherry, however, has flee with her son trent (jascha booker t. washington ), possibly to chaffer her grandmother hattie mae (ella mitchell ), sound known as big mama. so, sherry appears to live on her way, simply big momma is headed out of town without knowing sherry is issue forth. that leaves master of camouflage malcolm to go under very heavy cover as big momma and find come out of the closet what sherry have it off. with child momma ' s sign of the zodiac ' s bloodlines are certainly trackable to mrs. doubtfire - - director raja gosnell edited that film, and the constitution effects live similarly create by greg cannom - - merely thither ' sulfur just as strong a whiff of tootsie in the main persona ' s attempt to use his alternate identity to get closer to a woman. unluckily, big momma ' s house make a ridiculous decision neither of those other films make: instead of having the protagonist pose as a entirely manufactured case unfamiliar to anyone elses, it grade malcolm in the position of playing a friend and family member to several other characters. suspension of disbelief in big momma ' s house ask you to conceive every early person in the film is blind and / or stupid, since no one observe that unitary bountiful momma looks or sounds dead nothing like the other. of course, laughs trumps logic every time, and big momma ' s house probably still would suffer worked in cattiness of information technology utter condescension for vulgar sense if it had just managed to embody risible. and information technology miss its best possible opportunity for some great farce by ignoring the simple fact that the real braggy momma is set up as a foul - tempered beast, while malcolm birth to be nurturing in order to get the data he wants forbidden of sherry. unfortunately, no one involved appears to have the faintest idea how to deal with the funny gold mine involved in one real person pretending to constitute another, very dissimilar real soul, so they fall back on an endless parade of sight gags: malcolm reacting violently to big momma ' s explosive diarrhea attack; malcolm - as - momma schooling a pair of cocky teens in basketball; malcolm trying to avoid detection as various prostheses give way at inopportune present moment; malcolm delivering a baby because heavy momma is the town midwife (one of the few sequences that works ). dino paul crocetti laurentius can be likeable enough at prison term, just there ' s no reasonableness to care a whit astir his budding romance with sherry because malcolm personify never an independently significant fictional character. atomic number 2 ' s just big momma without the war paint on. i won ' t waste clip notice on how fecklessly the curing - up of the escaped convict is employed, since information technology be clearly a waste material of time to the film - makers. there are a few token panorama of lester looming as a threatening figure, just he ' s at long last a misdirection in a motion picture show that ' s really astir its key visual incongruity (and the accompanying lascivious glances at nia long ' s behind ). ace ' m never prepared to underestimate how appealing that idea whitethorn be to other people - - several million of them obviously found adam sandler as an incompetent surrogate parent appealing - - but i know that when a moving picture show - maker try to throw a concept at pine tree state and pretend that it ' s an entire film, i duck out of the way. the stark implausibility of braggart momma ' s firm mightiness have been tolerable if information technology be seasoned with more big, cleverly - constructed laughs. its lack of magnanimous laugh might get been tolerable if its characters be at all relevant. large mamma ' s house is ridiculous _and_ not funny. it ' s exactly a deplorable exercise in the wearied presumption that any scene should be considered wacky and hilarious if it involve martin d. h. lawrence in a fat suit and a dress. 