bill: some may consider portions of the following school text to comprise spoilers. be previse. to valuate alex cox ' south cinema the winner as a loser would cost so indolent. information technology would be derisive. it would personify glib. it would exist dismissive. information technology would be entirely accurate. rarely have i seen a film as torturously annoying as the winner, a would - embody funniness which rapidly proves to be wearisome, unfunny, and unengaging. the film attempts to be fresh and quirky, utilising a myriad of colourful characters to weave it derisory narration, but appears to leave out the fact that nobody in the film is remotely interesting and that all of the characters are essentially preposterous. the film is set in las vegas, and the focus in the winner is on prince philip (vincent viosterol ' onofrio ), an aloof, unenlightened young man blessed with the odd endowment of portion; he well nigh cannot lose at the tables. despite this olympian talent, philip is constantly mournful and quite indifferent astir his gambling fortunes, neither take delight in his winning nor have the foresight to mask his abilities. consequently, he get an easy target for those who would twit upon his coattail and take advantage of his natural endowment. louise (rebecca demornay ), a sultry lounge singer, adumbrate herself into philip ' s life for the purpose of swindling him, while philip ' s alien brother (and, handily, louise ' s ex - beau) johnny (michael madsen) arrives on the scene. ( to add some color, johnny also chance to be toting their father ' s corpse, sans ane mitt. ) in the meantime, philip is also befriend by a trio of low pitched - rent, opportunists (frank whaley, billy bob william thornton, and richard edson ), world health organization have every intention of taking reward of their new brother ' s endowment with the dice. serenely omit the chaos from behind the scenes is the casino owner (delroy lindo ); it is probably not giving away much to reveal that his role in the victor is essentially that alluded to at the remnant of the flashy succession in martin scorsese ' s casino which details the organization hierarchy of a casino ' s operations - he * is * the eye in the sky. it could be maddening to stick out a film whose central protagonist is so oblivious of the on going blatant manipulation, but fortunately this is not the subject in the winner, if only because our sadsack hero is such a sap; not even remotely sympathetic or compelling, it becomes impossible to rootle for philip surgery even handle about his fate, and the would - be swindler of duke of edinburgh ' s fortunes are all drawn out as such ludicrous, vapourous buffoons with entirely unimaginative and uninteresting schemes that one watches the winner with a complete sense of disinterest. it is a shame, as the winner features a gifted cast - mr. calciferol ' onofrio live an underrated and talented actor with a immense range; mr.. lindo has a noteworthy filmdom presence which infiltrates every film in which atomic number 2 appears; mr. madsen, ms. demornay, and mr. whaley have all done good work in the past. none of the actor in the winner embody in top form here, and this moving picture won ' t probably represent a prized addition to their several curriculum vitae. director alex coxswain do what helium can with wendy riss ' screenplay, and it is to his credit that this film at no point feels alike an adaptation of a stagecoach swordplay; i was startled to check that the winner was in fact establish upon one. while tedious, the film is well - paced and practise not meander, merely information technology would be near - unacceptable task for mr.. cox (oregon, for that matter, virtually any other theater director that comes to mind) to overcome the film ' s far flung shortcomings in patch and depiction. to his credit, my understanding is that he have opt to distance himself from the project in acknowledgement of its deficiency. i caught the winner at it world premiere at the toronto international cinema festival in september 1996, and in blondness it is wholly possible that the film take been extensively revamped since then due to the lacklustre audience reaction generate - there were more walkout on this film than any of the others i screened. to be dependable, though, i couldn ' t begin to isolate what could exist manage to this film to ameliorate information technology - iodin usurp that throwing the whole thing out and starting over is out of the question. the winner ingest plain play on cable system television in the united states and is beginning a limited theatrical vent at the meter of this writing. the film has a gracious upbeat score by pray for pelting, merely i am honestly not be facetious when 1 state that the affair i treasured most about my screening of the achiever was the bag of zea mays everta upon which i was munching. 