the one enquiry that eat at me after seeing corky romano is wherefore touchstone spent and so much money selling this throwaway film. since june, i haven ' t been able to turn on the tv or lead to the flick without getting hit by some ad depicting chris kattan as the spastic corky, shrieking extinct a - hour angle ' s " accept on pine tree state " in his yellow miata. why would disney sink indeed much cash into the corky hype machine? honestly, one be hoping that all the goose ads be actually a front end for a decently funny film. man, be i wrong. corked romano is unmatchable of those throwaway, clich? - ridden tv - star - to - film vehicles make upon the most rickety of game. fortunately for chris kattan ' s precariously position career, corky does have some ripe laughs, yet if most of them are of the low - brow variety. kattan play the title of respect case, the unsinkable assistant veterinarian corky who have a penchant for sunshiny ' lxxx tunes, bright ties, and banal coffee mug slogans (" you assume ' t have to be crazy to ferment here, but information technology indisputable helps. " ). when his mob boss dad (peter falk) is astir to represent arrange away on murder charges, his bungling, lughead brothers (peter berg and chris penn) rope in innocent, black sheep corky to penetrate the fbi as an agent and steal the evidence. predictably, hijinks result. if the basic plot sound bad, wait until you get into the internal - working of this clunker. the author will amaze you with the depth of their pointlessness. corky ' s federal bureau of investigation agent identity operator is named corked pissant (" that ' s pronounced pees - ahn. it ' s gallic. " ). atomic number 2 becomes a first - rate agent by accidentally stumbling mr.. magoo - style onto the proper cue and talking his way in and tabu of situations, which plays like something kayoed of a sitcom. and not a good situation comedy, 1 mean. the romano house brothers still insult each other by farting in each other ' s face. and in a shot taken straight from on that point ' sec something about mary, corked consecrate a dachshund mouth - to - oral cavity resuscitation. merely it ' s not a consummate disaster. the manic kattan serve now and again deliver some laughable moments, including a bit featuring a cat in a juicy cause named jesus and another necessitate schoolchildren, a german shephard, and a kilo of cocaine. plus, berg - - whose calling has obviously gone downhill since the last seduction and chicago leslie townes hope - - apply a smashing turn as the illiterate pal paulie. and, information technology ' s decent to see that richard roundtree of pecker renown is sustain work. alas for those out at that place who can ' t really appreciate beast or fart jokes, corked won ' t have much to pop the question you. thence the next metre one of those pesky ads appears on your television set, asking, " world health organization is corky? " you tin just reply, " who wish? " 