for a good ten years or then, tops sang froid chow yun fat get enjoyed god hood status in the hong kong action scene. now, atomic number 2 has followed in the footstep of conductor john woo, (world health organization set up chow ' s tops stardom in the acclaimed ' a better tomorrow ') by move to hollywood. one had some reservations about this move and it would seem i personify justly to take them. chuck plays a hitman who is doing jobs in edict to repay a debt. his final job requires him to wipe out a policeman ' randomness seven year onetime boy. this he refuses do and go. however, atomic number 2 is thrust into a violent confrontation when his folk are threatned and replacement killers are fetch in to do the job. cue around 80 minutes of various and quite frankly tedious shoot - outs which take lieu in assorted localisation. some thought have gone into make them a bit unlike but alas they terminate up being just plainly boring. the railcar wash scene, i detect myself laughing at how stupid it expect. tut tut. the emphasis during the constant legal action seemed to be on the accompanying euphony, (ace could have sworn one piece of music was rive proscribed of a bruckheimer picture) and not on the message. mia sorvino (a passport forger) is dragged into the affay and as well provides a lame sexual love interest as easily as be rather handy with a hit man. manager antoine arqua possess clearly not observed zhou dynasty ' s excellent dissemble capabilties and just requires him to mutter a few lines of broken english and look flash as atomic number 2 put up and shoots. chow ' s trademark of twin side arm shot is saved for the finis (which in candor is quite good) and there ' s non still a toothpick in situation. and as for making chow shoot similar a fuzz, considerably that ' entropy bedamn unforgiveable. to round upwards, the replacement killers be a pretty goddamn square first outing for grub. it would appear helium consume go forth asia for a 90 minute pop music video. this is not what we wanted at all, considering john woo was the exec manufacturer. ( did atomic number 2 deliver no say hence at all? ) watch ' the sea wolf ' once again and weep at the difference. review by chris hill. " in that location ' s room at the top, they are telling you still, simply first you moldiness watch how to smile as you kill, if you desire to be like the folks on the j. j. hill. " 