after the huge success of " the exorciser " in 1973 a sequel was inevitable, and sadly like most horror fims that make money, the filmmakers resolve to ready a ridiculous sequel, that makes dead no sense at all, and to pine tree state was extremely pointless, wasting linda blair and soap von sydow entirely. needless, dumb sequel flopped in the box office, and ne'er gained much succeeder though it is voted as one of the forged sequel of all time, to which i agree with. to start the " story " it is four years afterward, and regan live being crucify by memories of what utilize to be, straight off a priest played by richard burton, exist trying to figure knocked out why this demon tried to possess regan, and now the demon somehow wants to possess her again (maybe she was good or something ). now they must try to stop this fiend from taking over regan ' mho soundbox, before information technology is too recent. some of the uncollectible things exorcist ii has in it is: linda blair, she take no need to revive her character, and she is really terrible in this film, she brings information technology down to a lull, and in places information technology appear like it just kibosh in its position, and doesn ' t go anywhere. louise fletcher is alright for what it ' s charles frederick worth, but she could ingest coiffe a lot skillful than this. the direction by john boorman, is that of a bewildered, fashionable nature that i very couldn ' t figure out. in fact, i get no idea what was going on in this pic, the script be jumble, the secret plan was jumble, and the terminate is just express mirth out loud hilariosly spoilt. for those exorcist fan world health organization haven ' deoxythymidine monophosphate seen this one, i urge renting it. i actually gave this unmatched a eminent rating, if information technology were any worse it would have deserved nothing pumpkin, ane went well to do on it however because of the fact that it has a turn of good direction, but nothing else! im not saying i like the moving picture now, so dont outset go anyplace. unfit, forged, bad movie. 