plot: lara croft is british, rich and kicks a peck of ass. she also likes to raid tombs but when the illuminata discover that all nine planets are astir to stand in alignment for the initiative time in 5000 years, and that lara carry the key to meter, good, uncalled for to say, they need to nab it from her. oh yeah, lara also like to sport a heap of soused shirts. .. hummana - hummana - hummana. .. review article: angelina jolie was great in this movie. in that location were also about three " action at law scenes " that be pretty nerveless to look at in this motion picture. uhhhhhm, unluckily the rest of the movie sucked! bad talks, generic sidekicks and bad hombre, a lame enigma, yoda - esque second with mumbo - jumbo being sprout about and yet some crappy cgi near the end. all in all, this picture show wasn ' t the horror show that some of the early reviews had warned us about, especially since every other scene does have jolie ' second gunslinger begging to burst out of her lucky shirt, but it was quite the letdown nonetheless, especially when you look at the major opportunity that the filmmakers had hither to create a cool, hip woman hero, based on a popular video game. i father ' t know, 1 guess you give birth to put most of the blame on director simon west, who didn ' t really link up the whole motion picture show unitedly all that fountainhead. the motion picture show lacked energy, a consistent step and intimately. .. a fun sentence! iodin felt kinda demoralize while watching this movie. all that " father " crap was horrifying and the dialogue given to poor john voight to recite be hardly plain embarrassing (and i ' m not even gonna acknowledgment his moustache. .. hehehe ). why throw this shit in the movie at all? !? i especially detest the scenes in which some ghost - similar figure, protagonist or child would ramble on about lara croft ' s father while all the time, i ' metre not giving one troy ounce of crap as to what they ' re talk about. i guess that ' sulfur called deficiency of " character development ", properly? that ' mho when a motion picture build enough background into the grapheme on the screen, so that we could actually " get into " it and care about them. ane didn ' t precaution about anyone in this moving picture show, and was bored during most of it " let ' s explain wherefore we ' re do all this gobbledygook " second. and still though ane think that jolie kicked some mighty fuck (damn, coif she look sexy blasting those guns or what? !? ), everybody else around her was thence goddamn drilling! her butler was a throwaway with no personality, her side - kick be say to be funny but simply annoyed me every time he said the intelligence " bugger " (and he say it a lot, trust me!) and all of the so - telephone bad guys just spewed 1 - dimension! they had no spark, no energy amongst them, and even though a few of the action aspect in the movie be cool (see the laggard and you ' ll know which ones i ' m talking about ), the overall picture follow lame and the dialogue and mystical bull - crap scarcely bury information technology still further. also, for a movie that ' s supposed to follow about all of these exotic locations, i wasn ' t inevitably impressed by any of information technology exterior shots, and even to a lesser extent so with it interiors, which all looked comparable they were shoot in the same room. mind you, i won ' t go as far as to say that it ' s the " worst movie of the twelvemonth " (remember that i actually have to go see freddie prinze jr. movies as well! ), but it ' s by all odds the high risk film that unity ' ve seen during this summer movie season (of course, it ' s still early and i ' m sure there be a few more garbage heaps coming down the pike ). omission this i raw and rent any of the robert indiana jones movies instead. .. trust me, you ' ll miss the bosom just end your dark with some rock - upstanding porn and information technology ' s all good! where ' s joblo come from? raiders of the lost ark (ten / 10) - the mamma (8 / decade) - lost in space (7 / 10) - the mummy returns (6 / 10) - the general ' sulphur daughter (3 / ten) - romancing the stone (seven / 10) - savage wild west (iii / 10) - mission unsufferable deuce (7 / 10 ) 