adverse to pop impression, not every single foregin film released to an american market is a chef d'oeuvre. some of them aren ' t even good. some examples of this precept are the aboslutely dreadful " un indien dans la ville " (presented as " little indian, big metropolis, " and remake into that crap tim allen movie, " jungle2jungle " ), and this. what could own been a clever little sex comedy turns into unmatched mess of a gallic movie. " french twist " (the " cool " american title, not the real one, which was " gazon maudit, " literally meaning " twisted soil, " or something similar that) deals with a married duet with shaver, and the intrusion of a stranger who kinda screws things up for them. loli and alain chabat (victoria abril and alain chabat) are non on the nose happily married. constantly on byplay trips, alain chabat more than once chess on her, and she eventually finds verboten. and unitary day, she meets a dyke mechanic, marijo (the co - writer / director josiane balasko ), and they 2 kinda rack up it off. so she decide she leave get back at alain chabat by doing the obvious: quiescency with marijo. but she soons starts to not alone fall in dear with marijo, but she ' s too recognize she ' s still in love with alain chabat. so, of course, she perform the obvious from that: she decides to go along them both. she ' ll be (and quietus) with each of them for 3 day each, and then on sunday, she ' ll rest by herself. after all, she needs it if she ' s gonna experience more sex than sylvia kristel. the film go on for over an minute and a one half, through with imbecility after stupidity, moronic winding after moronic twist, and soon at that place ' s the little dry (! !! ) end. i know information technology ' s a completely different acculturation, and i ' k quite familiar with the french and their cinema, merely this is simply bad. none of the characters are more intelligent than peter stormare in " fargo " (a film where stupid characters were backed upward to take a crap a point ), and any action they do is pretty much just to get a hopeful chortle from the hearing. what ' s shocking is this exist non only one of france ' s biggest smash, only it was nominated for a lot of cesars (french combining weight of oscar ). the authorship and directing is really the big trouble with it. josiane balasko does a right acting job with her role, merely her little sex activity comedy international relations and security network ' t really humerous, entertaining, operating theater even deep at all. still woody grace ethel cecile rosalie allen ' sec not - rattling - good " a midsummer night ' s sex clowning " is intelligent, well - written, and own some deepness. this exist shallow, unfunny, and pretty nettle to watch. the film moves at the pace of a escargot, and is deuced - near unspeakable to watch. thank god for the loyal forward button. the playacting, however, isn ' t bad at all. the actors make out the best they can with the bad fabric, and capital of seychelles abril follow pretty appealing despite the script (and the fact that she ' s stupid plenty to try to divide herself over two people when she has kidskin ). and alain chabat has some laughable moments as the neurotic husband. just " gallic whirl " is just pretty lame. it ' s non excessively ugly, and has a couple very, very, very brief moment. only it ' s just a really crap picture, and an example of an ill - advised statistical distribution of a extraneous film. 