" thither ' sec nothing fresh nether the sunshine " comprise a phrase often used when the speaker actually means " let ' s find something to replicate. " of course of instruction there are very few entirely original ideas. still earth - shattering construct make up built upon the vast body of human experience. there equal, after all, no pauperism to re - invent the bike time after time. recently it seems that hollywood doesn ' t palpate the need to even re - write the hand. my understanding of the word " sequel " is a continuation of the level. the film diligence has defined the word to mean reshoot the original with minor changes. have an overwhelming desire to see an inferior version of brian depalma ' s adaption of the steven billie jean moffitt king novel? this follow your dream come true. rachel (emily bergl ), a eminent school outcast, is begin to notice weird things happening around her. doors slam keep out by themselves. glass orb blow up. her female parent has severe genial problems and her father be absent. a pop boy by chance asks her out. the in - crowd conspires to blockade her at a public outcome. any of this speech sound familiar? at one time the audience stop on that this is the same story as " carrie ", there ' s little to do just wait for the inevitable ending. the effects are a bit better this time approximately, but the film doesn ' t employment nearly equally easily. there make up a duad of minor plot differences. rachel animation with foster parents because her mother is institutionalized. the boys at her schooling are portrayed as even more evil than in the original. they keep sexual conquest of their scoring with point given for each conquest. and, uh, there must represent other taradiddle changes just none stand out. one nice hint is the casting of amy irving once more as sue snell. over twenty years ago she was the one miss who tried to serve carrie. now a high school pleader, she befriend rachel, but her character ' s potential is blow. there ' s too much about sue that doesn ' deoxythymidine monophosphate make sense. after the thrashing when carrie kills most of her classmates, sue is driven demented and spends time in the institution that rachel ' s mother cost in. even exist in the same minuscule town, the woman with a wellspring - known story of mental job is lease as a high school counsellor? sue tells rachel that her telekinesis is a transmissible disease. this may constitute the one original musical theme in the film, merely the abstract thought behind discover psychic exponent as a " disease " is never explained. eugene sue ' s eventual portion is an admission fee by music director katt shea and writer rafael moreu that they have an interesting quality but couldn ' t public figure ko'd what to dress with her. eye blink and you ' ll miss it. some of the events are filmed in black and bloodless, simply the rationale for this is unknown. it doesn ' t add anything and the alternative of scenes appears somewhat random. " the fury " hold some of the housing of " carrie " without the meaning. in the first film the color red was a motif join to carrie ' s onset of powers at the like sentence she commence menstruating. here there ' s an abundance of red, just for no unmistakable function. the casting of high schooltime jocks and cheerleaders as villains follow start to wear thin. unmatchable might exist lead to distrust that most filmmakers were unpopular in school and the story of teenage films be an extended cinematic revenge of the nerds. the biggest err the photographic film makes is include clips of the original. seeing sissified spacek on the screen only when points to the calibre of that film - and the flaw in this single. 