underwater scientific discipline fiction stays submerged sphere a film review by michael redman copyright 1998 by michael redman i of the most unpleasant experiences that bum occur in a moving picture theater is when a cast of fine doer end upward in a celluloid that wastes their talents. you maintain thinking what they mightiness have accomplished with the prison term they squandered. psychologist norman goodman (dustin malvina hoffman) be called to the middle of the pacific ocean to work on with the survivors of a plane clash. when atomic number 2 arrives at the internet site, helium discovers that there be no plane, simply rather an enormous space vehicle that has been sit 1, 000 feet below the surface for almost three hundred class. have written a report for the bush administration on how to handle first contact, he is select to head upward the squad of scientist investigate the ship. his group as outline in his report, consists of beth halperin (sharon harlan fiske stone ), a biochemist; harry adams (samuel l. jackson ), a mathematician; and ted henry fielding (liev schreiber ), an astrophysicist. unluckily information technology turns out that the writing was a blast - off project for goodman who come it for the money and named his so - colleagues to the squad. " after all, " he explains, " world health organization read government document? " lead by harold barnes (peter brush wolf ), a top secret federal private detective, the group descend to a wandering undersea headquarters set up following to the alien watercraft. one time in that respect they stroll all over, knock on the door and explore the still - usable ufo. discovering the surprising origination of the ship and the bunch finds an astonishing gigantic prosperous liquid alloy sphere. when adams move into the empyrean, the outlandishness unfolds. a tempest rolls in on the aerofoil and the team be forced to remain below precisely as an unseen mien begins to transmit through their computer. " my name is krauthead. i am happy " flash across the filmdom. this be unsettling for the psychologist. " what come about if jerry gets mad? " he require. barnes is to a greater extent hardheaded: he needs a last public figure because he seat ' t frame in his report that they work contact with an alien named jerry. then the situation flex bad. insanely beasts appear from nowhere. a ring of jellyfish kills one of the navy staff office. deadly sea snakes attack goodman. a giant squid batter the habitat only as go is reading " twenty, 000 leagues nether the ocean ". the suspicious scientist deform against each other. this experience all the makings of a foremost - rate thinking gentleman ' s science fiction film. however even the ok factor don ' t go real far in the hired hand of a chief who doesn ' t appear to care about his product. director barry levinson have moil out a mish - mosh that doesn ' t engage the hearing beyond a few skillful suspense scenes. the maiden of the film zooms by as the situation and musician be introduced without any characterization or justification. information technology ' s much like speed - read a novel and realizing that you neglect the nuances. it doesn ' t get any salutary when the action scenes begin. while the actors coiffe an fair to middling task with their circumscribed roles, the people are still flat. funnily they hardly have reactions when death occur around them. after adams go through the department of the interior of the sphere, no one bothers to ask him what happened. their history together be an intriguing plot device but be barely exploited. even goodman and halperin ' s ailment - conceived affair when she follow his student is just note in passing. her psychotic propensity comprise talked about but never convincing. there ' s a truism that items shown early in a movie mustiness follow used before the terminate, but here they are far as well obvious. when an emergency mini - poor boy be excuse, you get laid what ' s going to happen. the movie affectations are nada more than distracting. chapter gallery that divide the motion picture show have no routine. the trembling camera work muddies already perplexing pandemonium. often of what goes on be confusing and difficult to follow. although some of the freak out eventually is understandable, a great pot of information technology isn ' tonne. yet a science fiction film must personify internally consistent. there ' s also much here that doesn ' t make sense. are the manifestations existent? the portuguese man of war killing queen latifa (in a throw - away part) and the squid almost destroys the frontier settlement, but the bites of the fatal serpent have no essence. a scene in the pigboat suggest that it ' s illusion, but earlier episodes indicate that information technology ' s non. not everything has to be explain to death, but there are major doubtfulness that the film never answers. where the ship get from is clarified, but how it ended up on the ocean story in 1709 is but alluded to. even the enigmatic domain is yet mysterious when the credits coil. the climax constitute followed by 15 minutes of epilogue that does little but countermine the already labored tale. after pre - release audience examination, the actors were ring back to re - shoot the stop. information technology ' s difficult to imagine how the original could accept been worse. following the late tradition of drawn out films, this weighs in at terminated deuce real long hours. the weak scenes could make constitute tailor, merely then there wouldn ' thymine have been much left. the movie was purportedly held upwards by effect work, but at that place ' s nothing limited on the screen. we never even see the monstrous calamari surgery the threatening storm. stealing from " alien ", " the abysm " and the disastrous " event skyline ", this film bear teach goose egg from them. signally levinson and hoffman ' s former presently showing film be " wag the dog ", a smarting and entertaining piece of work. this one could have been titled the like sans one word. 