when walt disney characterization announce a live - action feature article based on the ' 60s cartoon serial of " mr. magoo, " special involvement groups represent the imagination - impaired let out a watchword of alarm. mister. magoo, they take, would be an affront to the man and women they map. in fact, they were wrong. mister. magoo is non just an insult to the blind and near - screen, information technology ' s an insult to every human being world health organization has the misfortune to brook through this dreadfully unfunny, xc arcminute heinousness. information technology ' s state the obvious to remark that disney appears to bear run tabu of original ideas. look at their roster of 1996 and 1997 releases, and you ' ll picture a scandalous list of retreads, include 101 dalmatians, george of the hobo camp, jungle2jungle, that darn cat! , flubber, and now mr. magoo. the best of these (george v of the hobo camp) was mildly entertaining. the worst, mr.. magoo, exposes but how painful a bad movie experience can be. the first job with mr. magoo is the script. despite the quislingism of nude gun scribe pat proft, mr. magoo is comically barren. from beginning to end, there ' s non a joke to be get. every attempt at humour - - and on that point are stack of them - - falls vapid with an audible clump. you ' d think that taboo of the wads of gags jammed into this film, at least a few would work, but that ' siemens not the casing. single ' ve had to a greater extent laughs during ingmar bergman delineation. then there ' s leslie nielsen, who front, go, and acts utterly zilch like the animated character (unforgettably sound by jim backus ). in the past, carl august nielsen has test his comic aptitude with role in movies like aeroplane and the naked gun. lately, still, he hold been get slothful, take away parts in the likes of dracula: dead and loving information technology, spy hard, and mr. magoo. even if nielsen was in top form, it would take an incredible stretching of imagination to view him as magoo (especially since we ' atomic number 75 reminded of the original by the short cartoon section that open up and close the film ), but " top form " is not a phrase i would habituate to describe his performance here. this make up strictly a takings - the - money - and - run operation. the story, which, like many disney stories, can be described in one long sentence: magoo is the only watcher to the theft of a rarefied jewel from a museum, and, as helium cost trying to apprehend the thieves on his own, the police mistake him for the robber. the bull follow played by ernie hudson and stephen tobolowsky, who take their lumps early and often. the bad guy are kelly lynch (who does a lot of soldierly art - type kicking ), nick chinlund, and malcolm mcdowell (world health organization has the respectable sense to look embarrassed ). matt keeslar portrays one of magoo ' reciprocal ohm sidekicks - - his nephew, waldo. the bumbling man ' s early, more interesting companion be a heel named angus. most of mr. magoo ' s humor come in the form of failed slapstick. the cartoon violence tier in this film doesn ' t approach that of abode entirely 3 beaver state flubber, but it ' s nevertheless pretty acute, with characters getting hitting on the head with sledgehammers and rap sour snowy precipices. there ' s a non - violent bit with magoo develop a chicken dinner that could make been funny if information technology was do by considerably, but, compare to mr. bean ' s recent, similar mischance, it doesn ' t hold up considerably. then in that location is the series of crippled caper that result from magoo ' s near blindness, such as the occasion when helium mistakes a crazy animal for a baby. i ' m willing to switch off director sir henry morton stanley tong a little slack. tong, a hong kong film maker trying to break up into the hollywood market, cause helmed various jackie chan movies, include first work stoppage, rumble in the bronx, and supercop. his chief endowment, that of choreographing soldierly artistic production fights, is wasted here (despite some mellow boot by kelly lynch ). like john woo (hard target) and ringo getaway (maximum risk) before him, information technology appears that tong has personify consigned to the purgatory of build a bad moving picture as his entry into the american mainstream. it is worth note that, unlike many walter elias disney films which contain a perverse appeal for the under - 10 crowd while drive parent to distraction, mr. magoo come out to bore watcher of all ages. the masking i attend was wall - to - bulwark small fry, and, for the most office, they didn ' mt seem to be bask themselves. when the film was ended, i asked one footling girl what she think of it. her offended aspect confirmed the adage that a picture can indeed comprise worth a thousand words. mister. magoo be the kind of movie that should comprise rejected by any likely viewer, sight unseen. 