a quaker invites you to a moving picture show. this film would evade the explosion and particular effect of stock summertime fare, and be grounded in reality. the plot be as follows: after a terrifying incident, a female parent and her independent girl separate from the father and move away from the city. they need sweet air to stupefy some perspective, perhaps to start over. romance get down to brew, even so, as one of the locals, play by an international mavin in rugged clothing, sparks things up, (specially at a state - western slow terpsichore ). information technology stars a rising vernal starlet, helm a good casting, and is take aim by one of the undecomposed actor - turn - directors in hollywood. you go for. you jump at the chance to see, what you trust to live, _the horse whisperer_. but, poor motion picture fan, you hold been conned. ala, you find yourself watching, unbelievingly, _hope floats_. buckeye state, woe. your hope have got sunk. why was this moving picture show made? why was information technology released? information technology comprise a travesty on nearly every level, and has the self assurance to sink the careers of nearly everyone involved. at the hand of a dear script, the film could stimulate been a treasure. but it comprise clueless as to what information technology is about, and only succeeds in remove same cluelessness to us pathetic viewers. _hope floats_ star sandra bullock as birdy, who, after discovering her husband has been cheating on her with her best friend (on home tv no less ), takes her daughter and drives rearward to her home, helmed by a countryish bumpkin eccentric played by gena rowlands, (she decorates with stuffed wildlife ). birdy ' s nephew, travis (played by _leave information technology to beaver_ ' s cameron finley ), be under her detention, and in one of the film ' entropy many failed in - jocularity, is always discover wearing a different halloween costume. what equal the breaker point of this? practice it make any sense? is information technology supposed to be funny? the percentage point of the film personify to evince that the family is eccentric, just i was convince that the grandma should have represent locked upwards for endangering the mental welfare of a child. all of this undercuts the game, of which thither is none. there be only many scenes that cost supposed to register emotion. thither ' s the scene where birdy, world health organization employ to embody the prom pansy, is chagrin by approach a peer she once mock, for a job. there ' s the scene where birdy dances with her father, in the infirmary for alzheimer ' s. and then there ' s the sentimental scenes with justin, played by harry connick jr. , who equal take a liking to her again, showing her a beautiful pad that atomic number 2 built from scratch. and during each of these scene, i was straggle by my earlier question. what variety of eccentric grandmother perish through such great nuisance as to provide a dog costume, a kermit costume, a cowboy costume (with lash ), and a full furry barney costume for her grandson to endure during dinner party? what form of warped ramifications would this lead for the rest of his life? outside of this, on that point embody other sure signs of screenwriter block. when the daughter stand upward to the bully at schooltime. when birdy almost lose her job. when the family pulls in a goofy back talk - synch to cheer soul up. when mortal dies. when the daughter battle cry, (no, wails) in aggravation that her father be not number backward. in a pic similar this, you notice the string being pushed, and you sit on that point, comatose, hoping information technology will finish. who tin can exist such a debacle? i worry for steer ' s career, which has been running on motorcar - pilot for the last few years. she has an mental attitude, a upstanding buoyancy, and send away drive a bus - - simply she can ' t handle the excited fit, much less hold a southern accent. harry connick, jr. be bad - - joint with telling, operating theater begin some acting lessons, please! gena rowlands is the best contribution of the moving picture. but she ' s such a honest actress, that it staggers the mind that she ' s librate down by such half hearted material hither. it would be a severe tragedy if the recurring mavin of john cassavettes ' expectant cinema is hump for this pic. 2 notes to afforest whittaker: (1) cut the sluggish - motion sequence. there are twelve meter where you undersell your own focus by such a failed trick. have you done thusly, you could hold shave off ten - minutes of this near unbearable thrashing. ( ii) you ' ve suffer to know something was wrong if your cinematographer ' s filter realize the candlelight come out corresponding little " x " s. you ' re not a spoiled theatre director, merely you can ' t interchange a terrible script. there ' s a repeat scene where birdy, working at the neighborhood fotomat, bump the machine pass wrong, and ikon after destroyed, warped, dark epitome appear. think about it. a succession of destroyed image may have be more entertaining than this movie. 