and i imagine " stigmata " would be the worst religiously - oriented thriller released this twelvemonth. turn tabu i was wrong, because while " stigmata " was just slow and self - important, " death of days " is entirely inept on all fronts. it ' s a silly, inexplicable, endlessly stupid spate. for a guy like pine tree state world health organization grew improving determine arnold schwarzenegger at his safe, it ' s highly upsetting to see where the big man has ended up. for the initiative sentence in late memory, an arnold action flick (and " batman & robin " doesn ' t tally) is no merriment at all. " destruction of days " is a major stinkpot. the movie unfold in vatican city, 1979. some catholic non christian priest have note an ancient divination, which says that a girl volition comprise born on that night that satan bequeath have target for impregnation. if he prang up her between xi and midnight on december 31, 1999, the world will cost destroyed. the pope purchase order protection of this miss, though some priests believe she ought to be kill. in young york, that very nighttime, a little girl is bear to fulfill the divination. twenty years later, we encounter jericho cane (schwarzenegger ), a self destructive x - cop with a drinking job. now forge as a security guard for hire, atomic number 2 is protecting a local businessman (gabriel byrne ), who is actually possessed by the deuce. an blackwash endeavor on the man of affairs by a crazed former priest lead him to the young woman beelzebub is after, christine york (robin gene tunney ). recognizing elements of his own murdered girl in christine (including ownership of the same music box, obviously ), jericho swears to protect her against the lucifer and the faction of priests looking to kill her. there are thus many problems with this film information technology ' s hard to know where to get down, just how about starting with the concept? cast off matthew arnold in a theatrical role like this constitute a mistake to begin with. schwarzenegger be a persona, not an actor, so putting him in a role that contradicts his common strong personality personify a uncollectible idea. arnold have neither the dramatic range nor the speech production ability to pull off a character tormented by run afoul emotions. in other words, trying to give him dimension was a fault. harrison ford, mel c. d. gibson, operating theater yet bruce willis could have played this part (they ' ve all play noble and flawed bomber ), but non schwarzenegger. there are several scenes that attempt to establish jericho ' s character; one has him think over suicide, another crying over the release of his wife and daughter, and even unrivalled in which the devil tries to tempt him into revealing christine ' s location by offering him his onetime life back. none of these scenes really work, because arnie international relations and security network ' metric ton up to the task. the filmmakers would have follow practiced off make jericho a strong, confident theatrical role (similar the terminator, for example ), the the likes of of which schwarzenegger has surpass in before. this i isn ' t at all believable the means arnold plays him. the support cast tries their hardest, and only gabriel byrne make water any impingement at all. as the prince of darkness, he ' s suave and confident. helium acts like one would expect the beelzebub to act. the trouble be that the script has him doing things that make no gumption (more on that later) and that undermine him as a powerful villain. byrne out - performs arnold in every scene they have together (include the aforementioned temptation bit ), but this be problematical when information technology induce the audience to start do the unthinkable: root word for the devil. byrne ' s speech astir the bible make up " overrated " actually starts to make sense, mainly because arnold ' s attack at refuting information technology (more often than not of the " ' titanium non! " variety) are nerveless at honest. the lone problem cost, arnold take in to win, indeed in the end, nobody really cares. kevin pollack plays jericho ' s security guard sidekick and tries to enliven thing up with some laughable aside, but alike most unfit action movie sidekicks, helium disappears after about an hour. robin tunney isn ' t given much to make except look scared. in fact, all of the support players be practiced role player, but none, save for byrne, exist given anything interesting to make. performance away, it would be in truth hard to enjoy this film no matter who starred in information technology. this being an legal action megahit, it ' s no surprise that the worst affair about it is the handwriting, which starts off totally confusing, and when some of information technology is explained (and non much of it cost ), it ' s utterly farcical. wherefore is the devil coming on novel twelvemonth ' s eve, 1999? because it ' s exactly 1000 years after the yr of the monster, which isn ' t 666, it turns out. some wacky non christian priest accidentally read it upside down, so the substantial year be 999, thusly just now add a 1 to the starting time, and you ' ve got 1999! if you don ' t buy this explanation, you ' re not alone. information technology ' s twist around and silly at the same time. the method by which jericho locate christine house of york is as ludicrous (she ' s christine, see, and she lives in new house of york, see. . . ), and if that weren ' t sorry plenty, on that point ' s tidy sum of bothersome stuff in this film that isn ' mt explain at all. why can satan drink down everyone helium passes on the street, but when information technology comes to snuffing out 1 sot ex - cop, he ' s powerless? is atomic number 2 imperviable to but one kind of bullet? how come he can ' t control condition jericho operating theatre christine? and how did those gregorian monks deal with time zona in their prophecies? a unwieldy attempt at a joke cost made astir this, but it ' s ne'er in reality explained. usually, this sort of thing wouldn ' t matter in a schwarzenegger flick (i mean, don ' t come pine tree state started on the clip paradoxes offered up by the terminator movies ), but this clock time the plot inconsistencies stand out even more than common because the action is seldom exciting. there are several predictable horror film clich? s present in " end of daylight, " complete with the old " black cat concealing in a cabinet " bit, non that we ever find verboten what the cat be arrange in there. it gets indeed formulaic that information technology ' s potential for those uninterested in being scared to close their eyes at the precise mo a " boo " will come. their predictions will rarely personify ill timed. the more highfaluting action sequences are utterly charmless, part because we don ' t care about these characters (due to the script ' s ridiculous attempts at characterization and frame up ), and also because they, besides, don ' t hit any sense. there ' s a view where schwarzenegger gets thrown around a elbow room by a little erstwhile dame. information technology ' s goodness for a few chuckles, but non much else. purportedly we ' re to believe she now has super strength by virtue of being controlled by satan, but the script never sets that up, so the fit is only cockamamie. none of this is terribly exciting, because all the action at law sequences are so badly redact that information technology ' s much hard to tell why it ' s happening in the first place, non to mention that they ' re edited in full - on incomprehensible mtv quick - cut style. most of them had me scratching my drumhead, quite than saying, " howler, sang froid! " " end of clarence day " is not exclusively silly and puzzling, merely it ' siemens also distinctly unpleasant to watch over. the demon apparently doesn ' t operate in the more insidious, i ' ll - convince - citizenry - to - kill - each - other fashion outlined in the bible, but instead relish kill mass gruesomely in all encompassing daylight. this doesn ' t only make him an abominably predictable sort, merely it as well means that non a single scene in " end of daylight " extend by without unnecessarily graphic violence, or the odd kinky sexual encounter (yet another bit that had me scratching my head ). if furiousness is supposed to make up shocking, it ' s not a good idea to cast off so much of information technology into a moving picture show that the consultation go numb. scenes aren ' t link through with any reasonable means, so a circumstances of the time, stuff cause bobble upward, operating theatre people become killed, and i had no idea wherefore. reason? to hell with reasons! lashkar e tayyiba ' s just blow stuff upward! isn ' t information technology cool? nope, non by a long crack. this film be thoroughly unwatchable. it ' s dull, eternal, and unrelenting in its stupidity. mayhap arnold needs to make some movies with epistle of james cameron to quicken his career, because it ' s not happening with political hack peter hyams hither. " end of days " might get have camp value, if only it didn ' t top itself away with an overly pious ending that nobody ' mho go to corrupt. if the movie be going to constitute sober, the filmmakers should have come upward with a decent script. if it ' s going to be campy, arnold shouldn ' mt be drive himself so damn in earnest (i didn ' t actually see him put upwards on a cross, did i? ), and his character shouldn ' t be such a lamentable sack. as information technology stands, " end of daylight " is just now a spoilt movie, and an awfully gloomy one at that. 