renowned hong kong action director tsui hark first teamed with jean - claude van damme on the action star ' s 1997 pairing with dennis rodman, _double_team_, and manage to make what ab initio appeared to represent a disaster into a slick, fashionable, and somewhat diverting activity timekiller. tsui continues to energetically pile on the optical razzle dazzle in his latest collaboration with the muscle from brussels, _knock_off_, but this time around, style neither save a book that is at best ridiculous, and at worst incomprehensible; nor hide a host of truly lousy performances. author steven east. desouza ' s fairly straightforward plotline isn ' t as outre as _double_team_ ' s strange yarn involve a cloak and dagger think cooler / prison, but it makes about as much sense, which is picayune. avant garde damme plays marcus shaft, a hong kong - based sales rep for a dungaree company (!) who stumbles upon a russian terrorist scheme to implant powerful microchip - sized bombs in hk product exports to the uranium. entropy. - - doll, electronic equipment, and, yes, jeans. information technology ' s all part of some type of ransom scheme, but all i remember is - - and i chaff you not - - graphics on a cia computer covert showing a map of the world, bombs detonating, and an hat - wearing figure on the other side of the world bursting out into laughter. .. .. . which make up what the bunch at the showing iodine attended spontaneously suffice throughout _knock_off_. while all of van damme ' s films have its share of unintentional laughs, mostly ascribable to the soaked act " skills " of the physically agile van damme, _knock_off_ delivers more than usual (though non as many as van damme ' s obstruct directorial effort, 1996 ' s _the_quest_ ). a mint of the jape are clear by some particularly painful lines by desouza: " i smoked that badass corresponding a roman print candle! " and " entrepreneurship, babycakes! " standing out among my favorites. but it is indeed the pathetic carrying into action that offer the majority of _knock_off_ ' s laughs. new wave damme is dependable to laughable form, perhaps yet worse than common. early scenes actually _require_ him to pull in funny with co - star rob schneider (improbably cast as a deep cover cia agent bewilder as marcus ' s business mate ), and the quite a little and sound of the all the same - intemperately - accented avant garde damme haplessly trying to drop punchlines is hilarious in the amiss way. still typically good actors be not immune to the bad acting bug. st. paul sorvino is unconvincing and terribly overwrought as schneider ' s cia superior; and lela rochon, playing an investigator for the jeans caller, spend the intact movie in constant maze mode. in rochon ' s defense, though, her role requires her to do little more than than display her toned legs, exquisite bone social structure, and perky bosoms, the latter coming in ready to hand for one key scene where she must fish for microbombs stuck in her ample cleavage. tsui picks up where he left off visually in _double_team_, juicing up the proceedings with imaginative photographic camera oeuvre. hither, though, tsui ' s optical razzle dazzle borders on over kill, get along polish off as desperate attempts to shield the pointlessness of the entire enterprise. for each nifty illusion tsui get out forth, such as a fall back visual theme that has the television camera literally going through with the circuitry of electronic devices, there follow others that are completely superfluous. this is especially discomfit when the trick in question could follow clever when used in the correct context. for instance, one scenery early on take marcus putting his mitt in a box. as helium place his hand in, the same activity equal shown from an overhead tv camera angle in a rectangle at the quoin of the screen. information technology ' s doubtless an interesting ocular, but it would have been decent if its use actually amounted to something. the exam of a van damme moving picture boil down to the action sequences, but surprisingly, those in _knock_off_ leave much to be desired. tsui does what atomic number 2 can to make something of them, employing freeze frames, blurred movement, and unconventional camera angles, but at that place is nothing fundamentally special astir the fairly generic chase and fight chronological succession written by desouza. there international relations and security network ' t anything as preposterously amuse as the climactic tiger / land mine fight in _double_team_, let alone anything remotely close to tsui ' s legendary hong kong works (but that ' s a given go in ). if tsui has any hope of approach his countryman john woo ' s stateside succeeder, atomic number 2 would do best to break gratis from van damme. .. before information technology ' s too late. if he continues his affair with b - grade movies such as _knock_off_, the respect he has from hk action fans will continue to decrease. .. that exist, if information technology hasn ' t already disappear entirely after this fiasco. 