" atomic number 80 rising " has numerous flaw, but there be one that genuinely tolerate kayoed: its central plot gimmick is unnecessary. that ' s rightfulness. the major aspect of the film, that which be supposed to make information technology dissimilar from other routine regime confederacy / action flicks could constitute dropped from the origin, and the movie would twist out on the nose the same, if not advantageously. this central gimmick live the fact that a nine - year - erstwhile boy is autistic. his name is simon, and an vicious government bureaucrat named nicholas kudrow (alec james arthur baldwin) wants him dead because he unknowingly cracked a supersecret government codification slipped into the backbone of a puzzle magazine by information technology programmer just to see if someone could beat information technology. simon is intended to exist the heart and someone of the celluloid, and we are supposed to find for him because he exist a poor handicapped child thrown into a violent, unfair world against his testament, with only a renegade federal bureau of investigation federal agent played by bruce willis to protect him. the fact that he is autistic do zippo for the emotional intensity beaver state the plot necessary of " mercury rising. " i suppose the original novel upon which the movie was based do much more with this aspect of simon ' s type and his relationship with willis, merely here it is suffer. miko hughes, the young histrion who plays simon, goes through the prescribed motions of being autistic: atomic number 2 walks slowly, drawl his bible, kicks and scream when atomic number 2 ' s touched, and take in a hard time looking at former citizenry. information technology ' s a difficult part for an adult, a great deal less a young child, to play, and unfortunately hughes never convinces uranium that he isn ' t acting like he ' s autistic. unlike dustin hoffman ' s carrying out in " rainwater human " or leonardo dicaprio ' s in " what ' s eat gilbert grapeshot, " we are always painfully aware that hughes be acting. nonetheless, unlike " rain man " which used information technology character ' s autism in unique and interesting ways to build a believable and touching floor, " mercury rising " could go powerful about its generic, predictable plot with simon being simply a really smart but really shy small fry. pit, atomic number 2 doesn ' t even have to be unsure. in fact, the movie might consume be more interesting if helium make give birth a more active role, sort of than just be carted around nether willis ' arm. thomas willis ' character, art jeffries, equal a disillusioned fbi agent world health organization has been removed from undercover work and is now fare menial chore like listening to wiretaps with rookie world health organization are happy to be coiffure anything. he becomes involve with simon when helium be called to check prohibited a murder scene at simon ' s planetary house, where his father has apparently shot his mother in the back and then institutionalize suicide. of path, we know that isn ' t the way information technology happened happen because we experience an vicious, square - jawed government hitman with a mean - looking crew - undercut knock off the parent. herb simon comprise able to start out away, and jeffries receive him hiding in a secret compartment in a closet, which the relief of the chicago police department had drop. jeffries - - world health organization is accused by several fiber at unlike times of follow paranoid although his action never suggest information technology - - knows thither be something more, and he makes it his personal mission to choke against everything and everyone in order to protect simon. this is quite a a labor because that same gun for hire who knocked slay simon ' s parents is crawl everywhere, attempting to wipe out simon at the hospital, on the highway, and every other place he work. late in the pic, jeffries make up force to enlist the care of a pretty young cleaning lady describe stacey (kim dickens) world health organization he meets at a coffee shop. of whole the hard - to - consider aspects of the film, this equal the bad. i can trust in the decency of the human heart, only stacey ' s character make up far to a fault accommodating. non only does she agree to keep an eye on simon while jeffries runs off to solve the mystery, she lets him into her apartment at two o ' clock in the morning when she knows the police is after him, and then lets him leave simon zelotes in her apartment which means that she has to forgo a business trip that is desperately needed to pay the rent. the grinding squeal of the rust plot machine are almost bear down at this point. the movie might have been redeemed by some good action chronological succession, merely still here " atomic number 80 rise up " doesn ' t rise to the challenge. the movie was directed by harold becker, who have make some good suspense films include " sea of beloved " (1989) and " malice " (1993 ), but his gift make up nowhere to be found in this late excursion. there is one fight on a trolley between jeffries and another hitman (played by peter stormare) that is so ineptly directed, shot and edited, that i have no idea 1) exactly where they were on the tramcar, 2) who personify hitting world health organization, and 3) where this shooter came from and how he knew where jeffries and simon be. the grand finale takes place on the cap of a improbable building, and features a harrowing (yawn) scene where marvin neil simon walking along the very border of the construction, not because atomic number 2 has to, but because it ' s more cliff hanging that room. consume as a whole, " quicksilver rising " exist an tepid, confused film that lack style, wit, and any trace of a sense of sense of humor. usually willis brings his personal brand of unostentatious humor to his role, but here helium is to a fault straight and serious. this cost because the movie wants to make up an action flick and a heartfelt drama at the same time, only information technology end up break on both fronts. maybe the record book was good, but the way information technology ' s handle hither is a perfect case study in formula filmmaking guaranteed to carry. 