plot: set in the futurity, a messenger has upload some data into a " hard private road " that resides in his head, and must now miss the bad guys who are after that rattling crucial information. since atomic number 2 overloaded his " hard drive ", atomic number 2 ' southward also racing against the clock before the information seeps into his brainpower and vote out him. critique: incoherent, boring, single - enactment drivel with no suspense, dreadfully unbelievable futuristic environment, bad dialogue, calling - defining bad playing by keanu reeves and a uproarious ending. it ' s too bad because the assumption of the film was interesting, but unfortunately for my friends and iodine, this movie turned come out of the closet to equal precisely as regretful as everyone had warned us. it ' s one of those films that makes you start laughing half - way through with, when you realise that most of the actors in it suck, the location shots are filmed in dark " junkyard " type areas which they would wish to have us believe to be futurist (whatever. .. ), and all the sets take care like. .. . well, set. thither is likewise absolutely no arc to this story. it basically start off with keanu upload information into his brain, and and then a bunch of kinfolk chasing him from place to place until a laughable ending order a stop to the erstwhile uneventful proceedings. gibson should stick to write novels and " x - files " episode, since his segue into the paranormal tv series was much more than entertaining than any of this drivel. some other hilarities of this film include dolph lundgren as some futurist good shepherd character whose supposed to kick tooshie, henry rollins as a pumped - up cyber - doctor oregon something, and ice - t as some sort of a hobo dude with paint all over his face (don ' deoxythymidine monophosphate ask ). the ending is the funny with some automaton dolphin and a unintelligent ghost - lady from inner the computer make some poppycock that no ace truly cares about by that point. i ' m ashamed to read this film represent shot in my hometown of montreal, canada, but deplorably enough for us all, it was. some of the cyber - travelling limited effects were ok (hence, the 2 / ten ), but overall, information technology ' s unrivaled of those bad moving picture show that ' sulphur precisely funny to watch and recoil at. gratefully for keanu, he redeemed his sci - fi career with 1999 ' s the intercellular substance (7. 5 / 10 ). information technology ' s too spoilt that he ingest yet to redeem his lack of acting talent. small known facts astir this photographic film and its stars: as of 1999, theater director robert longo never direct another broad - feature of speech film. hmmm. .. now isn ' triiodothyronine that odd? :) writer william gibson immigrate from the us to canada in 1968, after being turn down for the draft. atomic number 2 lived in toronto at maiden, but since 1972, has nominate vancouver his home. his 1984 novel " neuromancer " and information technology sequels 1986 ' s " count null " and 1988 ' s " anglesey island lisa overdrive " are generally considered to be the authoritative works of the " cyberpunk " science - fable sub - genre. this film garnered keanu reeves a nominating speech in the " bad histrion " class in the 1996 razzie awards. 