* * * the following brushup check some harsh voice communication. .. but what behave you expect when you clicked on this statute title? * * * cast: kristen holly smith, danica richard brinsley sheridan, alex boling, michael dotson, sonya hensley, janet krajeski, sabrina lu, dionysius burbano, calvin grant, jeff b. harmon written and directed by: jeff atomic number 5. harmon melt sentence: 97 minutes " the thought of lose you take a crap me all vomity inside. " - - - blatz balinski (danica richard brinsley sheridan) lament the fact that her lesbian lover, april (kristen holly smith ), possess but received a wire from her old fashioned - fiance. islet of lesbos be an incredibly unsavoury musical comedy astir apr pfferpot (smith ), a resident of the belittled town of bumfuck, arkansas world health organization is about to get married to mellow school sweetheart and football hero dick dickson (michael dotson ). when april gets utmost moth eaten understructure she runs home, sticks a gun in her backtalk, and pulls the trigger. alternatively of kill herself, she follow as if by magic transported through her mirror into the islet of lesbos, an replacement dimension where lesbians prescript and no men are allowed (except for lance, the homosexual toilet cleaner / slave ). april loves her young home and friends, but dick and her parents comprise not and then ready to give her up. mister. and ms. pfferpot (theater director jeff b. harmon and janet krajeski) decide they need medical help so they draft the aid of dr. sigmoidal colon (also jeff b. harmon ), who claims he can heal queerness. in actuality, dr. colon is homosexual as well and start his special " treatment " on dick dickson (unbeknown to dick ). when april turns down gumshoe ' s demand for her to return to bumfuck, he decides to take matter in his own hands and assault the isle of lesbos rambo - style. instead of even the plaza he falls in love with lance (alex boling) and the ii of them, along with april and her lover blatz, get wed. ( bank note to the movie maker: why did the character of lance make excursus to the photographic camera followed by silence that atomic number 53 ' m assuming was inserted for the use of waiting until the laugh of the hearing had subside? ) april ' s parents, feeling similar there is no recourse, call in a favour to president hilary rodham clinton and send a nuclear bomb (whose circuitry inexplicably is make up of a homosexual performing artist) their path. the bomb is a dud thanks to the work of the " circuitry " and they re - wire information technology and send information technology back to washington five hundred. snow. , destroy information technology. mr. and g. pfferpot give upwards trying to get their daughter back and instead decide to join her as they have some alternative sexual practice of their ain. one ' m not sure if author / theatre director / co - star jeff b. harmon was purposely trying to offend people because atomic number 2 believes in some of the ideas his picture present or if he represent just going for cheap laughs. either way, he bring off to salute some of the most sickening material i possess ever examine in a picture. the film opens with a preacher running a small african - american child out of town, and then by and by move on to the hanging of a michael jackson impersonator by the ku klux klan (during a jaunty musical number ), preceded by remarks about " gays and straights finally being able bodied to commit their differences behind them and work together to hate others, such as the jews ". if harmon was merely trying to point out how idiotic society butt be, then i apologize for be and then rough on elements of his film, but it is presented indeed mean spiritedly that ace terminate ' t help but feel like he had some good intent. as for the full central idea of the pic, i ' m afraid that it ' s one that i just assume ' t get. i try to keep an open mind while determine it, but the homosexual factor were simply too prevalent for my tastes. it was hard decent to watch out them bash former races and sexes without them advocate about the virtue of being homosexual and accepted by society. how does one expect to live live with if they are just as guilty of non - toleration? 1 ' m not prone to judging anyone and i believe that people should exist free to explore any avenues they wish free from the scornful eye of society, but don ' t force your particular empty talk down my throat if you aren ' thymine go to show the same respect for my preferences that you wish from me. again, maybe i ' m miss the satiric point that harmon is trying to make, but if so, i think it could get been treat a little to a greater extent tactfully. as far as musical funniness break, isle of lesbos is no trey bird parker and matt stone musical, but a good portion of the song are maddeningly attention getting. despite the disturbing visuals, " mom and apple proto indo european " stuck with pine tree state for the rest of the twenty four hours. speechmaking of disturb visuals, " wedding bells ain ' t echo " could have been a decent song, but the accompanying visuals of spousal vilification are to a greater extent harrowing than this film should be exhibit. " i ' m a sapphic " (which is touted in the pressure release as constitute particularly popular) follow also pretty unspoilt, only a good portion of that could represent due to the stellar singing part of ms. david smith. information technology ' s mainly on her splendid vocal music that my rating of this film be based. the other performers are comely, save for the rosie oxygen ' donnell like execution give by danica sheridan. i have no inherent problem with her character; it constitute just her cantabile vocalisation that leave small to be desired. unitary special melodic bit, " lesbian rock ", personify one of the low points 1 have ever experienced in my film - sound life thanks to a strained and lackluster vocal job by sheridan. the celluloid ends about twenty minutes before the credits actually roll out. the remainder of the running fourth dimension be padded out with a few more songs (" lesbian rock " let in) and the ridiculously presented anti - nukes substance tacked on to the end for no reason former than to make information technology a feature length movie. once the " islet of lesbos reprise " was reached, i feel the story get already been enfold improving considerably enough to end it all. wherefore was the film needlessly stretched out past its obvious close? isle of lesbos is usable on videocassette from www. indie - underground. com. the conveyance is pretty neat (and all the item of the wrinkly material and pigment backdrops are readily apparent) and the film be letterboxed at more or less 1. 85: 1. in many respects, islet of lesvos feature unbelievable cult potential (corresponding a rocky horror for the new millennium ). this picture show be by no means my cup of tea leaf, but i know in that location are those proscribed there who volition enjoy it. if you think information technology might equal for you, and then by all means seek information technology out. i, on the other hand, will constitute cleanse my pallet with a right action film comparable gladiator. .. waiting. aren ' t gladiator films study to be. .. buckeye state, never mind. 