nostalgia for the 70s continues, as we see a revival of one of the x ' s great achievements: the marijuana funniness. however one half baked doesn ' t quite head for the hills with all its genius cells, and bequeath make you appreciate the questionable endowment of cheech and chong all the to a greater extent. the secret plan follows the misadventures of four spot ne ' er - do - wellspring stoners. there ' s the radical ' s unofficial drawing card, thurgood (david chappelle ), al capone (guillermo diaz ), brian (jim breuer ), and kenny (harland tennessee williams ). kenny get into trouble, when, while on a munchie run, feed his snack food to a diabetic police horse. when the creature keel over, atomic number 2 find himself criminate of killing a police force officer, and facing a $ 1, 000, 000 bail. his friends promise to raise money for a 10% bond bond, simply have no estimation how. that be, until thurgood lurch upon a stash of pharmaceutical marijuana being tested at the party where atomic number 2 works as a janitor. soon the three guy rope be dealing cola to raise funds, while avoiding the cops and rival dealer sampson simpson (clarence williams iii ). for a clowning, the flick is pretty humorless. not that information technology doesn ' t try. .. it ' randomness exactly that the comic setups are obvious and the payoffs nearly all downfall monotone. the quatern leads cost nearly all playing the same fiber. only if williams stands proscribed (while still performing on the level of his humor - free comedy eruca vesicaria sativa man ), but that is because helium ' s remand throughout most of the film, giving a a good deal postulate change of pace (but mostly swapping one set of obvious gags for another ). to help extinct, the film is packed full of cameo. steven wright, tommy chong, janeane garofalo, willie nelson, snoop doggy dogg, and jon stewart all make appearance at unrivalled point oregon another. none of them work, beyond the simple " hey, that ' s _____ " story. in fact the funniest employment in the film comes from chappelle. not as his bland pothead lead story, just in his 2nd role, as a pot - obsessed rapper, sir smokealot. granted, it ' s pretty much a unitary - joke role, and there aren ' t a ton of laughs. .. merely this film need every one it stool kowtow upwardly. to go past it off, and in a movement contrasting with the tint of the relaxation of the moving picture show, thurgood is given a dearest interest, mary jane (rachel true ). her part be that of the public service announcement: to inform us why get along drug (include pot) is wrong. her fictitious character seem fabricated but as a defense to the " your plastic film promote the use of drugs " camp. the motion picture would feature been better off by sticking with the " insurrectionist " tone information technology so thirstily tries to lay claim. yet, in the end, it doesn ' liothyronine in truth matter. watching the film clean and sober, you are bind to recognize how in truth awful information technology represent. 