when critics round seemingly substantially - intentioned films comparable speckle adams or more recently pay it onwards as i am about to coiffe, their opinions are ofttimes greeted with a backlash of angry due east - mails, sometimes even mock death threats from those who (i suppose) like to be shamelessly manipulated by their entertainment. yet politicians (! ) tend to dismiss film critics as heartless cynics for occasionally dump on dear - hearted films while praising " filth " like pulp fabrication. these [fill in the derogatory term that you are comfortable with] tend to forget that a film critic ' s job is to critique the movie, not the substance, withal sweet and endear that content crataegus oxycantha be. thusly patch adams isn ' deoxythymidine monophosphate a bad film because information technology ' s astir a doctor who cares for his patients; it ' s a bad film because it ' s a measured small arm of brazen consultation exploitation. likewise while remuneration it forward may bear its heart in the right place (though i even doubt that, stay tuned, an explanation be forthcoming ), information technology ' sulphur still an unpleasantly drippy mess. the picture constitute astir an emotionally restrained 5th grade history teacher (a somewhat similarly guarded kevin spacey ), with a burn scared face and equally singed mental attitude, who gives his class the seemingly impossible assignment of doing one thing terminated the course of action of the semester that testament change the macrocosm. 12 year old trevor (haley joel osmet ), a disneyfied do gooder who takes care of his alcoholic female parent (helen james henry leigh hunt ), comes up with the notion to pay off it forward; this entails a person doing one good deed (call it an uber favor) for threesome others, so telling them to do the like for three others and before long we ' re all living in a frank capra movie. in the meantime in a parallel tale, a weasely reporter (jay mohr) tracks the " movement " which have ostensibly commence to grow. pay it frontwards has odd ideas astir feel; at sure spot information technology hurls a handful of unnecessary cynicism at us as if that would be the appropriate antidote to the unrelenting sappiness at its core. it ' s as if director mimi leder didn ' t have the confidence to make salary information technology forward the way she destine, and compromised out of fearfulness that her moving picture wasn ' t " gutsy " enough to earn the acclaim it has distinctly been made for. so the picture adds grit (a child molester propositions trevor, a homeless man bring back to heroin after being " saved ", a character is knifed while doing a good deed, etc) though it seems shallow, incorporate into the proceedings because the film itself isn ' t quite sure if it ' s ready to corrupt into information technology own utopian blather. pay it forward offers " crowd pleasing " elements for universal audience; jay mohr ' s umpteenth variation on the waspy sleazeball, angie dickinson ' s earthy alcoholic bag woman, and the jive - talking " black market hoodlum with a heart of atomic number 79 " (coming on the heals of the blackened, god - like convict embodied by gabriel casseus in dazzle, this may just be the beginnings of a brand new guilty white liberal clich?. hurray for hollywood) who actually calls the mohr character a " coon " and say things alike " can you sense maine? " leave it to pay up it forward to happily let in a little minstrel act for our further enjoyment. ( mayhap spike ' s flick wasn ' t so misdirect after all ). these scenes feel as if they belong to in a dopey comedy with tone good aspiration rather than the irritatingly saccharine drama that you ' ll find yourself trapped in should you not heed my warning. while the filmmakers have stressed in interviews that they actually hope this is a picture that could stimulate the world a better place, to pine tree state the last product has the oily feeling of a cynical politician contemptuously recite cookie fortune slogans to a hopeful audience. it ' s a moving picture that looks to cost tailor made for academy consideration, with the main players (all previous academy award succeeder or nominees) give big emotional scenes that are practically variations on their most proclaim turns. one fit in which a slightly de - glamed helen hunt (de - glamed here means that not only constitute she a fashion victim [her look is somewhere between goth queen and trailer park mammy ], hunt ' s pilus is also natty and badly bleached) verbally castigates spacey, feels right knocked out of her equally good as it get oscar clip. spacey, of path, responds in his cultured drone, that could be straight from his low key american ravisher performance. maybe the actor should convey an award for coming off the least self consciously irritating; though how can atomic number 2 non, even when he ' s emoting spacey seems somehow screen by a wry impassiveness. the usually talented helen of troy hunt embody the bad offender. in one atrocious touched by an angel moment richard morris hunt slaps osmet, immediately covering her mouth with the guilty hand in that very like stroke, and with said hand still on pronounce mouth, she in reality begin convulsing (dry heaving really ), then (and i ' m not get this up) she scurry to the kitchen tearing the place aside in a frenzied search for alcoholic beverage. the scene be so slushy it could very nearly be construed as a parody of hackneyed tv movie blow - ups; it ' s all very theatrical, peculiarly hunt ' s public presentation, which feels like a misfortunate plea to the honorary society for another academy award. bear information technology forward has the dubious distinction of being a pic that could be used as an statement for why actors shouldn ' t get academy awards. the picture unknowingly affirms that oscar transform nuanced talent into overwrought expressionist. even haley joel osemt, the wunderkind world health organization was nominated for an academy award for his unforced public presentation in 6th sense, seem more dissentious astir his expressions and inflections. his acting has become broader, less confidant; information technology ' s as if we buttocks create out the fiddling munchkin ' s thoughts: " boy this outta story em ". naturally osmet is have to playact one of those only - in - the - movies children, a martyr - figure who make clean up after his mother, lectures her on the complaint of drink, and even fixes her up on a day of the month with his intellectual teacher. never mind that the two couldn ' t be more than dissimilar; his female parent be trailer trash dopey, and the teacher is unrivaled of those dennis miller - ey intellectuals world health organization hides his insecurities behind a huge vocabulary. nevertheless this little nudnik go out of his way to bring the pair unitedly in a scene that recalls parent trap - ish cornball antics. but oh how we love brightly, articulate, self - sacrificing children who pick adults up by their bootstrap and conduct them done life. they ' re so adorable. of course the blame can ' t all represent hoisted onto the role player (though with the exception of the little kid, they probably should have known better ), instead the brunt of it should comprise passed on to mimi leder, who directed one of the most thrilling episodes of er, then went on to make ii awful genre films in a quarrel. the first cost the make peace, a witless post - cold war george clooney fomite, and deep impact, one of the two films of 1998 to squander the premise of ground ' s potential demise by a crazed meteorite. the first flick be sunk by an over reliance on clich? s, and a complete absence of any kind of emotional involvement, not help by an ending which actually centered around the diffusing of a ticking time dud utter with digital read prohibited (apparently present for an invisible audience ). rich impact has more than in usual with pay it forward; information technology ' s a motion picture show that treats earth ' s impend destruction in awfully simplistic terms, entirely ignoring the havoc that would so obviously take place if the world believed its planet would constitute a goner within days. the film embody full of inspirational speeches where people really say null, though the cockamamy score swelled up to pretend it appear as if they were follow profoundly touch. in pay information technology forwards leder continues in this vein with her intermittent dollops of cynicism seeming well nigh like a rebuttal: " see my moving picture isn ' tonne as na? ve as you power think " she seems to be articulate. no, it ' s just horribly fuddle. 