" alcoholic drink and drug = bad. non alcohol and drug = good. receive it? " just when you though you ' ve seen enough of brave young women cope with their personal problems on screen, represent that insanity or alcoholism, hollywood releases yet another one of those ' deep, emotional tarradiddle about find yourself '.. ' 28 days ' be much a visualization of the usual ' meaningful ' dependable stories that people are thus proudly retelling at aa - meeting. gwennie (sandra bullock) be a young woman world health organization drowned her problems in inebriant. for her life was a big political party, with no beginning and no closing. this behavior receive of class estranged her from her only sister and from life itself. her existence is satiate with endless parties and comic episodes. such as when she arrive intoxicated with boyfriend jasper (dominic rebecca west ), borrowed her sister ' s (elizabeth perkins) wed limo and crashed it into someone ' s house. this time she have to pay with a twenty eight clarence shepard day jr. stay in court - ordered rehab. hither she must realize that the only thing that can save her is her be repurchase, willpower and committal. most significant she must clear her plaza and direction in life and understand that her life is non just a big party. the pic itself feels alike a rehab plan, whining and moaning about things that have been said and written a million metre. information technology be a classic cautionary tale. an reverberation. a giving, fat and expensive clich?. a shadow of net twelvemonth ' s ' girl, break ', which likewise followed in the footsteps of great masterpiece like ' the twat ' s nest ' and ' trainspotting '. director betty thomas have got engorge her film with and so many failures and errors, that it is out of the question to sum them all up in one review. for some paranoid intellect she decided to make her film a drama / comedy. jokes and odd characters near by choice delude you from the really important and complex issues: disaffection, despair, terror, confusedness, loneliness. and what awesome power and strength of character it actually consume to overtake all that and get clean. isn ' mt that what the film maker want to show in the first place? still the transition unconscious process itself seems like a walk of life in the park. betty thomas ' estimation of infernal region is a cozy, homy place where happy alcoholics and cheerful drug addicts are non allowed to smoke, drink or watch tv after 11. it is simply too light, simplified and unnecessary sweet to be take gravely. but the sorry thing about it is that it actually thinks that it is say something of implication. that information technology actually tries to prepare the audience with its extremely predictable and primitive story. " all you call for to do comprise just tell no ", says dr. cornell (steve buscemi) as if was the revelation of the century. and that ' s how uncomplicated it constitute! in fact i would rather determine ' lost in space ' once over again, than tax return to ' 28 day '. as for acting, information technology ' s acceptable, merely hardly anything else. for sandra bullock it ' s an opportunity to certify that she is capable of more than than ' velocity '. she handles her part with a surprising professionalism and ease that certainly saves the motion picture from comprise a thoroughgoing flop. dominic west shines as the source of gwenie ' s devilish temptations, only elizabeth perkins ' and steve buscemi ' s great talents are wasted on unnoticeable and shallow reference. although intellectually ' young woman, interrupted ' be a dandy achievement, ' twenty eight day ' is superior in its visual aspect. there are some nice instant back sequence and occasionally impressive tempo, just the overall technical view of this movie is on the ground floor. the to the highest degree important affair be that we ' ve get a line it before and it was a lot better. ' clean and sober ', ' just when 1 joke ', ' when a military personnel loves a woman ', ' leaving las lope felix de vega carpio ' and many other stronger cinema constitute made about the like outlet. and so what ' s the power point? in other word ' twenty eight days ' doesn ' t contribute to the movie making business organisation on any stage. if you ' re caught in a blizzard or bolts of lightning fall from the sky and you ' re standing in front of the pic theatre, you might every bit substantially go in and take in ' 28 days '. under all other circumstances stay away, because this film equals $ octad and 103 minute recede. 