a movie about divorce and detention in 1995 seems about every bit well timed as a movie about temper rings. family breakups have constitute an all too familiar part of the american landscape for most xxx age, and countless dramas have assure stories of acrimonious royal court struggle in hired man - wringing contingent. yet, single can ' t recall a funniness about the field of study before bye bye love. and after information technology, i still dismiss ' thymine. good day bye beloved be rarely funny, more often a imperfect and melodramatic retread of common tv - movie menu. only a few minute which have nothing to do with the film ' second chief premiss offer magnanimous laughs or else of cliched emotion. au revoir bye love follows one weekend in the aliveness of three divorced male parent who find weekend custody of their children. dave (matthew modine ), a father of two, is an inveterate philanderer having difficultness staying faithful to his latest girlfriend; vic (ruttish quaid) is a foul - humored sire of three about to go on a rare date; donny (paul reiser) pines for his ex - wife and has trouble relating to his teenage daughter emma (eliza dushku ). complete the course of the weekend, the deuce ace man confront various crises, including vic ' s subterfuge particular date from hell (janeane garofolo) and donny ' s growing estrangement from emma. the three lead actors form a rather unlikely combo, and the quality of their performances is of wide vary character. randy quaid is the adept of the three, bitter without being irritating, gleefully spiteful without be terrorisation. his trial - ins with be ex - wife (lindsey crouse) be a routine over - played, though, and his confrontation with a pompous radio set psychologist (rob reiner) represent gimmicky and implausible. he does pose bye bye love ' s best hoagy - plot, a hilarious dinner party date with a gloriously demented janeane garofolo, and he act a great slow burn. apostle paul reiser truly has but one graphic symbol, his slightly befuddled, uptight nice guy wire " mad about you " persona, merely he does it well. as a personality, he is appealing, only as a role, he becomes passably irksome here. matthew modine, live, quite a merely, terrible. this isn ' t a functioning good enough to make up called mailed - in; he even forget to put a stamp on information technology. modine lacks any appeal in an appallingly under - written use, looks bored most of the time, and stupefy stay put with a trite little speech astir how it ' mho all his father ' s fault he ' s such a hound. carolco ' s executive, whose intact future is roost on modine ' s bankability for the upcoming cutthroat island, moldiness be sweating buckets right now. bye bye be intimate basically comes off as a very confused movie, because it spends far overly much of information technology time on the new relationships of its main characters instead of on the relationships between the fathers and their kid, making information technology just another " date in the 90s " movie. when the movie does parcel out with the children at all, information technology is to have unitary of them scream out an accusation and / or cry, perhaps to be break up later by a raw talking and a hug, perchance not. even to a greater extent confusing is a sub - plot featuring the belated erectile dysfunction flanders as a widower who go to ferment and a mcdonald ' s and befriends a riotous youth. information technology is a sorry end to flanders ' life history, getting caught astir in a truly annoying over - usance of mcdonald ' s as a fix, a plot gimmick and, apparently, a major advertizer. even if bye bye love had resolve to spend its time concentrate only on the parent - child relationships, information technology still would experience been reasonably unmanageable to pull off, because ultimately there is very little humour one can wring from family break - ups and their effects on children. any way you slice information technology, information technology is a bad office for child, and the makers of bye bye love mostly go for the heartstrings when deal with the single parenting event. it is left to the pappa ' romantic fumblings to probide what little humor there is, and it isn ' t plenty. there have been compare between bye good bye love and parenthood, simply parentage was both truly funny and genuinely touching. bye bye love is a true ignominy. 