yet the skillful comic actor is at the mercy of his operating theater her material, as this subpar submarine comedy prof. down periscope stars kelsey " frasier " grammer as an cumbersome navy captain who be given command of his ain ship as region of a corrupt officer ' s (king james i coburn) plan to get him out of the naval forces. like any lame emsemble comedy, the officer assigns him to a group of misfits similar the guy who wants to be kicked out, the fat guy who feed all the time, the beautiful woman world health organization doesn ' t belong there (lauren holly ), the second - in - command world health organization does everything by the book (rob schneider ), the crazy old guy who freak out everyone out (harry dean stanton) and so on. then fare the transparent plotline. firstly grammer has to fix up the delapidated korean war embark the navy make given him, and that comes courtesy a sad visual sense gag montage that includes a hombre with a swob knocking schneider overboard. after the ship is fixed up total the early drill, where everyone seems completely feckless, like the lineman who can ' t connect wires thus instead lets the current run through himself every time grammer gets on the phone. in conclusion, and this incubate the final hour of the movie, grammer has to go his men (and holly) to overcome the early ship in a wargames practice. and atomic number 2 has to be a cagey freedom fighter to do information technology, in scenes that stretch all levels of credibleness. first they ' re babble " louie louie " like a bunch of drunkard sailors to throw the radar of the early ship off, then thirty minutes later on, they ' re making whale mating noise to throw the radar of the other ship off. the unit while, evil maitre d' coburn is overacting underwater, cursing grammer (as most people watch out the motion picture probably are too ). it ' s all predictable without any original humor to redeem information technology. the jokes equal ripe forbidden of " mchale ' s navy " and other cut - rate situation comedy of the past times. there ' s one prospect where schneider looks through the ship ' s buttery in disgust, guard one food backside up and announces, " this expired in 1966! " atomic number 53 yelled backwards at the screen, " indeed behave these jokes. " i watched this film with the unhurt family and everyone hated it. my mom was so bored she brought out the voucher book battle of midway through and, around the startle of the 2nd time of day, iodin begin writing my volition. the blame fundament ' t really be come out on the star, though. kelsey grammer be good in this, he just doesn ' t have anything to bring with. his character is read to have gotten so drunk one nox that helium had " welcome aboard " tatooed on his penis. grammer probably do something still worse - - got rattling drunk and match to appear in a movie he knew nothing about. same for holley (spare the penis division ), world health organization is likeable in down pat periscope just because she ' s so gorgeous. as for schneider (whose character is downright gravel ), at that place was nowhere to go but up after surf ninjas, although he ' entropy still in the depths of the funniness ocean after jumping the " snl " ship. my theory is that down periscope is one of those movies that aim the green light before the script be even write as a formula comedy (" okay, it ' s police academy in the us navy with frasier at the helm and the chick from dull and dumber. ") and after everyone was signed on turned into a disaster. judging from the video box, nearly other picture critic agree with pine tree state. the solitary quote the down periscope copy writers could dig upwardly came from the prevue duct ' s jim ferguson. i guess yet jeff craig from " sixty second preview " (world health organization say tank girl " kicks butt! " without ever visualize information technology) didn ' triiodothyronine like this. 