outline: two con artist find the arrant patsy in harry (woody harrelson) - - an inept former journalist world health organization trips and bumps his head into a postal service, attempt to slap a girl and gets poked in the eye, has ill - timed fits of coughing, and fails at everything helium does. the fib is told from harry ' s point of prospect. harry always carries around a shot of whisky although helium swears he doesn ' t drink. single day harry is near by the bunco game girl nandu (elisabeth shue ), who is alike to harry in that she carries around a cigarette but swears she doesn ' t smoke. seduced, plague agrees to participate in a money - making scheme involving faking the kidnapping of odette (chloe sevigny ), the teenaged daughter of a ample isle of man. turns out, it ' s all share of a needle, very enigmatical, highly detailed and convoluted dodge (it involves hiring special imitator) by two cons in club to fool harry, a hero who barely has the intellectual capacity of a wooden billet. when the ' kidnap ' odette be found drained, the clues direct to harry as the kidnapper / manslayer, and the police are hot on harry ' s track. harry suddenly realizes he has been frame while others take taken the ransom money. can he obtain extinct of this mess? opinion: palmetto is a farseeing, uninteresting film with all the incorrect feel. champion harry is an inept bungler who travel up oft and consistently overestimates his ain intelligence. this farcical sort of character works best in an entertaining raw gun action comedy or trawl net lampoon. only palmetto cost played like a dark, serious, detective noir drama, and watching harry ' s spoil trust amounts to an irritating beguilement. there ' s a backsliding in density in the midriff of the moving picture as the camera goes wild on breasts, buttocks, myopic skirts, colored painted nail, and cleaning woman ' s leg. even when the stress is purportedly on harry and his dilema, you send away always notice the side of elizabeth shue ' sulfur breast forming a outstanding foreground. towards the end, palmetto ray - focuses on plot for the grand finale - - a confusing account involving impersonators, with woody harrelson handcuffed and suspended complete a tubful of back breaker as he hears the crook ' confession. if you can imagine ' shemp ' from the 3 goat playing the detective hero of an hbo ' lingerie suspense ' thriller, that ' s how out of synch this movie tone. 