the setting at the end of 1989 ' s ` dead poets high society, ' when robin williams ' english students bear up on their desk and suppose, ` captain, my maitre d'hotel, ' gets pine tree state every prison term. unfortunately, the royal court way scene near the end of robin redbreast ' s unexampled flick, ` patch adams, ' doesn ' t take anywhere nigh the like encroachment. from the aerofoil ` piece adams ' spirit very promising. information technology ' s a chronicle about a not so unseasoned man, patch john quincy adams (robin williams ), world health organization finds meaning in his life through helping sick the great unwashed. when the moving picture opens, we find patch, downcast and suicidal, check himself into a genial infirmary. in a few scenes, strongly reminiscent of ` one flew over the cuckoo ' siemens nest, ' he end up helping the patient through their job; and it ' s here that he finds how much helium loves working with multitude. so atomic number 2 mark himself out of the infirmary, and heads straight to medical school. right from the startle, patch uses comedy to help urinate the patient to a greater extent comfortable. he incessantly break aesculapian tradition and makes the dean of the schooltime angry. curtly after joining medical schooling, he meets and fall in love with carin (monica potter ). they, along with patch ' s jerk friend, truman (daniel london ), start a medical clinic for uninsured citizenry. once the dean catch nothingness of the clinic, he tell patch he crapper ' t graduate and kicks him out of school. patch, alike what any dependable american would do, takes the school to courtroom. it ' s hither where the non so climatical motor lodge room battle takes place, over whether or non piece rear end become a real doctor. i have ne'er see a moving picture show with some potential just wholly blow it. information technology seem more comparable a series of inadequate sketches, rather than a full - length pic. considering it runs almost two hr, much also long for such a light film, it could have flowed much smoother. not to mention the fact of how severe the film bring itself, and wangle to cover totally the commonplace of bad melodrama. robin ted williams saves the film from be abysmal with several laughable scenes that elevate the moving picture show to harbour and worthwhile level. but those moments personify rare and in the end ` patch adam ' equal barely ordinary. 