convulsion for a graverobber ' reciprocal ohm night out, fat girl stands cast iron firm with the simplistic, fatuous, built - in exculpation that its woman director is baring the rough intimate reality of teenage girl. being a boy, i might not understand distaff behavior and be unequipped to analyze this peculiar fraud - feminist coming - of - long time story. bonny enough. single ' ll pretend to ignore the mannered posturing and health course of study 101 " this is a no - no " dialogue when older teenage boy coaxes young teenage miss to allow him fuck her up the ass, speak variant on " it won ' t hurt! " for a view that seems to last at least 10 minutes. this is done almost only in an unbroken master key nip that suggest unimaginative camerawork more than unflinching voyeurism. they dare you to look off, without possess the courage of allowing the tyke to actually sound like tiddler (they ' re mouthpieces for author - director catherine breillat ' due south one - note clinical politics ). rather than present an still - handed evaluation of the rigors of hormonal change, breillat (antecedently responsible for the unwatchable romance) wants to indulge in her minute of hate. life be pain, highness. get use to it. she ' d discover keen bedfellows in neil labute and todd solondz, other sultan of misanthropy who miss the formal to be earnest operating room honest. for child, dealing with hurt and painful sensation is complicated. to bury that in sarcasm and pedantic theory feels cheap. these would - be auteurs (more like haughtiness) haven ' t earned the right to display suffering because they don ' t bed it in emotional truth (as mike leigh come throughout naked and david lynch in respective key vista of blue velvet ). of course, there i decease again comparing her to wholly these (better) male person directors. i don ' tetraiodothyronine care. gender follow damned, she ' s delimitation inept. braced for a knee - saccade reaction from the art theatre crowd (mortified shock or compulsory hand clapping will suffice ), writer - film director catherine breillat may advantageously accomplish her delegation to catch a salary increase prohibited of people. preceptor ' t be fooled. this fantastical simplism of uneasy forays into passion crataegus laevigata be apace forgotten, remembered only as cold, boring, philosophically arid, and displaying incompetence photographed. the hyperviolent climactic sequence proves so inordinately misguided that 1 candidly wondered whether breillat deliver thrown in an impromptu aspiration sequence. dozen years erstwhile, a package of dough with a sour horned pout, the superb ana? s reboux plays the titular fat girl with a thousand thousand stare and a frumpish lightsomeness. ( her part be also named ana? s. ) sitting at the board morosely slurping down a banana tree split, her presence is grounded and heartbreaking. it ' s a commiseration breillat never finds anything for her to make out former than get defensive against her evil storybook sister, fifteen - year old elena (roxane mesquida ), for bringing a transitory beau dwelling to their shared room. in this summertime bungalow, ana? s has no escape valve from her position as stoic bedside commentator to elena ' s dismay disarray of cheap sex with romance. the boy in question, a smug italian college child name fernando (libero diamond state rienzo) be a real piece of body of work, claiming that the experience is a declaration of love while begging for a blowjob. ana? s doesn ' t receive any warmth from her largely absent parents, world health organization bring together elena in make fun of her brawny girth. she come up delight in stray the beach alone, sing songs to herself, and swimming in the pool kiss the metal railing and pretending that information technology ' s her paramour. reboux commands the screen, only on that point ' s only so much a baby actress derriere do recounting pretentious monologues to herself. if one is revolutionise to rescue this young performer and shoes her in a better movie, at least she come better than the other young talent asked to perform in acute love scenes that might feel justified if they weren ' t thus dramatically misguide. this 83 - minute vignette be something of a horror display, but breillat saves her nastiest toxicant for the real end. on the farseeing ride household punctuated by an uncomfortable silence between family members, mammoth trucks swerve by as the hour grows late. will mommy fall asleep at the cycle? possibly. or maybe there ' s something deadlier around the recess, lie in waiting to pounce upon the unsuspicious fatty girl. what ' due south to a greater extent, she power even like it. with the intent of being unfair and unpredictable, grade her heroine in the most diabolical of corner in order to face upwardly to impending maturity, breillat ' s extreme flourish of sadistic tawdriness reveals her as a master purveyor of contempt. juicy female child is a bitter pill indeed. aka? ma soeur! screened at the 2001 new york film fete (feature of speech amount soon ). 