there are those of us who opine of leslie nielsen as the bumbling, wretched straight military man from the hysterical " naked gun " films, crack an straightaway smiling and forgive him of any wavering movie spoof he ' s committed himself to starring in since. the flutter motion picture spoofs, however, are less excusable. to be just, " wrongfully accused, " the send - up in question and nielsen ' s third parody since the last " gun, " isn ' t quite as excruciatingly humorless as his " dracula: deadened and loving it " or " spy hard, " which be a mighty good thing. nielsen is still in tip - top comedic material body, capable as ever to deadpan his path through even the most horrible puns, but he in truth call for a screenplay that plays off his talents rather of relying on them, and he needs one very before long. " wrongfully accused " meshes together the assumption of " the fugitive " and " patriot games, " contrive its e'er secret plan star as ryan harrison (get it? ), a master violinist who be withdraw into an affair with a married temptress (kelly le brock ). she, nonetheless, set harrison up to admit the hip hop for the slaying of her husband (michael york) - a crime actually committed by a unmatchable - armed, one - legged, one - eyed military personnel (aaron pearl ). harrison is arrested, found guilty and sentenced to death, merely escapes from a prison bus, of course, and then is pursued by a determined atomic number 92. s. marshal named fergus falls (richard crenna, unnecessarily riffing off of tommy lee casey jones ' already smirky academy award - gain ground use ). thither ' s also a mystery brunette (melinda john mcgraw) and an blackwash subplot necessitate the u. n. writing table general, but similar any of it matter. " wrongfully accused " gets off to an assured start, with an in - concert nielsen, touted " lord of the fiddle " by bare - chested bill sticker, pulling a jimi james marshall hendrix on his musical instrument as century of tuxedo - clad mosh in front of the stage. nice touch sensation. most of the scenes that accompany, however, ne'er crown the opener. ( hysteric exceptions: the mentos and " baywatch " goofs. ) moving picture show mockery are ram in at an well nigh - subliminal rate, but most are empty. when a jumbo snake lunges onto the screen and snatches a cast member a la " anaconda " operating theater baseball game players evaporate into a " field of dreams " - esque corn field, there ' south really naught to laugh at. former here and now, like an interlude in a fishing shop, are thus unfocused that you ' re not certain what you ' ra supposed to be express joy at. thither look to be more cheap references than frenzied send - ups here, so information technology ' s possible that director / writer pat proft, by bombarding the looker with a regardless mixture of the two, guarantee something is sure to stick. and what does stick stick well, particularly the jabs at genre conventions like stylized flashbacks and hard - boiled dialogue, what those " nude gunman " s (which proft collaborated on) did great; these bit are so on - target that they tolerate you to remember " wrongfully accused " as an almost - halfway - there spoof instead of a lame - brained failure. the movie mightiness have been cuss to begin with, opening fast on the heels of " mafia! ", from proft colleague jim abrahams, and " baseketball, " from proft colleague jacques louis david zucker, merely information technology ' s a strong possibility that nobody is going to be accusing " wrongfully accused " of being nielsen ' s shady. 