synopsis: valerie, a high pitched school junior who doesn ' t look a day under twenty two, writes bad poetry, complain astir how much she hates schooltime, fantasizes about a untried guy on trial run for raping and murdering six women, chooses him as a pen pal, and plays hooky to see him in court. after a break, the killer whale puts on great sunglasses, wears a half - buttoned jacket, and use his fatal charm to conk out after valerie. comments: " alan smithee " directed disastrous charm, which should experience been to a greater extent appropriately entitle " fatal bore " or " fateful crap ". if you rule kayoed that a film you ' re about to see is directed by " alan smithee, " then you should in earnest, seriously, earnestly consider watch out something, anything, else. " alan smithee " personify a pseudonym which a number of directors have used when they grow something really bad. candidly, iodin ' d personify obstruct if i had directed this turkey, so i suppose i understand why the director power stimulate picked the " alan smithee " nickname for this movie. where to start with this painfully poor thriller? let ' s commencement with the acting. it ' s passably bad. amanda peterson plays valerie and register at least some talent (the rest of the hurl don ' t ), even though her functioning international relations and security network ' t exactly stellar fabric. she ' s also miscast; she seem way too sure enough to still birth a year of in high spirits schooling to complete. her scenes with valerie ' s female parent, played by mary frann, are a joke. the two look as though they ' re a span of coworkers going stunned to lunch in concert, rather than a daughter with her mother world health organization merely doesn ' t understand. st. christopher atkins, a handsome adequate thespian world health organization plays the killer, adam, looks like a buffoon in the second half of fatal charm. try to seem malicious and severe, he wears large sunglasses and a half - buttoned jacket. if disney decided to do a goof comedy caper astir the unabomber, atkins would probably equal a perfect nominee for the lead, but helium doesn ' t cut information technology here. early on in the movie, a telephone number of scenes occurs in a court. international of the laughably poor performance given by the actor portraying lawyers, the hoi polloi sit in the benches render the silliest effort at play in the film. they constantly shift and turn and arch their heads in mock interest group in what has set out to be one of the bad perfomances that a large group of people have give at one time ever. fatal charm ' s storyline, such as information technology is, inspire more oscitancy than shudder. the handwriting belabors a reddish herring, early on, astir a 2nd suspect who may have committed the murders for which adam (atkins) is charge with. this suspect, however, turns upward stifled and drowned midway done the film: an obvious game mistake. still for the idiots who didn ' t consider the movie ' s title as valerie and a blond newsreporter commented how innocent and catch the defendant seemed, it becomes quite a obvious that adam is severe when the former suspect washes up. therefore, the audience mustiness wait (if they haven ' t already finish watching) as the necessary details flow into place and the killer goes after the heroine in the drawn - out coda. the video recording box for this dud draw black charm as an " erotic thriller ". a thriller information technology isn ' t, and neither be it particularly titillating. one can ' t imagine, if person were in the humour for something " titillating, " that he ' d be glad after watch over this fluff. a few erotic moments occur in the film; they lease office in a van with little light and are film out of focus (see, they ' re supposed to constitute valerie ' s fantasies - - how creative ). on a personal annotation, i was disturbed by the absurd english literature class shown in this moving picture which valerie get to hurt done. it ' s no wonderment why she hated high school indeed much. as an instructor of english myself, i throw a hard time accepting the fact that in a track emphasizing great lit, a teacher would stoop to reading a student ' s bad poetry (of course, it ' s valerie ' s) about swain extinct loud and then embarassing its author in front of class with questions about the poem ' s inspiration. ace reckon the public school scheme is still setting dubious standards for its students. fatal charm advance ' t good luck charm anyone, unless there ' s soul that ' s bewitch by tire, lifeless, insipid, suspenseless thrillers. if you encounter upon this turkey, exactly continue moving on. 