the above is dialogue from this film, taken almost completely in context, and not jazzed up a bit to make information technology to a greater extent cumbersome than it is. information technology is spoken between two of the protagonist somewhere in the motion picture show, and basically serves as a perfect model of what this film is about, especially if you realize that this exchange be meant to be taken seriously. mr. gregg " i ' molarity - having - a - mid - life - crisis " araki, the writer and manager of this film, wants to show how significant stripling are, and wants to show how they feel in such a horrible, horrifying world. and how does helium show information technology? by really cheap surrealism, and moronic exchange same this. buckeye state, and it gets well. a interchangeable moment of dialogue is said in the middle of, oh i dunno, the fiftieth sexual practice view in this film (iodin ' metre not counting the various onanism scenes ). in it, one of the protagonist is humping away on top of another, and helium says to her something along the lines of " make you of all time wonder what spirit is all astir? " sorry, human being: foreplay takes place before the routine of coitus. of course, what do you expect: the flick was drop a line and directed by a guy world health organization can ' t even spell his maiden name mighty (yes, i hump it ' s a brassy joke, but information technology had to be done ). " the doom generation " is advertised as a road trip movie about citizenry who choke around killing others who attack them, and also as another " teen angst " film (nonpareil of the shibboleth is " teen is a little joe - letter logos " - hardy har har ). it ' s a film about two angsty teens - amy blue (rose macgowan, who would later play the buxom tatum in " scream ") and jordon white (james duval, who would go on to play randy quaid ' s son in " independence day ") - who pick up an angsty homicidal maniac, xavier red (jonathan schaech, who would go on to toy the angsty lead guitar player in " that thing you coiffe! " - and by the way, do you get the symbolisation? cerise, lily white, and blue? huh? huh? ), and fail on a route trip where 3 thing happen, in no order: 1) they have sex; 2) they carry into weird mass; 3) they wipe out them. the film be basically a remix of a cluster of other far superior films. gregg araki obviously has seen such films as " easy rider, " " natural max born killers, " and " kalifornia, " and tries to borrow element from all these films and do something which cost like a popular culture reference templet. but what he forgets be these films either make up something that this film does non, or that they dug late into their subjects and brought something out of them to make them deeper. " the doomsday generation " doesn ' thyroxin want to do this; it simply want to show everything in a surreal mode for the sole reason that araki does not want to deal with them on any kind of real spirit level. helium wants to point everything in a weird manner, and leave what the scenes are guess to be about. hither ' s unrivaled panorama, an earlier scene in the film: amy and jordan go into a nimble - e mart type lieu to get nutrient and other stuff. amy is smoke, and the clerk, an asian man thinker you (i jazz how racist this film is, ane really do ), severalize her to invest it out. she tells him to fuck off beaver state something to that note. he point a shotgun at her, and she place it prohibited reluctantly. jordan river makes two hot dogs, and takes them to the parry. the cash register skirt up " half a dozen. lxvi " ( buckeye state, and this symbolism doesn ' t stop here ). hashemite kingdom of jordan checks for his notecase simply it ' s really in the car. he asks amy for information technology, but she leave her pocketbook in the car as advantageously. the clerk brings out his shotgun over again and asks for the money. they say they don ' t take it. helium gets ready to belt down them, only then xavier, who they ditched in the middle of nowhere a scene before, pops out of nowhere, fights with the salesclerk, and ends with him blowing the clerk ' s head clean off (unobjectionable injury, mind you ). the nous is shown flying done the airwave, and lands in a fryer, where it begins to shout. 1 don river ' t really object to this kind of sick violence, but this scene is in the film for unmatchable reason and i ground only: to rank you out. araki thinks that if he accept everything to the extreme point, he ' ll take in some sort of art. ill timed. information technology takes a kind of resistance to make gore art. when george romero clear " dawn of the dead, " a very gory flick even for today, atomic number 2 had control terminated everything and even was able to make everything sick. same goes for peter jesse jackson ' s disgustingly gory " dead alive, " which features a 30 minute longsighted fest of blood, guts, dismemberments, flesh chewing, and other assorted stuff, all ending with a guy rope with a lawn lawn mower strapped to his body, taking out all sorts of zombies. information technology was sick, but it was also satirical, and check. a scene like this have no purpose in the film, and it sticks knocked out from everything else that materialize. hither ' s a couple other scenes: jordan and amy have sex in a bath tub and xavier watches, masturbates, and so licks the seed from his hand; xavier and amy have sex and jordan watches from the window, masturbates, and falls backwards; a man attacks the trio, and is stabbed in the crotch by a giant sword (put there just so this could happen ); a libertine food employee stalks the triple, and his arm is shot off by xavier; and various other annoyances. also, look for about a million camoes from a wide categorisation of hoi polloi, world health organization in all likelihood didn ' t really know what they were getting into when they sign up to do information technology (just now similar peter o ' toole, helen mirren, malcolm macdowell, and john gielgud probably didn ' t when they signed to be in " caligula " ). the great unwashed such as indie histrion parker posey and nicky katt, alternative rock star skinny puppy and perry farrel, hollywood madam heidi fleiss, christopher " pecker brady " mcknight, amanda bearse, and margaret cho all grace the cover for a matter of seconds, then disappear so that we can regress to the annoying main plot line. why be they here? then that we can all channelize to them and say " hey, depend information technology ' south (filling in the space )! riot! " gimme a break. the motion picture ' s meaning is pretty easy to detect: that, you know, teens equal and so cherished, and the world is such a horrible stead, that when the two entities collide, in that location ' s a giant explosion of horrific violence. other than defined as " teen angst, " oregon the opinion that being a teenager be a horrible thing and that the cosmos is overly bad for you. look, i ' 1000 19 year old. 1 went through a very abbreviated teen angst thing which curiously hold out about every bit long as my taste in enlightenment did. i ' ve since moved on to " i don ' t really eff what to do with my life " phase, but the teen angst phase is something which exist so annoyingly sophomoric and ignorant that any film that thinks they ' re contend with information technology on any kind of grave level is just beating the wrong horse. part of being a teenager is experimenting, and testing the amniotic fluid. it ' s not whining about how awful parents embody, and purposely feeling dispondent. this is what the characters in this film come, and the film wants to read how they ' re these keen people who are being penalize by the world because they ' atomic number 75 teenagers, and how they try to defend themselves but can ' t totally overcome them. it ' s non their error they shoot down people; information technology ' s the world ' s! what they really need is a realness check. the cosmos is a bad shoes, and teenagers can equal easily harm because they are experimenting. but part of it is taking everything that happens to you and study from it. the film thinks that teenagers are basically doomed, and on that point ' s nil they bum do astir information technology. hence the rubric. non only does it have bad fallacy, but information technology can ' t still express this in an intelligent and coherent style. everything ' s overly surreal, and all we buzz off are scenes of graphical fury and in writing sex. how do xavier licking ejaculate off his manus express teen angst? how does a talking decapitated drumhead display that teens are dispondent because the cosmos makes them this path? and why does the picture constantly work back to the teen angst issue of the plastic film? if araki have any kind of competence in writing or direction, he ' d bear witness them for what they truly are. and if helium didn ' t want the satiric approach, helium ' d demonstrate the actual problems with the world. and if you stock still don ' t guess that " the doom multiplication " equal incompetent on every single potential level it could be, accept the acting. rose macgowan is horrible. yes, she proved herself talented in " screaming, " but she ' sulfur so bad in " the doom generation " that if i take not seen her in " screeching, " 1 would have christened her one of the uncollectible actresses working in films today. her entire carrying into action is one - note (bitchy ), and the one vista where she cries over a dead animal is then forced that it ' s ludicrous. equally unsound be jonathan schaech, who wants to be the slacker serial killer: mortal who doesn ' t have any remorse because emotion cause some kind of tenor. his carrying out is bother as hellhole, and granted, he live better in " that thing you suffice! " and then there ' s james duval. let ' s just say helium makes keanu reeve look like brando. he has the like kind of shirker stuttering, only much much much worse, and every line helium says be so regretful that i have at once deemed him " least gifted actor in the worldly concern. " i have seen slew of high risk actors, but james duval possess set out to be the worst. or at least somewhere up there. here ' s another example of a bad scene, if you ' re still not convince: the film open up in a ball club where they ' re playing nine inch nail ' s most banal birdcall, " heresy " (example of the lines: " god is dead / and no one give care / if thither is a hell / ace ' ll see you there " ), and as the song plays, and red strobe lights show the frequenter dancing, the film pans over to amy, just standing there, looking dispondent. the flick closes in on her, she looks right at the camera and allege " fuck. " no explanation of this should cost necessary. and in conclusion, a note to gregg: get up. very. movement out of your parent ' s basement, read something former than salinger, and get a day task. and don ' t quit it. 