an american werewolf in london is john landis ' groundbreaking lineament about an american holidaymaker who become himself bite by a lycanthrope in jolly sure enough england. the groundbreaking constituent of the movie is the special effect. to a greater extent specifically, the makeup use for the transformation of a human into a werewolf; and for the ghost that haunt the main character reference. even twenty years after it release, that component part of the movie is even telling. although, single would have to say that information technology very is the only office of the picture show that could be considered impressive. the balance of the movie is a campaign of the manufacturing plant werewolf flick with some extra gore thrown in for good measure. if information technology weren ' t for the cut edge makeup effects used in the wolfman transformation it is most potential that this is a motion picture show that would have gone largely unnoticed when it was released rearwards in 1980. and with unspoiled intellect - - the acting isn ' t gravid and neither is the writing. easily ok, we don ' t in reality require either of those things to be great in a horror flick. merely single former authoritative element is lacking here too - - it isn ' t scary. with no exception, you know what is go to happen before it happen. you don ' t still need the obligatory scary music to give you a hint. i will move over director john landis credit for this being one of the best seem horror films that i suffer ever seen. merely john the divine, it scarce wasn ' t scary. 1 didn ' t know if this cost stand for to be some sort of amatory drama and the whole werewolf matter was just thrown in to get mass to come to the theater to control it, but it didn ' t piece of work for me. in reality, it was mean as a variety of a spoof on horror pic. simply the mix of the comedic moments with the melodrama was so bad; the intended body fluid personify lost on me. information technology ' s never a good house that you don ' t agnize a movie be supposed to be funny until after the movie is long o'er and you record it in the background material. prognosticate maine crazy, but you shouldn ' t have to do research on a movie to enjoy information technology. i ' m not still going to get into the patch of the movie that much, since the claim passably considerably sums the hale thing up. lycanthrope bites boy (david naughton ). boy ends up in infirmary where he is tended to and finally light for pretty nurse (jenny agutter) and and so strange thing start to chance to boy. including, and i moldiness admit this comprise a very courteous touch, visits from his protagonist who constitute killed in the same werewolf attack that ended up with him in the hospital. the corking matter hither be that his buddy is a rapidly deteriorating corpse. i know it sounds strange, simply information technology really works. the view between david naughton and the all in buddy (griffin dunne) be really the best parts of the movie. as i said, probably the only cause that this film was a hit follow because of the special effects. while they are even so impressive today, they aren ' t impressive plenty, or plentiful plenty to warrant watch this film. and since they are to a greater extent or to a lesser extent the highlight of the film, there be far better choices out at that place if you want a scary movie to curl up up with your smasher to learn. actually, the 1998 sequel, an american werewolf in city of light, be more entertaining since information technology doesn ' t accept itself as earnestly and in reality provides a few more laughs along the way. 