georges polti once wrote a paper call off " the thirty - six dramatic situation, " in which atomic number 2 affirm the fact that all drama could follow defined by no more than 30 - six dissimilar situations. this may personify the forward looking restatement of the scriptural prophecy from ecclesiastes, " at that place ' randomness nothing new under the sunshine. " the mental faculty, the latest moving picture by from dusk till dawn director robert rodriguez, surely try this in typical hollywood fashion. there ' second not a measureable fraction of original material in this unworthy picnic. draw elements from both the tool masters and invasion of the consistency snatcher, screenwriter kevin williamson (of screeching ii credit) give us a horror tale set in middle america (ohio river) one eventful fall. making use of a cast of remarkably pedigree characters, williamson designs an alien encroachment that will non represent do independence twenty four hour period - style but rather " through the back door. " epenthetic aliens take over the staff of a runnel - downward high school and before long have infested most of the student body, get out information technology up to the ensemble of principal characters to win the day. the lack of zest be the movie ' s major stumble block. yet though the literary genre has seen moving picture show that have a lack for timbre such as this, they ' ve been make unnecessary by an energetic approach. this redact more than a shadow of a doubtfulness on williamson ' s power, world health organization enjoyed success with the wes craven - directed scream but couldn ' t pull anything solid in for this expedition operating theater i know what you did last summer. although he designs the faculty with more of a sci - fi bent than his typical slasher picture, it still comes downwardly to the same results: bemuse the stock characters in a steel cage compeer and see world health organization come out active. on that point, the main roles are played by practical unknown. only the recognizeable elijah wood (cryptical encroachment) be at the nominal head; early than that, the screen veterans are saved for the minor function of the alien teachers. maybe williamson has it in idea to champion these up - and - comers to the fame that their shrieking and last summer counterpart achieved; but to do that, they ' d all involve to star in their own weber television show about the horror of puberty a lanthanum " dawson ' s creek. " needless to say the acting is far from top notch, nor does necessity require that it should equal. there live a present moment operating theater ii of genuine repulsion, but unfortunately williamson and rodriguez behave not require the story far enough in the sci - fi focus to make any use of it. in sum, the mental faculty be just one farsighted shot that did not pay off. 