eddie murphy make a tidy sum riding on harlem night. as the moving picture ' s writer, theater director, executive producer, and whiz, murphy bequeath shoulder all of the blame if harlem night fails. but at the same sentence, he ' ll get all of the credit entry if information technology succeeds. should you sacrifice your hard - earned hard cash to support white potato ' s hazardous gamble? well, that depends on whom you trust more than: me or eddie spud. here ' s what murphy thinks: " one think the hearing be bear a ripe time. they gonna get sexy. they gonna get funny. they gonna get dramatic play. they gonna get all of that. unity think it ' s the best flick i ' ve done " (paramount wireless meshwork ). here ' s what ane think: harlem nights is charmless, unoriginal, disappointing, and most without question, the worst film of the histrion ' s career (one haven ' t seen best defense force ). and hypothesis who ' s to charge?! the movie ' s job comprise non murphy ' s charge: harlem nights be a fairly good looking film. no, the undertaking was probably doomed yet before the tv camera rolled. potato ' s awful script is the culprit. army of the pure ' s count the mistakes he makes in his initiative attempt at screenwriting: ( i) murphy shatters the record for the to the highest degree profanity in a motion picture. yes, he even outdoes his own work in naked as a jaybird. practically every line of dialogue in harlem nights contains at least single four letter word. and after fifteen minutes, information technology gets irritating. ( 2) murphy waste the talents of his okay cast. richard pryor, redd foxx, michael alan jay lerner, and della reese confront the impossible task of carving out credible characters from a playscript riddle with stereotype. each of them shines occasionally, but essentially what we have got be beneficial performer stuck in a bad vehicle. ( 3) the moving picture show demeans woman by depicting them solely as sexual objects and as pawns in top executive struggles between men. murphy has allow in consultation that he is weary of women in his individual life, which is really neither here nor there. just when murphy puts his bitter feelings on 3, 000 picture show screens across the land, it ' s another matter wholly. you ' re forced to bury some pretty macabre poppycock. for instance, irish potato punches della reese in the tum. and he shoots jasmine guy in the head. this be a mean - gamy movie, kinfolk! lovely newcomer lela rochon gets off easy in her office as a common cocotte, merely only because she doesn ' deoxythymidine monophosphate have any scenes with murphy. thank god: he power have run her over with a dozer. ( 4) murphy has written for himself possibly his blandest function to date. the loveable eddie spud charisma emerges entirely once or twice during the picture. murphy would rather give his fictitious character a spiffy wardrobe than a natty personality. sometimes it seem as if murphy progress to harlem nighttime just so helium could wear fancy causa and look debonair. ( 5) the secret plan personify a shameless rip - sour of the gyp. if you ' re pass away to piss another sting movie, you ' ve got to do something original. murphy ' s tarradiddle of warring nightclub owners in harlem (circa 1938) fails to add together anything new to the formula. ( 6) to induce laughs, murphy makes fun of stuttering. you know a comedy is labour deep when it resort to ridiculing the handicapped. ( 7) spud ' s idea of dramatic play cost a scene in which his character excuse for the first clip in his spirit. for what? for shooting reese ' s little toe off! needless to say, irish potato shows little, if any, promise or imagination as a screenwriter. in all candor, however, a few ray of cheerfulness do manage to break through the gloomy swarm hem in the movie. danny aiello is fun to watch as a muddy copper on the take. aiello stands out in the large, ensemble cast: helium obviously enjoy the chance to dally such a nasty grapheme (a racist tec with mob ties ). aiello ' s savoury performance fall in harlem nights some much needed spicery. another bright touch is arsenio hall, who has a uproarious, show - stopping cameo as a battle cry - babe gangster; hall virtually steals the spotlight from tater. in fact, hall ' s x minutes on screen are the funny ten minutes in the flick. alas, his character is all irrelevant to the plot; murphy should get feed manse a much bigger role. of row, i ' ve already advert that one didn ' t care for white potato ' s character, but i have to admit that i do love his neckties. they are simply spectacular - - almost deserving the price of access. 