" jack freeze, " is one of those dumb, corny concoctions that attempts to live a heartwarming phratry picture, but is too muddled in information technology own bromide and predictability to exist the least moment touching. this does not come as a surprise, since the studio apartment that relieve oneself it is warner blood brother, who follow on a current run of one spoilt film after the early. diddly squat frost (michael keaton) is a fight middle - aged rock musician who fuck his wife, gabby (kelly preston ), and 11 - year - old son, charlie (joseph cross ), only doesn ' t spend about enough time with them. when helium receives a call from a music label that wants to hear him play, atomic number 2 has to scrub his plan family outing up in the wad for christmas. halfway there, jack has 2nd thoughts, but on his way back home, is in a railcar accident and die. switch forward a year, christmas is approaching once again, and charlie and gabby are still having a unmanageable time coming to terms with diddly squat ' s dying. when charlie begins to play the harmonica his founder gave him the dark before atomic number 2 died, the snowman outdoor the house is occupy over by jack ' s spirit. jackass want to spend some time with his son before the upcoming warm front end melts him, but charlie urgently tries to preclude his melting demise. " frosty the snowman, " be a classic cartoon, and the estimate of a snowman that is awake workings splendidly when liven, only as a live - action film, it doesn ' t work at all. after a somewhat promising prologue in which the robert frost household be established, " jack frost, " quickly go downhill, specially once the snowman do into maneuver. since jack have be deceased for a hale class, you would think there would be many questions to enquire him, such as, " what happens after you die? " oregon, " how does information technology feel to be a snowman? " but instead, the film focuses on a snowball fight subplot and an inevitably oversentimental culmination that could be telegraphed before ane yet sat down to watch the motion picture. the performances exist respectable enough, but no one merit to be penalize by seem in a pathetic moving picture like this. michael buster keaton at least get off easy, since he disappears after the first twenty minutes, just what precisely manage he think he is dress with his career hither? i have invariably like kelly preston. she is understandably a talented, charismatic actress, but has never been given a ripe role in her life, unremarkably take to settle for a one - dimensional supporting character, as in, 1997 ' s, " zilch to lose, " and, " addicted to love. " joseph cross constitute in all likelihood the high spot in the cast, since he credibly portrayed a son suffering the loss of a parent. in one of the only subplots that really works, due to it witticism, joseph henry rollins be highly amusing as a hockey motorbus who becomes terrorize and paranoid after seeing the springy snowman. this brief hint of cleverness be push to the english, however, by the tried - and - true master plot at hand, which is the wacky story of a father and word. since i knew what was kick the bucket to happen by the time the close come around, i throw no choice just to sit there and mind to painfully vapid, cringe - inducing lines of dialogue. some of my favorites was an fundamental interaction between the logos and father: " you da human, " says charlie. " no, i da snowman, " answer jack. or how about this little zinger, coming from a school day bully that miraculously suit friendly towards charlie and tries to help him out: " snowdad is better than no dad. " do people really get pay in hollywood for write pieces of trash comparable this? the snowman, created by john henson ' s brute shop class, is more believable than the snowman from last yr ' s accidentally screaming unmediated - to - video horror flick, also call, " diddley hoar, " but it yet was difficult to tell if it was a person in a suit or computer effects. either way, information technology was an unspeakable lot of body of work to go through, just to come up with a concluding product as featherbrained as this projection. as a seasonal vacation picture, " jack frost, " be jolly much a clunker. a dependable christmas moving picture show from this twelvemonth is, " i ' ll be home for christmas. " better yet, my hypnotism would be to stay home and see a timber film, such as, " it ' s a rattling life, " " a christmas level, " or, " prancer. " " sea dog frost, " is an earnest, but gravely ill conceived picture, and children, as well as adult, deserve full. i dubiety they would desire to see a movie about the dying of a parent, anyway. 