in the past, tim burton possess taken movie theater by violent storm with the action packed batman, and the hilarious erectile dysfunction sir henry wood, but lately his films just wear ' t curve it. sleepy hollow receive some singular characteristic, but the script be a terrible mess. for those who commend walt disney ' s fantastic " adventures of ichabod crane ", it is actually ranking to this. disney ' s version represent at least interesting, while burton ' s flick drags on far too long, without any suspense or frights. while the stories are alike, the new version add likewise much to the once likable history, and throw away in some weak dialog to top information technology off. ichabod crane (johnny depp) is at present apparently a constable, who be ship to new york to investigate suspicious murders. the victim be brainless, and no traces of evidence be get, until the murderer reveals himself, hence the headless horseman. now with the help of christina ricci and an orphaned son, they moldiness stop the headless equestrian from a kill spree, that could destroy the whole town of sleepy hollow. sure the headless horseman is an intriguing fictitious character, merely the story have so many holes that even he nor depp can economise this tragedy. in the original, the headless horse fancier was meant to be unstoppable. no i could stop him, not even ichabod. by the ending of the film, information technology had audiences in cryptic thought. burton however concentrates far too much on the ambience, and how to piddle the main characters heroes. he takes no peril what hence ever, and this is where atomic number 2 fails. another hapless element of the picture show was the script. like iodin said sooner, he just gorge too much in at one time, and make information technology look material sloppy, kind of like the tidy sum the headless horseman made with his victim. he completely slaughter the story to piece. gratefully there are a few factors that i particularly liked. the acting by depp was rather renowned. helium take the nerdy role of the cartoon, and simply acted it come out of the closet in a better manner. if it wasn ' t for his quirky one - liners, i doubt atomic number 53 could have remained awake, because quite frankly ace was go sleepy. just when i thought christina ricci was bring to comprise a good actress, she twine up doing this. it just goes to show no actress beaver state actor dismiss pass up a grownup smash hit. information technology ' s too tempting to let go, even if the playscript is mush. the air too was quite necessitate. i should give birth precisely gazed at the sets, and the eerie daze, rather than actually pay attention to what be going on. at least burton ' s films are eye confect, yet if they are trash. the only material scenes of value be the tree full of heads, and the combat between the horseman, depp and casper vanguard dien. former than that, i wish i could just fast forward through with totally the gaping holes in the film, and exactly sit backward and stare at the scene. by the remnant, i can but think backwards and laughter at how bad sleepy hollow acquire. this be the biggest letdown of the yr, peculiarly when such a talented manager like burton manage a project like this. don ' t godforsaken your time or money, because your head will feel hollow. 