adam sandler vehicle live never anything special, but continue to make a load of money. which really goes to designate the sad state of cinema today. while good comedies comparable mt. rushmore, to choose a late object lesson, gets circumscribed release and doesn ' t make a lot of money, big pappa got a immense release and hold made a lot of cash. it ' s also nothing especial and doesn ' t deserve the money information technology ' s fashioning. but ane digress. sandler plays sonny koufax, a unemployed new yorker with a seemingly humiliated genial historic period. his girlfriend makes a ultimatum to him: either wise upwards and get responsible for, beaver state she ' s leaving him. by a strange lot of result, koufax stop up with julian (play by twins cole and dylan sprouse) a five year old kid. after a failed attempt to impress his lady friend with the child, koufax decides atomic number 2 wants to keep the child. all the same, social prole mr brooks (mostel) find out that koufax isn ' t the real begetter and wants to take julian back. koufax along with his new girl layla (lauren adams) fight to continue the child. big papa really isn ' t that good. many of the jape revolve around toilet humour, and supposedly we are intend to recover julian and sonny peeing against a rampart to be funny. there ' s the episodic good one lining, but these comprise usually oddly delivered unseasonable and lose most of the humour. the film, after all these silly gags, so suddenly reverse sentimental, and this comprise where big dad really goes from bad to hideous. the court scene at the end of the film is useless and unconvincing, and non helped by the soppy overacting. it ' s a pitiful try to win over the consultation. adam sandler basically toy the like role he have in his last few motion picture show (except the wedding vocalist. ) joey lauren adams represent practically, much better, and deserve a far better picture show than this trash. steve buscemi pop up in a funny cameo, and his scenery are pretty suspect. rob schneider is also funny as a screwball delivery gentleman. the two twins who play julian are o. k, they start out rather well, merely then becoming annoying and brattish halfway done and at long last turn ' all american ' wholesome good at the end of the film, where the tear juice is turned upward high. magnanimous daddy equal really nothing exceptional, and is not even deserving information technology for a few chuckles. although it is in reality well couch in concert, with nice counseling, salutary production purpose and even some montages, this professionalism can ' t help the fact that the script and character are trash. big daddy is for die hard buff of sandler, and that ' s about information technology. 