it ' s a sad state of social function when the back box blurb is more exciting than the motion picture arrest within it. such be the case for the 1990 paul mayersberg flick _the last samurai_. though the blurb alludes to " a jungle filled with political intrigue, anxious alliance, and murderous enemies at every turn, " the narrative of the movie is actually quite simple (and prosaic ): a middle - aged japanese businessman named endo (played by john fujioka) and his assistant, both of whom have samurai aspirations, locomotion to africa in search of his antecedent, who went to bring buddhism to africa. he hires the service of blue - at - the - heels vietnam veteran pilot johnny reb congo (the redoubtable lance henriksen) and his girlfriend (arabella holzbog ), and travels to the camp of an arms - merchant - cum - campaign - horde - cum - muslim - missionary (john saxon) and his wife (lisa eilbacher ). they are all kidnapped by an african revolutionary guerilla with beldame - dr. intake to conceal a pre - arranged arms deal, which after descend through. congo relief valve, finds endo ' s antecedent ' s sword, and comes rearwards, guns blaze, to disembarrass the rest of them, and endo kills the revolutionary with the sword. the last. _the final samurai_ is unrivalled of those movies that is neither speculative plenty nor good plenty to be enjoyable. it is simply _there_. the murky plot is filled with subtexts that are ne'er expatiate, subplots that are never explained, and many scenes that make very little sense at all. the film is sprout done with completely the tired former " inscrutable japanese samurai " and zen buddhism stereotypes that are to follow expected from an american picture show. information technology is quite slow - paced, with only if a bit of action nigh the end, and the last affaire d'honneur between endo and the terrorist is quite an anticlimactic. most of the performing embody fair, with the potential exception of congo ' s lady friend. lance henriksen is his usual scene - chewing ego, and be peerless of few possible grounds anyone might conceivably have for seeing this movie. the only other shining spot equal the sweeping african scene. 1 paid $ 3 for this film, from the discount rack at best buy, and midway suspect i overpaid for it. if you be in the mood for samurai, read a clavell novel or take in a kurusawa movie. omission _the final samurai_ unless you exist a die - hard henriksen fan. 