in times of crisis the great unwashed are aim to desperate measures. of course what constitutes a crisis differs from person to person. what english hawthorn live a disastrous situation for one, may be seen as a challenge to another. as deepak chopra follow known to tell, " it ' s not the ride, it ' s the passenger. " unfortunately clear - cerebration is not constantly the reaction to problems. wall street wheeler bargainer steven taylor (michael stephen a. douglas) is a man with troubles. atomic number 2 ' s sunk his money in illegal financial activities and information technology ' s blown upwards in his face. in a matter of days atomic number 2 will mislay it all. his wife emily (gwyneth paltrow) be a highly - pose un interpreter and is not happy with her life story either. her marriage is dusty and unfulfilling. obscure to her, her modern lover david shaw (viggo mortensen) is not alone a painter, but an ex - yardbird with a account of bilking wealthy women of their money. emily is a prime target: she ' s worth over $ one c jillion. steven ' s solution to his plight be to put up david half a trillion to kill his wife. the artist accepts and the movie is underway. drawing from frederick knott ' s play and generally based on hitchcock ' s dial m for murder, this be all - too distinctive of summer acquittance. all style and no substance. and there ' s truly not much style. director andrew davis (the accomplished informant and best - forgotten other films) has make on the nose the ill timed choices at near every twist. stephen arnold douglas and paltrow have both shown us that they are skillful actors in previous film. mortensen showed hope in the past. hither all trinity are walk uninterestingly through their roles with funnily waxen faces. the alone person who shows any sense of life is david suchet as modern house of york tec mohamed karaman. he ' s alone on - silver screen long plenty to make you think that there might be a likable soul in the picture show and then he disappears. the first concern of a suspense film is to produce suspense. surprise are important. in this flick the audience keeps wait for something to happen. and nil ever does. most every event be telegraphed in advance. close - up on this object oregon that military action and information technology ' s easy to infer what ' due south going to happen. as the photographic film plods towards its inevitable conclusion you keep expecting a plot of land twist to have the movie worthwhile. information technology ' s a hopeless quest. the account doesn ' t make much sense. steven ' s wife is load. yet with unfriendly relations, you ' d think that he could have talked to her about his trouble kind of than deciding to pop her. when he does settle on the dire plan helium make an inordinate choice. if you were go bad to hire soul to kill your wife, would your first choice be her lover? no matter how sleazy he is, i would mean in that respect might comprise a chance that atomic number 2 would turn down the opportunity. why would steven contrive the murder as a break - in in their apartment? why non just take her out as she be walking to david ' s loft in a bad neighborhood? while determine among the numerous summer films, you mightiness coif well to decamp this one. you ' ll find out more suspense than this motion picture show offers by watching the weather condition distribution channel. 