the main problem with martin t. e. lawrence ' s pet labor, a thin line between love and hate, like any fateful attractor variation where the protagonist is a isle of man, is that his character is an irresponsible saccade, and if that be the case, it doesn ' t appear to do anything except justify the woman ' s actions. that is especially the font in ernest orlando lawrence ' atomic number 16 darnell wright. he exist one of those butch guys with women run along up a mile long. now assume ' t think 1 condone this just because i ' k male. my philosophy is, if you are one of the few heterosexual male lucky plenty to nonplus your hands on a beautiful, kind girl, you should do by her like a princess and respect her. darnell doesn ' t think like this. he sleeps with these young woman once and dumps them. and by the period in the celluloid he discovered that his newest target, beautiful, wealthy brandi web (played nicely by whitfield) world health organization runs a successful real estate business, is out to kill him for coldcock her for his childdhood friend mia (king ), i found myself think, " i ' m supposed to feel sorry for this guy? " after all, information technology be largely darnell ' s fault. if helium cost lining upward all these women, you ' five hundred think helium ' 500 have decent common sense to think information technology would backfire on him one day, as his mother says it does. but he doesn ' t, so you stimulate the sense that atomic number 2 ' s not only irresponsible, only too pretty speechless. you especially get this sense that he ' s dumb after brandi tells him she killed her hubby for allegedly abusing her. ( i ' d put my knickers on in two seconds after that! ) now, brandi is a psycho bitch, simply it ' s hard not to agree with what she says to darnell during the finale astir guy wire comparable him treating her like garbage. one final flaw, though, exist get brandi fall for darnell to lead off with. brandi is a classy, intelligent woman with an master in business administration from harvard, world health organization initally resists darnell ' s " immature maneuver " as she call information technology, as any woman like her would in literal life story. but all of a sudden she says yes. but when you listen to darnell ' s four letter word lexicon watch his activity, you wonder why such an healthy woman would fall for a guy like darnell period, much less have such an insalubrious obsession for him! ernest orlando lawrence can be good when atomic number 2 wants to, but in ordering to prove it, atomic number 2 call for to let other people write and direct his motion picture show. look at this movie. four writers, as a result it ' s too long (two hours, when it could ' ve easily worked at ninety minutes!) and information technology has a lot of subplots and characters that appear and disappear as quickly as they came (which makes me call up the writers didn ' t contract on ), all of which isn ' t necessary. there be some bright berth, though. whitfield, regina king, della reese, and bobby dark brown all do what they can with lazily written parts, and they help it prohibited a lot. and there are some funny parts (like, for example, the scene where reese endeavor to fight down whitfeld for harrassing her boy and damaging her property ), but they ' re just not enough to suffer the moving picture. 