oklahoma, i admit it - - i find out camp entertainment with the spiciness girls. yes, the like spice girls of the gimmicky item by item " indistinguishability, " they of the annoyingly infectious bubblegum pop hook and cheesy unifying mantra of " girl king. " but not even their guilty pleasure appealingness isn ' t enough to carry their big screen debut, a junkie good deal which would be more aptly named shite world than spice worldly concern. the film begins amusingly enough, with a cheeky 007 - esque title sequence in which the british phoebe - - " scary " (melanie brown ), " baby " (emma bunton ), " sporty " (melanie chisolm ), " ginger " (geri halliwell ), and " posh " (victoria adams) - - are introduced one by one (to, a good deal to my surprise, excited and only slightly mock sunshine from the press audience) as they croon the silky ballad " too much " (a tune that would sound powerful at home in an actual james bond film ). a few minutes and an elton john cameo later comes an introductory tour of the numerous plotlines that run through the film: (single) the spicy ones live on a european publicity tour lead up to their first live concert at london ' s royal albert hall; (2) a film producer (george wendt) and a screenwriter (mark mckinney) pitch various film ideas to the girls ' manager, clifford (richard e. grant ); (3) a documentary film crew follows the girls; (4) a pregnant " mate " (naoki mori) of the group rapidly approaches her due date; and (5) a tabloid publisher (barry humphries) try to put down the group with the help of a sneaky shutterbug (richard o ' brien ). cap turned by a live interpretation of the girls ' bouncy tally " read you ' ll be there, " a wealthiness of jape and merriment is sure to follow, justly? ill timed. information technology ' s all downhill from at that place as spice world collapses into a series of misfired funniness sketches. i moldiness give the girls credit entry for their refreshing willingness to make fun of themselves, simply writer kim r. buckminster fuller and director bob spiers can buoy barely come up with a funny joke between them, very much less a organized fabric for all the " wacky " goings - on. spicery earth jumps from vignette to vignette, subplot to subplot with no direction and little sensation, at one minute having the girls meet with extraterrestrial (no joke) and at another having them stage a daring rescue of two young fans who decrease into the water during a boat ride. while a decent laugh slips through the cracks here and there - - during a " saltation bootcamp " scenery, the girls blab the lyric " we recognise how we got this far / strength and courage and a wonderbra " - - much of the material is non yet funny on the chuckle level. some jest are only plain pointless, such as roger moore ' s go back role as the inscrutable chief, who distribute mystifying, metaphor - heavy advice to clifford. the lone reason wherefore i can think anyone would discover that funny is the fact that thomas moore once played james bond. hour angle ha. every bit decrepit as the script is, 1 remember in that respect ' s one insurmountable job with even attempting to take in a spice girls movie, and that is the girls themselves. the point is not that they can ' t act (and, for the record, they really _can ' t_) but that their individual personas, which works as a gimmick concluded the span of a iv - minute music video, are also thin to outlive outside of the truncated, video bite mtv world. posh (who gather the most enthusiastic cheer during the unveiling) comes off best by nonremittal because her character (rich bitch) most easily understand into character in a film. baby ' s image (young inexperienced person ), to a lesser extent, besides works, simply the remaining girls ' identities are a small harder to flesh stunned. there really isn ' t much to do with sporty besides having her exercise every so often (which make up _exactly_ what melville weston fuller and spiers come ), and, after all, what exactly mean being " ginger " or " scary "? manifestly, just their wardrobes. spice world manage to pick up some steam in the late going following a flashback performance of the spice ' key signature arrive at, " hopeful. " the song is equally diffraction grating as ever, but the energy of the number present the proceedings a a lot - needed shot in the arm, setting the stage for a wave of self - referential humor stemmed from the screenwriters ' celluloid ideas (the film almost mirror robert altman ' s the player in the way the film snails into itself ). this section of the film, regard all manner of derring - brawl regard a hurrying bus, is perchance it most effective, but it too points up how all the other storylines (the publisher, the objective crew) lack a satisfactory wages. spice world is harmless entertainment suitable for the total home, and it will please the spicery faithful. but this sloppy enterprise certainly won ' t gain them any new buff, which is what the group painfully needs to bolster its speedily decline fille power in the states. in one case the hype disappears, spice earth will likely serve as the the spice ' terminal hurrah in united states. 