in " armed islamic group ", angelina jolie take on the titular character, the first thusly - call supermodel. and right at that place you make the biggest hurdle this movie had to whelm (in my eyes, anyway ). i just now father ' triiodothyronine see how the life of a good example is worthy of a two hour film. despite this, i kept an undetermined mind when i get down look on the moving picture show. sadly, though, my fears were realise. it ' s just not potential to make an interesting, full - length film about a someone who spends their day wearing dissimilar dress. the movie follows the rise and fall of armed islamic group (no lowest epithet ), a tumultuous char world health organization doesn ' t particularly enjoy the world of fashion. she becomes far famed more quick than she can do by, and finds herself solicit on drugs and on a woman she cannot have. the last hour of the film is barely one scene after another of armed islamic group getting eminent, losing a occupation, and conk out into rehab. this recipe is repeat various times, and i really find tired of it. in worldwide, i be given to dislike movies featuring heavy drug use. no because it offends me or anything like that; information technology precisely bores me. quite an honestly, i get into ' t see the appeal, so when a director shows me a point - of - view dead reckoning of a junkie, consummate with tipsy photographic camera angle and echoing voices, i am left somewhat unimpressed. the first 60 minutes of the motion picture show, though, was really quite an engaging. we learn gia as she is discovered and movement to new york with her boyfriend. these other scenes were interesting. we ' re exhibit the fashion world through a newcomer eye, and information technology be a perspective i hadn ' t go through before. the movie begins to go downhill, however, formerly gia becomes an establish poser. > from that point, i lose all pursuit in the movie and was counting the minutes before information technology would cease. information technology all seemed so excessive. fine, indeed gia feature a drug problem, does this really need to overtop the pic? couldn ' t the same upshot get equal sustain with a five or ten minute montage of scenes featuring gia experimenting with drugs? or perhaps this film is meant to be a monition to aspiring models non to make into the drug humankind. quite mayhap, although since i have no desire to become a modeling, this admonition is mislay on me. as i stated at the outset of this follow up, single merely don ' t see how the biography of a modelling is worthy of a feature - length motion picture. what do they do that stock warrant a movie? cock their poppycock for thousands of dollars an hour? i suppose the same could be say about making flick about baseball players, for example, but at least mortal same lou gehrig lead an interesting life. armed islamic group did not. and by the end of the motion picture show, all i knew astir armed islamic group for sure was that she hated modelling, was bi - sexual, and be heavily into drugs. non exactly a meaningful share to society, every bit far as i ' m concerned. 