billy crystal reappears in yet another eminent concept drollery. helium tries to inculcate some life into information technology, but information technology mystify bogged down with sentimentality and a lack of sophistication. sammy (billy crystal) be a fight agent at the end of his ropes. atomic number 2 ' s separated from his married woman, serena (kathleen quinlan ), and downwards to his last serious client. .. in a grim - budget cinema shooting in roumania. only in a turn of bad luck, sammy shipwreck his car. .. exclusively to represent mysteriously saved by a elephantine (gheorghe muresan ). but this giant have a heart of amber. he leads a only life, aid out the monks at a local monastery. his only longing is for his longsighted lost love, lilianna (joanna pacula ), who has since affect to america. sammy, visualize a golden ticket, convinces max to become an role player (represented by sammy, of course ), and fall rearward to america. and so sam and max bounce from pathetic job to pathetic caper, with sammy dangling a coming together with lilianna as a carrot before max ' s olfactory organ. just slowly sammy ' s misrepresentation begin to haunt him. just will atomic number 2 develop a scruples before the innocent max becomes disillusioned. the humour in my jumbo isn ' t the world ' s great. for the most part, it flow under the category of " boy. .. he ' second thus big! ", and that can just break and so far, no matter how hard the gift tries. still, it slightly funny parts are long for when the movie drive bogged down in sappy moments. the film ' s best moment (and that ' s non tell much) is a bit part by steven seagal, playing himself. between executive decision and this, all of seagal ' s best part have been cameo. maybe atomic number 2 should consider a change of work: steven seagal, the part actor! gheorghe muresan isn ' thyroxin a rude role player at all, and his thick cotton fiber - mouthed speech pattern certainly doesn ' t avail. in fact the only thing he bestow to the role is his huge stature. in the beginning, the conception was designed several years ago for andre the giant. andre as well give a healthy accent, but he displayed a hang for clowning in the princess st. bridget. .. something muresan should experience studied for some pointers. why does billy crystal continually aim caught in these pathetic comedies? he ' s proven that helium can represent much funnier than these formulaic films allow him to be, and withal, like a gulo gulo for penalisation, helium keeps coming back. that doesn ' t mean value we have to. 