" nothing more than a high budget onanism fancy " chorus girl (nc - 17) - contains pictorial nakedness, profanity, intimate post and violence. some hoi polloi, yet, prevent their clothes on. you do not watch porn films for their noetic value, nor do you write review on them. that ' s why this critical review will live short. information technology seems that this motion picture will end up in the porn section when information technology make the video entrepot. in that location be no narrative, script, point or acting. only nude bodies, which be exactly the full point. hither is the so called plot: nomi, the 23 - year - old with a dark past as a hooker, has hitch from somewhere back east to do in a show where a professional dancer doesn ' t get into much more than a light coating of powder and a big, fake smile. no unity is twisting nomi ' s arm. no one be holding her gran hostage. she wants to do this. and that make up what she is do till the end credits. indeed what ' s the problem and then? what ' s the point? what ' s the film about? is there anyone whose aspirations could cheer less understanding? this film can be described in one sentence: obscene tier of incompetence, undue foolishness in the taradiddle line, gross neglectfulness of the looker ' s tidings, a prurient interest in the flying buck. believe pine tree state, after an hour with these reference, acting and hand, you ' ll start hoping for mortal to kill somebody. elizabeth berkley make a nonsensical try as the heroine of this movie, that be bad still for eszterhas ' script. her character is the only single that be at least half write and she could really have done well. her lineament deny the fact that she is a whore for the industry, selling her dead body to the hungry eyes of the steamy populace. " i be non a whore! one be a dancer ", she yell, but do it in such an over dramatized way that you ' ll start laughing. in fact the playing in " chorus girl " brings awful to a newfangled and previously unknown level. non matchless single achievement, besides the conventional cinematography, live deserving mentioning. information technology is a full waste of sentence and money. there is non a single second of what you might call intelligence. the duologue is structure of ancient stereotypes and cliches line up one after another. information technology attempt to even imagine to give birth half a brain effect in a catastrophe. " in my films, " save director paul the apostle verhoeven (' canonical instinct ', ' entire callback ' ), " i control the mirror up to life time. " well, excuse maine? his attempt to go behind the fit of atomic number 57 vegas, and as he put it " testify the bare verity ", be simplify and unreal. now and again, between his collection of mistakes and logical unreason, screenwriter joe eszterhas (the creator of some of the worst screenplays in hollywood chronicle) enter some demarcation of deep morality, that vocalise something like this: " hey, i see you. i interpret that you ' re hiding " - " from what? " - " from you ". yes, and yet the only decent wrinkle in this film: " nomi is what las lope de vega is all about " arse ' t save ' showgirl ' from go away nether. information technology ' s a unusual phenomena. information technology ' s not erotic, because information technology miss sensuality. not dramatic, because it lacks the performing. and not intelligent because it lack a story. information technology be simply verhoven ' s bad excuse for making pornography. you want to see au naturel women? bare breasts? full facade? information technology ' s aught wrong with that. but in that slip i intimate that you rent a porn film in your local tv memory board, and not waste time live on through eszterhas ' pathetic negotiation. b complex vitamin lineament, while information technology ' s only when a high budget porn - film. 