i can ' t recall a previous film experience where the passably beneficial time i was take turned as saturnine as rapidly as it did during intuitive feeling minnesota. for forty mo or thus, iodine was lured into a loopy if occasionally over - shaped romanticistic comedy, and atomic number 53 was still giving keanu reeves the welfare of the doubt. so, rather suddenly, ace represent club ended the head with a foul morsel of violence; shortly thereafter, i was whacked in the gut by another. feeling gopher state is a film that made me feel violated, as though one had trusted writer - director steven baigelman to bring me a coolheaded glassful of water and instead he discombobulate acid in my face. feeling mn tells the story of a topless dancer diagnose freddie (cameron dias) who finds herself in deep trouble when her boss red (delroy lindo) suspects her of stealing from him. flushed ' s punishment is to thrust freddie to marry his bookkeeper, sam clayton (vincent d ' onofrio ), who is far from the man of freddie ' s ambition. enter jjaks (keanu reeves ), sam ' s alien new sidekick, who arrives at the marriage ceremony exactly in time to catch freddie ' s eye and have sex with her in the bathroom. united in their mutual attraction and their mutual odium of surface to air missile, jjaks and freddie take off together, just sam isn ' t quick to let them pass away without a fight. freddie, in the meantime, isn ' t ready to rent sam ' s money go without a conflict, and thus start out a serial publication of violent confrontation. there is both style and substance to the start of feeling north star state, as baigelman opens with an efficacious montage showing jjaks and sam ' s intense sibling contention as boys, and their mother (tuesday weld) charge jjaks away to live with his father. it do a swell line of work of setting up jjaks ' unstable life, a life which experience landed him in trouble for secondary crimes and always trying to please his family; reeves ' wounded look is exactly good for jjaks. the wedding ceremony succession includes a phone number of overnice moment, most notably the aforementioned bathroom scene in which a simple question is pay a very odd spin. nearly important, baigelman begins to establish the connection between freddie and jjaks with wit and economy, as in a scene where they both spontaneously start singe along to the replacements ' " i will dare " on the car radio. you would have every reason to carry that relationships - - both inherited and romantic - - would be the focal point of feel mn. unfortunately, you would be dead incorrect. i hypothesise atomic number 53 should feature expected daisies and valentine after an early vista in which red threatens freddie as she tries to avoid the wedding, but i certainly didn ' t expect what one got. what atomic number 53 got was yet another in a long line of late films trying to devolve on the tarantino wave by amalgamate gags and brutality, surgery preferably creating gags astir brutality. suddenly, the story of wild eyed web and home conflict become a storey astir a cadaver, and everything which had come before degenerates thence completely that virtually nothing be recognizable. the sibling competition non only become little more than an excuse for one circle of beatings after another, but there is no consistency to the picture. vincent 500 ' onofrio turns in a frenzied performance as sam, whose jealousy, fight and apparent sense of inferiority seem far more in keeping with what we know about jjaks, while rand turns into a framed hero too reminiscent of chain response, and both of them spend most of the second half of the film screaming and covered in blood. there are films which have managed to employ a radical shift in tone successfully (jonathan demme ' s something untamed and neil jordan river ' s the crying game make out to mind ), but they didn ' t try to draw an hearing with the hope of relatively innocuous amusement. i father ' t want to dismiss baigelman ' s successes out of helping hand - - he gets a sport performance out of dan aykroyd as a asymmetrical cop, and some well - crafted comic moments - - and it is non his fault that fine line have chosen to promote feeling north star state as a light - hearted caper. it _is_ his flaw that helium transgress his own theatrical role for the sake of shock value, and that he can ' t make his two halves into a whole. feeling minnesota left me palpate use, and in that location ' s not much funny story about that. 