" the beach " is a structurally confusing moving picture that i can only describe have having multiple personality upset. every forty mo of this two - time of day film start with a new motif, almost discarding what has been pose up in the preceding bit. it starts away purposefully as a moving picture about an innocent human being try new thrills in a dangerous environment. but so in the second act, the modality of the cinema abruptly changes and it suit a report about a love triangle on an idyllic island shangri la that evokes visions of " blue lagune ". xl minutes later, the mood changes once more, and it becomes a dumbed gloomy interlingual rendition of " lord of the flies " where an marooned community is come across, where their moral code touts maintaining a sense of bliss at all price. by the time it ' atomic number 16 over, you can only scratch your head and question what this film was really stand for to be virtually. the main character of " the beach " is angst - ridden richard (leonardo dicaprio ). he travel to the netherworld of capital of thailand where back alley merchandiser push their ware upon unsuspecting tourists and scantily clad women brazenly ask if you ' re looking for a good clip. richard ' s voice - over tells the audience that atomic number 2 has come to this blank space because atomic number 2 be bored with his life and feels that one way of life to reinvigorate himself is to let start of the familiar and to enter into a earth of the unknown. this seedy environment is just what richard equal looking for. he break into a fleabag hotel where he conform to the deranged daffy (robert carlisle ). he seem like a raving lunatic, obviously high from gruelling drug use and seem as if helium is afflict with some sort of psychosis. though his jagged behavior would distress most of us, richard heed to him as helium speaks of a mysterious island that contain the near double dyed beach that anyone has ever seen. furthermore, the island itself flourish with enough hemp plant that fanny make a small city high for sprightliness. trance by the theme, he ask two early hotel guests to join him on his journey. they represent worldly etienne and the alluring francoise, world health organization have also follow to thailand for reasons standardized to richard ' atomic number 16. once they eventually get at this paradise, however, the humor of the write up shifts to richard ' s growing desire for francoise. this special plot point is weak at best because in that location be absolutely no question in my mind that francoise will wind up with richard. etienne is about as exciting as fluffy, white sand. it ' s leftover that etienne never sees this come, but promised land hold a way of hiding potential threats exactly out of view. and formerly the terzetto stumble across the hidden community (mood shift imminent ), more case transpire that depict its secret danger. for example, there are marijuana arena close by patrolled by armed guards. and the lagoon in which they float invite the occasional shark. there be respective ideas that comprise introduce in " the beach " and each one could deserve its own feature - length film. in that respect ' s the man fivesome. nature angle, the love triangle slant, and the utopia - gone - awry angle. but the cinema meanders so tremendously that it entire purpose becomes blur. dicaprio, as a answer, have an nearly impossible clock time of strain to personify the different states of mind that he and the film work through. therefore, the audience have an equally difficult sentence trying to observe up. 