one of the 90s ' to the highest degree unwished thriller style return from the grave: information technology ' s the " ___ from hell " movie! starting in the early nineties, we personify submit to closely every conceivable combining of relationships - from - inferno! there were boyfriends from infernal region, friendly neighborhood cops from hell, nannies from snake pit, and still secretary from hell. merely hush has rule an old standby that somehow cost draw a blank in the haste: the mother - in - law from underworld! !! !! the mother - in - law in question be martha, played by jessica lange. she has been single - handedly running the menage sawbuck farm, kilronan. her word, jackson (johnathon schaech) and his girlfriend, helen (gwyneth paltrow ), live in modern house of york, and have no purpose to propel back downwardly south to the rural kilronan. but those intention are astir to change. you interpret, martha lives by handling. she has used information technology in years past to breed many championship horses. now, she believes she tush utilize it to engender herself a grandson. though at first, helen finds martha enamor, soon she is catch in the domineering martha ' s web of deception. information technology ' s hard to read why nobody ever wises up to martha ' schemes. as write, most of the characters in the film must be very slow witted. but then, the film even treats the consultation comparable moron. information technology tries to get away with things (comparable leaving a vital part of evidence in a rather unlikely place) without even flutter an eye. then over again an audience which accepts characters as shallow as these international relations and security network ' triiodothyronine unmatched that ' s likely to question detail. jessica lange ' s martha is the only semi - highly developed character in the moving picture show, and she applies her gift to deliver information technology as lots as she can. a character that could have been merely awful is merely groan - worthy. gwyneth paltrow doesn ' t have much to build upon, as helen ' s only character trait seems to cost " girl - in - law ". still, she fares better than johnathon schaech, whose character personify then nonexistent, atomic number 2 ' s inexplicably missing for much of the motion picture. still, there have be much unfit " ____ from hell " motion picture show. even with it paper - thin character and ludicrous setup, hush manages to create a few thrills in a color - by - numbers way. you know what ' s coming, but now and again the flick will deliver a shock beaver state two. the old formulas are around for a reason, but that doesn ' t mean they sample fresh. 