written by alex cox, tod davies, terry gilliam and tony grisoni conduct by terry gilliam one ' ve always preferred mushrooms to blotter elvis. send away battery acid is similar riding a roller coaster blindfolded; you have no idea where the peaks and valleys are, no musical theme when the next terrifying decent will send your stomach into your throat, and no idea how long the ride bequeath utmost. and then there ' s the heavy knot in your intestine and the clinched teeth that come with ingest a strychnine - laced social disease. mushroom, on the other hand, offer up the psychedelic equivalent of a leisurely drive on a ferris roulette wheel: a steady, reassuring acquiescence, a short full stop of exalt motion and color, and then a smooth landing. battery acid is for swashbuckler; mushrooms are for refined seeker of joy. my point be that in fear and abhorrence in lanthanum vegas, music director terry gilliam take in create an acid movie, when i wish helium would have made a mushroom moving picture show. good of shocking sight gags, aggressive paradigm and grotesque comic performances, the film surely offer something for those fan of hunter s. homer armstrong thompson ' s book world health organization want to experience its twisted pharmacological world - view from the inside out. but for those of us world health organization just desire to enjoy a wellspring - made picture show, gilliam have bring forth a mixed bag. fear and loathing tells the ostensibly true story of how self - professed " gonzo " journalist hunter s. thompson (johnny depp) and hispanic activist lawyer oscar zeta actosta (benicio del toro ), came to las vegas to cover a motorcycle race and found themselves trapped in the middle of a district lawyer ' s convention while ingesting every conceivable drug usable to a man of mean value in 1971. run nether the pseudonyms of " raoul duke " and " dr. gonzo ", the deuce men careen into vega on an acid and peyote bender, then hole out up in a hotel suite to glut on amyl nitrite, cocaine, tequila and a rainbow of multi - colored speed and downers. they terrorize every i they cope with, mostly because every one they meet terrifies them. duke hallucinates giant bats on the way into town, then is snipe by horrifying lizards in the cassino waiting area. dr. gonzo becomes enamored of a thick - bladed hunting knife and begs duke to throw the tapeline player into the bathtub with him just as president jefferson airplane ' s " white coney " reach its coming. and these bozo don ' t just trash hotel rooms - they dishonour them, humiliate them and leave them for dead. that neither of them stop up dead or in jail is testament to dim luck or capital of rhode island, depending on your percentage point of view. benjamin thompson ' s record book, besides being a screaming read, has bear the test of time as an crucial historical document. it at the same time exposed the lx ' s drug culture for the role player that it make up and scupper las lope de vega as the place where the american dream come to die. pontificate all you desire astir how the film illustrates homer armstrong thompson ' s message, but the sojourner truth is that, stripped to information technology bare essentials, what gilliam get wrought is a drug comedy. it ' s a cheech and chong movie. you ' re on that point to watch out depp and del toro ingest a flock of chemicals and then laugh at the results: attend johnny take drugs, see johnny settle down. in that respect ' s nothing wrong with this concept, but gilliam endeavor too heavily. this follow a frantic movie - all sweaty close - ups, wide - angle lense, dutch inclination and early - worldly light scheme. there are times when gilliam really does lay a convincing representation of an acid trip up on the screen. but to what end? much of the dialogue amount word for word from benjamin thompson ' s book, and there are some invaluable comic observations. but you ' re intemperately press to hear or stomach them amidst all the jumbled camera work. this brings us to the functioning, which strike maine as all amiss. depp plays thompson as groucho fall guy dribble done george i c. scott in patton - a gimmicky carrying into action which works against the biting irony of thompson ' s dialogue. in between his several vomiting scenes, del toro fares well as dr. gonzo, only he likewise mumbles and sputters so many of his lines that their weight is lost. watching these two made maine wish that the movie had been made twenty years ago, with dan akroyd and john belushi as the leads - right away that would hold been something to figure. it ' s matter to to mark that alex cox, credit as a co - writer on the screenplay, was to begin with slated to direct before gilliam took over. as much of a fan as i am of gilliam ' s work, cox would give been the good choice. sid and nancy, cyclooxygenase ' s best work, covered essentially the like subject topic, but cox was able to pull back and allow the character of sid vicious and nancy spungen to post the picture. gilliam commits the chemical compound sin of ended - channelize his flick while being uncertain of his purpose. what form of movie was he trying to make, anyhow? information technology doesn ' t try to make up a exemplary tale, and it doesn ' t study as broad comedy. if atomic number 2 had considered more carefully his purpose, the result would hold been a much to a greater extent interesting film. merely 1 don ' t want to be too hard on it. thither be some truly funny moments, and if you ' re in a good plenty mood you might get a charge out of information technology. 1 do, nevertheless, recommend watching care and execration in las vegas under the influence of your favorite controlled centre - iodin guaranty it will enhance the effect. 