have you e'er been in an automobile accident where you ' ve miraculously walked away with only when a few simoleons, yet the car hold been obscure into an unrecognisable, mangle wreck? well, that has never actually happened to maine and i hope that none of united states of america will e'er experience this situation. but after watching this inane utilisation of a film, i certainly feel that i ' ve miraculously walk away unharmed after a two - hour drive that unmercifully careens rearward and forth before finally plummeting into an icy pond. oddly, ` eye of the beholder, ' which is a psychological - romance - thriller, starts off promisingly plenty when the opening episode introduces u to a british intelligence agent, called the eye (ewan mcgregor ), work in evergreen state d.c.. in the humorous opening scene, he eyes a top attorney across the street in his office with his pants john l. h. down. using an array of mellow - tech surveillance and communication equipment, atomic number 2 proceeds to beam pictures of the bared lawyer to pc screens and fax motorcar in his business office. the legal philosophy firm ' s employee get a full chuckle. the audience fetch a skillful chuckle. the eye be later on give an assignment where he encounters a beautiful char (ashley judd ). in that location is something compelling about this mysterious charwoman. despite her glamorous looks, however, we ascertain that she be a psychopath with a proclivity to obliterate men that get too close to her. after the murders, she sobs while singing the yuletide tune ` little fairy bluebird ' and lament about constitute abandoned by her father long ago. after each killing, she put on a different wigging, assumes a new figure, and then make her way to another dos. the eye has witness all her murderous transgression. merely he does non alert the authorities. he somehow empathizes with her sense of release. the optic, information technology turns out, also is ghost by his yesteryear. his girl constitute take away from him and atomic number 2 anguishes this loss every clarence day of his life. his hagridden psyche make a ghost - alike image of his daughter with which he engages in conversation. she get a sort of spectral advisor, and one thing that the ghostly girl says be that he must help the cleaning lady. he instantly divert his energies into trying to help her find some kind of redemption. information technology doesn ' t matter that he has witnessed all of her murder. and information technology doesn ' t topic that the center is abnormally reticent, hiding his entire biography behind computer screens. he follow her to a dozen different locales and shade off her every motion to keep her prohibited of trouble. when a craze druggie (jason priestley) attacks her, he shows upwards for some quick butt kicking. when the law are closing in to apprehend her, atomic number 2 provides a beguilement so that she can scarper. all the piece, the woman has no mind world health organization her guardian angel is and the eye stays but out of sight. peculiar. how spoiled is this movie? i refer you to my ` review quote informant ' litmus mental test. precisely take a face at the full - pageboy ad in the newsprint and see where they embody pulling quotes. for this pic, they are from magazines phone ` flaunt ' and ` mirabella. ' no doubt, they be impressed with judd ' s serial of catwalks and disguise changes. the major trouble with ` oculus of the beholder ' be that the movie jerk forward, constantly unsure of its ultimate destination. if it constitute a thriller, in that respect was little to keep us entranced. if information technology be a love story, at that place was absolutely no emotional pull. completely disjointed in structure, it ' s only saving grace was its fashionable feel which reminded me of my favorite car commercial (the one where the ` 6 ' on the tach dissolve into a winding road and a passenger rails car dissolves into a small illumination on a tyke ' s train set ). single am also still hopeful that ashley judd will find a serious part to showcase her possible talents. beyond that, the motion picture show is hopelessly out - of - control and is in need of seriously better traction and handling. 