chill factor be a carbon written matter of speed with i noteworthy exclusion: rather of a speeding bus, we forthwith have an ice ointment truck. the motortruck is driven by arlo (cuba gooding jr.) and george mason (skeet ulrich ), world health organization get been learn by a dying scientist to transport a deadly chemical weapon to a military base by the name of fortress mcgruder. this particular weapon (nicknamed ` elvis ') must be kept below a temperature of l point, or else the shockwave will goo - iffy everything in a mile r. that would be pretty tight. the power of elvis be revealed in the opening scene, as dr. richard long (david paymer) conducts a trial on an set apart tropical island. long accidentally unfreeze xviii soldiers and defoliate well nigh the entire island, due to an enormously miscalculated safe distance. the overlooking officeholder, cosmopolitan brynner (peter firth ), is condemn to ten age in prison for the murder of his troops. upon his release, the general is intent on tracking the proficient doctor down, snatch lucy in the sky with diamonds, and betray the artillery to the highest international bidder. protect the fate of the world is a drifting beefburger flipper (ulrich) and a feisty ice cream delivery man (gooding jr. ), who moldiness dodge brynner ' s men and get elvis to guard at fort mcgruder. all the patch, of course, they must keep the weapon below 50 academic degree. this proves to be guileful. among the wild adventure arlo and mason partake in embody a trip pile a tree - traverse versant in a boat, and a fist fight on top of a move vehicle. they also crack a few 12 witty retorts that we are suppose to find amusing. to put information technology simply, i ' ll use a clever pun: chill broker should be assign on frosting. director hugh andrew johnson has assorted element from speeding, broken arrow and the lethal weapon series to make a deadly bland cocktail of a chase pic. when there is some episodic action, the audience seems strangely detach from information technology. perhaps that ' s because we ' ve already wad through with a pool of clich? s and wearisome dialogue; all material that ' s be used before, and with a lot more than spice. take the villain, for illustration. they are typical stereotype of every terrorist that has of all time walked the silver crt screen. they address line that ingest been recycled profusely from one picture show to the next, divulge important plot detail while holding their enemies at gunpoint, and act in really predictable ways. the tag - squad of gooding jr. and ulrich sounds much more exciting than information technology is. honestly, i ' m not sure atomic number 53 can bear cuba as an methedrine cream man. i theorise it ' s better than him dressed like a jumbo hot pawl, sell giant frankfurter on a street corner. gooding displays one single emotion in this movie, which is frequently on display in lines comparable ` i ' thou gonna incur on yo butt similar last year ' s underwear! ' and the incessant sputtering of ` oh, sh * tonne! ' this constitute virtually the same character he played in krauthead maguire and every bit honest as it gets. but where gooding was once an exciting histrion, he at once seem dull and unendingly monotonous. at least he ' s a bit to a greater extent captivating than ulrich, world health organization has totally the film ' s worst dialogue, but make nada noticeable to liven his character. the digest plaster bandage, which includes every personality you expect to pop up, is besides waste. to be average, there be a few abbreviated moments of serviceable action. and unity practice chuckle a few times. one example be when ulrich (an employee at ` darlene ' s diner ') is at the counter when brynner walks through the threshold. ` you have this place? ' the general asks. ` yeah, ' ulrich say. ` they name pine tree state darlene. ' these piffling tidbits of body fluid are (mainly) welcome in this unaccented, dissatisfactory wreckage of an action film. as a speed clone, information technology could have gain from a lot more than suspense and perhaps (god forbid) even some decorous writing. sadly, i walk away from chill factor only wondering how much fun it could bear been. 