one of the indicator of severeness in film is the ballyhoo being remembered more than than picture show itself. such was the case with boxing helena, 1993 directorial debut of jennifer sleeping accommodation lynch, daughter of the enceinte david lynch. do in the choke age of post - twin blossom lynch madden among movie snot, information technology was hype as another, " warped, twisted masterpiece " of lynch clan. kim basinger as well provided additional publicity by quitting the lead character and be sued for the breech of contract bridge. just, the result was extremely unsatisfying film, which chop chop sank into well - deserved obliviousness. the movie friend represent nick cavanaugh (played by julian sand ), talented surgeon world health organization is getting haunt by helena (sherilyn fenn ), beautiful woman world health organization ditch him after brief affair. cavanaugh stalks her and uses every chance for the pitiful attempts to re - found the kinship. during one of such occasion, capital of montana be hit by a car, and nick quickly accept the role of her personal physician in ordering to have his direction with her. after she wakes up, helena discovers not only that she is prisoner in cavanaugh ' s stylish abode, but besides that cavanaugh amputate her legs in order to forestall her from escape. she be still hear to bunk, so cavanaugh look at off her arms. apart from casting sherilyn fenn (audrey horne in twin peaks and small cameo in barbaric at heart) and the enjoyment of twisted character and their perverse fantasies, this film by ms. lynch hasn ' t got anything in rough cut with the works of director ' s more talented forefather. despite kind of eccentric subject, the style of this film personify schematic and setting is light, characters represent beautiful - but the result at the end be quite sterile and the film in the end looks too artificial for dark sexual fantasy information technology was opine to portray. jennifer lynch manifestly lacks talents in manoeuvre and information technology becomes painfully obvious in the scene that are supposed to erotic - its well worn artificiality is even bellow the standard of playboy videos. the worker aren ' t good either. julian sands is awfully miscast as emotionally disturbed humanity - this actors is best either when he plays magnetic protagonists or villain; being neurotic doesn ' mt suit him. bill paxton was better for this purpose, merely his presence was consume in forgettable and unnecessary subplot cover with helena ' s beau. sherilyn fenn contributed to this film mostly by her looks, just even the her greater effort in do couldn ' t help this film. the screenplay, on the early hand, is awful, at least for mortal who had make best - seller with laura palmer ' s diary - the events in this film represent implausible, characters amount and go without purpose and many unnecessary subplots only slow down the film and add to the full confusion. one and only of those subplots involves persona of cavanaugh ' s " regular " girl, play by betsy clarke. the eddy at the end, although unpredictable, be unbelievable and the watcher, who had the stomach to persist intact picture show, would feel cheat. all in all, boxing helena be disorganised quasi - artistic mess of a movie that should equal remembered as nothing more than one of the wiser decision in kim basinger ' s life history. 