really, ane ' m fairly certain the experience of having my flesh torn and mutilated by barbed wire would have make up more positive than watching this movie. " baywatch " babe pamela anderson lee prove erstwhile and for all that she should sustain her double - vitamin d ' s on the small screen. at least there you assume ' t have to pay to see her segmentation. and for those viewers extinct there who would only lay down money for this movie in hopes of seeing pam topless, hate to break your bubble, merely on that point are no full - fledged nude setting in gibe telegram. you wouldn ' t make up reading this review right now if i accept known that fact going in. i can ' t go back in time and invert my mistake, but i can monish other corneous teenage boys extinct at that place. they do tease us a few time with scene where you well nigh ascertain her topless but if she is nude, it ' s so quick you can ' t still tell for sure whether you ' re seeing her andersons beaver state not. a nipple hallucination sorting of thing. barb telegram was adapted from a comic book, interesting because pamela is probably the sole woman who looks like a comic book character in veridical life, still wearing low - cut leather to do authority work (businesswoman thrall wear) and having unreal body proportion. yes, alike the mona lisa, pamela philip warren anderson is a man - made beaut, believably in to a greater extent senses than one. she is a definite dish, though, and calculate at her is ne'er an unpleasant experience. you ' d just think the fair sex who get down her career as a playboy playfellow wouldn ' t have any reservations about appearing nude person in the movie, because information technology ' s obvious she wasn ' t pull a sharon stone and trying to make people pay attention to her acting skills. i mean, she shows off more than cleavage here than a jeweller ' s rule. the movie is set in the twelvemonth 2017, " the regretful class of my animation, " pam says. ( " the speculative movie of the yr, " ace say. ) u.s.a. be going through a second civil warfare and pamela is a nightclub proprietor in the sole free metropolis in the nation (silicone valley, 1 think ). she also hire herself out as a bounty huntsman when the cost equal right, posing as first a exotic dancer and afterward as a prostitute. but preceptor ' t call option her " baby. " she hates that, and remind us of that fact way too many time. imagine, a womanhood who does a trapeze slip tease in a bar while get a hose sprayed on her be relate to in such a male chauvinist, demeaning terminal figure. a liberated cleaning lady alike pamela anderson shouldn ' t ingest to hear words like " sister " during a strip tease, especially since that motion picture astir the talking pig was such a success. the plot (ha - ha) revolves around a brace of contact lenses that allow their wearer to pass through the congressional board of directors ' s retina image scanner. in the words of single of the characters, they ' re " more than than encounter the eye. " reminds pine tree state of the " transformers " cartoon, and i sure wished the picture show could somehow constitute transformed into something decent, but that never pass. no, the movie just continued on it path of game military action scenes star pamela van - damme, big - busted kickboxer, and her ohmic resistance confederate, ex - boyfriend axel (tamuera morrison) and cora (victoria rowell ). thank god they didn ' t name her cora reef. unmatched bad character name is more than enough. pamela originally doesn ' t remove sides, give some speech astir she ' s entirely loyal to the money they pay her, but she changes her mind once the congressional bastards kill her screen buddy, diddly noseworthy of bon jovi " always " video fame. atomic number 53 however put on ' thyroxine know if barb wire is a step up or step down for noseworthy, but he in spades is nose worthy (even if he isn ' t sponge worthy ). pam catch ready to revenge his death by snap up upwardly an armful of semi - automatic weapons and strap an ammunitions bash to her chest. information technology ' s non rambo. .. information technology ' s bimbo! bell ringer my words, barb wire testament live all over the cinemax network in a class. it ' s got totally the elements of the verbatim - to - video release featured on hbo ' s bastard cousin, the cable canal i ' d never watch if it didn ' tetraiodothyronine somehow come free. it ' s got the non - titillating scene of voyeurism, laughable flashback, big dialogue and action cliches out the wazzoo. at that place ' s even a storyteller at the beginning setting up the picture show ' s introduce while the words scroll up the filmdom. someone needs to tell pamela the wookie this ain ' t wiz wars. if you ' ve seen any natural action flick of the past xv years, you ' ll agnise passel of lifted elements. barb wire has the obligatory trucks flip concluded, gondola crashes, explosions, confused glass and slow - motion shots of body come down hundreds of feet to their last. this comprise nonpareil of those robotic - pilot film movies anyone could write or direct. barb conducting wire has only two thing going for information technology. .. and i recollect you know what those 2 thing are. 