arriving in a barrage of hoopla, the blair crone project is one and only of the biggest box spot success of the year. however, like the lucky child, although anthony charles lynton blair witch has made a lot of money, information technology ' s non real good. donahue, williams and leonard play themselves as three student world health organization place away to make a documentary about the blair witch myth. the picture show personify made up of the camcorder footage they recorded, which means mealy footage and vertiginous television camera angles. although outcome start of normal, they acquire eldritch passably quickly, while the threesome argue more and more as the journey goes on. although an interesting premiss, the blair witch labor amounts to nil more than a lost chance. the biggest mistake the film cook be to let tercet fair actors the chance to extemporize. most of the dialogue is ad - libbed, and still grapple to vocalise similar a poor type b - motion picture show. the ' book ' eventually degenerates into shouting matches, with the f - word admit a lot to go alike student. there represent breaks in these argument where some creepy event occur, but then information technology ' s backwards to the shouting and swearing, which gets very tiresome very speedily. if i wanted to see three mass sustain miss in the woods, shout a luck and swear, i ' d go on scout coterie. but no, the audience exist entail to get some amusement constituent out of this, but i ' thousand not quite an sure how. the supernatural parts of the film be actually interesting, especially if close attending is pay off to the tale acquire first twenty dollar bill minutes. with no music and no budget to work with, the film has to count on rude, psychological panic attack, which be sometimes well delivered, sometimes non. atomic number 53 ne'er really finger truly frightened during any part of the film, although there is a small gumption of reverence underlying throughout the film. even so, because the actors constitute so pesky, the scares follow turn a loss when it eventually revert backward to heather enunciate ' what the f * ck be that? ' a slew, and mike titter like a loony. in that respect ' sulfur as well the niggling fact that these student filmmakers do some really stupefied things. the main problem is the fact that yet though these hapless bunch could be killed at any bit, and are dispiritedly lost, heather still insists on film information technology all. the film gives a half hearted reason why she should require to do this, but information technology isn ' t rattling convincing. as well, the student have no idea how to survive in the wood, such as travel along a large river flow done the woods to civilisation. there are also some part where the ' amateur ' camcorder footage is apparently present, heather ' s apologia be a major one. the blair witch task, in the end, just go bad to cede. i imagine if you ' ve been lost encamp before, the film may surrender some chills, but this is no use for the former 99% of the paying audience who haven ' thymine be lost in the woods. aside from the last bit, the film is mind boggingly unscary, and the yelling matches beat hideously dull. the spook scenes are inadequate and far between, and any other repulsion movie could probably achieve the like amount of reverence that these scenes provide. although a sound thought, information technology ' s non executed advantageously enough to be a fun, scary cinema experience. information technology ' s a worrying fact when the website (http: / / web. blairwitch. com ) is advantageously than the pic. 