it should have follow a hellenic. a smashing cast of respected sustain actors. an interesting premiss of loser mirthful book characters. however, " secret men " show to be one of the great letdown of 1999. the jokes were bland and hackneyed from talent who take in previously made audiences laugh with their unique rituals. the numeral of cliches and shallow persona made the moving picture difficult to sit through seriously hurting its attack of possess a fast paced premise. the script tried to deliver a serial of small gag throughout the film just without a liberal laugh - ko'd - loud joke and mediocre small jokes, it failed miserably at being hold at all. the jokes were non funny for a number of reason. they had been used a number of times before in previous films, the best ace, which were mediocre to begin with, were ruined in the lagger, and the expectation of laughing at clever, unique gags from clever unique comedian when there constitute none to laugh at greatly damage the film. " mystery adult male " mightiness have work if it was an ensemble dramatis personae of newcomers trying to break into the concern. but with veterans doing this kind of junk, information technology very questioned whether their other study was as risible as originally recall. thankfully most actors in this movie will appear in fin early movies before the new year make it to help viewers leave this minuscule picture show. the film surveil a band of aspirant superheroes live in a wannabe gotham city who cost ridiculed by their fellow citizens and villains because of their clumsiness and failure to save they mean solar day and seizure the bad guy. the fact be these pathetic losers are not needed because their city already has a successful superhero, headwaiter amazing, who have lately captured every iniquity - actor in the city. skipper amazing (represent terribly by an uninspired greg kinnear ), because of his achiever in the past, is worry that atomic number 2 will lose popularity. after freeing 1 of the most notorious bad guys in the city (geoffrey hurry, overacting just a bit too much) to stay fresh himself busy, things arrest out of manus when captain amazing is captured. it be upward to the wannabe superheroes to salvage the day. by the meter this segment of the plot follow finished, the interest for what happens (if you haven ' t already calculate it out) is very low. there are very few scenes which catch the viewing audience complete attending. the initiatory scene in the pic, which indicate the aspirant trying to save the day, feels like information technology was in earnest edited down. right when it was beginning to become slightly odd seeing these actor get mortify at an old folk ' s home by some disguised thug, captain get comes in and saves the 24 hour interval? or ruin the motion picture show. instead of editing this prospect, more editing should have been done in areas such as the unnecessary romance between mister. fierce (ben stiller) and monica, a waitress (claire forlani) or the huge majority of the pic, which be the submarine sandwich talking at a coffee table about how their day was. a simple rule: to a greater extent silly activity is needed in order to make a dizzy military action picture work. another major problem with " mystery serviceman " is that every actor in it appear very uncomfortable and consequently gave painful performances. the film depend on it cast to form fluently together, same a lot of older friends working together in an affable reunion. still, most characters seemed like they did non even want to represent in this film or at least the book crap it appear this way. to attract one of the actors in this film randomly knocked out of a hat, paul reuben, world health organization vanish from acting to everyone ' s joy, returns hither leaving very little to be impressed astir. as a wannabe who practice gas for a weapon, all of his jokes must therefore be fart jest. farting jokes that accept all been find out before and will inevitably be heard again in next films thanks to the achiever of " american proto indo european " and " there ' s something about mary. " " mystery men " drag on towards the end to a spot where anything else in the public is more entertaining. anyone with a mentality knows each one of the hero be going to equal successful at their talent in the end and each unmatched is going to contribute in a helpful direction. so wherefore continue to watch? this pic equal far from a worthy hangdog pleasure. " mystery adult male " so suffice this and every time a part succeeds another one congratulates him and suppose " i knew you could exercise it! " " secret men " fails in every category it attempts to elapse. what make this film so bad make up that it had the potential to represent marvellous and unforgettable. dread playing, tremendous script, and a terrible waste of time changes opinions astir all of these actors. " single ' 1000 unpredictable! " an overexcited ben stiller yell out. no ben, you ' re the unadulterated opposition. 