sometimes, when 1 decide to spell a short chronicle or a verse form, i think of a title first, and then think of a guinea pig to plump with it. information technology appear that the makers of vex behavior had a similar train of thought when information technology come to the title chronological succession. one wouldn ' t be surprised if a couple of guys make together and created the initiative credits, and then mortal saw it and micturate improving a story to go along with it. the title sequence is so practiced, and then ominous and original, that it birth me engrossed before the moving picture even start. of course, my attention dwindle down shortly into the celluloid. disturbing demeanor, like therefore many thrillers, start off interest and ends up ridiculously ridiculous. it ' s a teen horror film with no interesting fierceness operating theatre sex activity. information technology ' s a suspense film with no suspense. it ' s an vicious little town story with no taradiddle to mouth of. it ' s a disaster, a listless and uninspired catastrophe, that just barely misses unrivalled - stardom because of a few dear chronological sequence, a mercifully short run meter, and one terrific set of opening credits. our main man is a fellow named steve kenneth clark, blandly played by jimmy marsden. atomic number 2 moves to a modest town with his family after, tragically, his brother shoot himself. steve is rattling upset astir the untimely last of his pal; we find out this through strange home - video same nightmares that he has now and then. the large trial for steve is, of class, to fit in at school and get new friends. marsden look like your stereotypical jock down to the final detail, so he look a poor casting choice for a societal reject. as a societal cull, he falls in with some pretentious cola - smoking philosophers, gavin (nick stahl) and rachel (katie sherlock holmes ). gavin informs steve that the local group of jocks, known as the wild blue yonder ribboners, are actually a cluster of zombie, imbibe new members into their group, while periodically killing innocent people. so, it ' s upward to our chemical group of uneven protagonists to i) solve the mystery, and deuce) cause something about it. by the end of it all, something has befall and things have personify explained, just the film even so doesn ' t create any sense. disturb behavior was written by scott rosenberg. unity ' ve seen his name around late (he was 1 of the toucher - amphetamine on the armageddon hand ), and i imagine that, for the most part, he know what he ' s doing when it comes to screenwriting. he set, however, take a complete lapse in judicial decision when he capture the idea for this film, and then decide to actually consume the time to write information technology out. evil pocket size town films are pretty common (the last i, phantoms, is too a dismal loser ), simply it get a mass of skill to realize the formula employment. rosenberg ' s script is a over mess, miss in even the most basic attack at characterization. and information technology makes no sense, nor exist their any intent when things are finally " explained. " at that place is supposed to be an element of surprisal when we see what is happening to the suspensor, but the film ne'er explicate on the dot what * be * happening. they induce strapped to chairs, a microchip is insert into their eyes, and - - fag - - they become sex - crazed, superviolent, automobile - like beast. the doctor responsible for all this, dr. caldicott (bruce greenwood ), must constitute pretty nuts for thinking that this kind of behavior be a whole tone up from the fashion high schooltime jocks actually conduct (or, perhaps, this equal the only realistic element in the film ). a lot of the writing is but bad, and rosenberg has no intuition when it comes to the way mellow school kids number. in one frightful scene, gavin explains to steve all of the high pitched schoolhouse cliques, while pointing them out in the cafeteria. upwards front, i should say that, in four eld of high school, i manage not use up in the cafeteria still once. that digression, the versatile societal group he points out are general, uninteresting, and badly - shown. for instance, he bespeak to the " wonk, " who are all wearing glasses and play with their laptops. it ' s such an obvious cliche that iodine can ' t believe rosenberg still get at. most of the dialog be forced (no one says, " bite me! " anymore ), and none of the scenes have any stage of card. this impression be not inspired, and most conniption flop from unrivalled to the other, with no sense of impulse operating theater free energy. the blame for this can be placed on director david nutter, world health organization apparently wish his picture dry. repugnance films should at least exploit violence, but this i is shockingly timid. there be a few good scene, though, such as an interesting trip through with an insane asylum (this is, withal, the most forced scene in the film, for how our heroes puzzle there or why they bother represent things we never learn ). i too like the school janitor character, played by william sadler. he get a few lines that live surprisingly thought - provoking. the acting personify largely a waste of natural endowment. marsden is, as ace said, bland (thought non peculiarly bad ). bruce greenwood is unashamedly wasted. stahl and holmes both show they consume gift, but the direction isn ' t effective enough to hone in on their skills (stahl ' s performance look to a greater extent like a mockery of gamey school potheads ). none of these characters boom beyond their one dimension, and, frankly, watch cardboard cutting - out of human beings run shoot down hallways while holler just isn ' t all that cool. disturb behavior is a crash of a film, and it started out a shipwreck before shooting even start. i ' grand surprised thither be producer who take this script and thought that it would make a good film, or that it would make a mint of money at the box office. it ' s not boring, or yet blatantly awful, only information technology ' s an uninspired lump of a picture show. information technology sure starts off nicely, but the regression into full fatuousness personify thus consistent that the really last scene is outright amusing. thence, if you go to see this film, take my advice: appreciate the credit episode, and pray it ne'er end. 