my first picture to the incubus on elm street serial publication of films be not this one, simply in fact the third installment (information technology was the first to gain a national theatrical release ). one didn ' t see the world class film until much later. so expect back, the original didn ' liothyronine defend a lot of great store for pine tree state, since i didn ' t think as well a great deal of information technology when i ab initio saw it. watching it now for a second time confirm that information technology ' s an overrated horror film that at long last make no horse sense whatsoever. you all know the write up by like a shot: child murderer freddy krueger (robert englund) returns from the grave by haunt the pipe dream of the children of those who burned him alive geezerhood before. this 1st installment cause an adequate book of job with it ' s abject budget, just there ' s some absurd dialogue and conceptual problems with the story. positive the motion picture show ' s ending (intelligibly the termination of the studio wanting the end of the celluloid to have a " hook " for a sequel) renders the residuum of the photographic film pointless. and does anyone understand what chance to nancy ' s female parent at the death of this film? don river ' t mystify maine wrong though. .. information technology ' s not as if a modern generation of horror films have disdain me away from the classics. most horror movies released today be just equally inane as this film is. horror is a difficult literary genre to overstretch cancelled credibly, and a nightmare on elm street just now doesn ' t cut information technology. a incubus on elm street is available on videodisk from new line home video. it represent usable both as a individual disc and as part of the nightmare on elm street collection box coiffe. the film be presented in both pan and scan and it ' s original theatrical prospect ratio of i. 78: 1 (although on the disc that make out in the loge set, only if a widescreen transfer is provided ). the film has follow digitally remastered and include two choice for sound: a mono mix and a new dolby digital phoebe. 1 mix. also let in on the videodisc is a full - length audio commentary track with writer / director wes craven, stars john saxon and ling langenkamp, and the film ' s film director of picture taking. other extras include the " startle to a nightmare " feature (ane ' m sure you can visualize that one out ), the usual cast and crew bios (which are from the film ' s original press release kit, and notably impart out robert englund and johnny depp! ), and the film ' atomic number 16 original theatrical trailer. some dvd - rom feature exist also let in, but since i wear ' t experience dvd - rom capability i can ' t real get into that. the commentary rail is entertaining and informative, but nil spectacular. the inaugural affair of note be that it ' s the same commentary course that be on the extra edition laserdisc from a few years ago. iodin ' m not enunciate that ' s a negative matter, simply pointing it out. everyone seems enthusiastic astir being there, with the possible exception of st. john saxon, who simply doesn ' t say a great deal at all. most of the prison term you ' ll forget he ' s even there. everyone else talks really quietly though for some reason, as if because they ' re commenting on a shivery movie that they need to stay every bit quiet as possible. the bonus disc with the boxed solidification call the nightmare series encyclopedia features astir forty five minutes worth of interviews relating to the first film of the serial. as well included personify the original theatrical trailer and two alternate endings to the film. .. however you tin only access one well. the other be obliterate in what ' due south called " the labyrinth ", which might perchance cost the most annoying feature of a videodisc always created. basically, information technology ' s an interactive biz of sorts where you wander through different nightmare locations looking at objects which give you access to extra piffling snippets of footage, interviews, etc. somewhere in the maze be the second alternate stop to the movie. finding information technology though is both a chore and a caliber. [ universal gas constant ] 