" my name be jack carter, and you don ' t want to have a go at it me " says our brooding anti - hero (sylvester stallone ). take his advice! to do it this hombre is as rewarding as being bewilder over a terrace. and to watch this photographic film be virtually as painful. " get carter " be a gloomy count, unimaginative moving picture that offers no joy. squat carter is as tough as rugged bozo come. he works kayoed of vegas as a self - described ' fiscal claims adjuster '. explain his duties, he says, " people do promises and fracture them. i help them think of. " helium has a chiseled body full of tattoo. he consume the weather look indicative of a human race who has seen his part of hard time. he speaks in a hushed merely menacing timber of voice. in early words, this is sylvester stallone acting comparable. .. sylvester stallone. and like most of his late roles, his quality is a shoal, one - dimensional thug whose modus operandi is to talk tough, hassle a few hapless people, find out what he want to know, and so dispense his own sort of justice. with the personal magnetism of a pit bull, be tough is all that sea dog carter know. up to now, still tough guys know when to cast family first. as the story begins, we learn that shit ' s short sidekick deliver died in a car fortuity. the law attribute it to enceinte drinking. notwithstanding, diddley is suspicious, believing that he be ' bring out '. he take on a recess from his vegas duties and tries to see if he can find the truth. as he pokes around, he run into various lowlife characters. they let in a shady line of work better half, a prostitute, a dweebish millionaire molded after bill gate, and an oily possessor of a porn website. any unmatched of them english hawthorn recognize something about his brother ' s death. all of them have the mean value of carrying out the title. but preceptor ' triiodothyronine expect an exercise in sleuthing where well - place clues precede james earl carter to the truth. he ' s all muscularity and no brains, so there personify no epiphanies during his investigating. or else, he utilise intimidation to muscle his way forward, cycling through this circle of suspect. flustered with his lack of advancement, he cycles through them once more and once again. this all incur weary fairly quickly. by the clip the motion picture show launches into its concluding act, we ' re numb from it prosy pace. oddly, as a problematical - guy thriller, information technology starves u.s. for action. admittedly, in that respect is one not bad salmon p. chase sequence, but this is relate to a tangential and gratuitous plot (president carter ' s vegas tie send thugs to retrieve him ). the story also break down to yield any sort of emotion. stallone take the personality of a slab of stone. and the look and tactile property of the film is perpetually downhearted. the weather is forever overcast beaver state rainy. meantime, most shots engage position at night, in dimly lit room, or in dark skittle alley. it ' s just out of the question to cause stir about that kind of atmosphere. as a result, " get carter " sum to zero more than than a flat thriller, bereft of clever moments and devoid of any excitement. you ' re better sour leaving this guy only. 