i didn ' t come into city of angel expecting immenseness. i ' ve ne'er seen wim wenders ' wing of desire, the hellenic motion picture show upon which city constitute loosely based. then over again, i have seen decent narrative which are based upon a interchangeable plot device, with the little mermaid (both the walt disney version and the original folktale) being among them, that i had some high expectations about the possible superpower such a story of out of the question love can hold. unfortunately, city of angels ended upward fulfilling few of them. the plot, for those that couldn ' thyroxin distinguish from the previews, revolves around the angel seth, played with an nigh creepy intensity by nicolas cage, who, in the midst of his angelic duties, falls in sexual love with a heart surgeon name maggie (meg ryan in her most endearing execution since when harry met sally ). of course, his equal an angel prevents him from doing much about his love except appearing at random time to let the cat out of the bag to her, watch her steal groceries, only to disappear in the wink of an heart. their love must rest unrequited unless seth decides to give the ultimate ritual killing and turn human. using this fabric as a jumping - off stage, the movie attempts to veer through with some hard philosophical ruminations on the nature of desire, the joy of be human, and the definition of perfection. the first half of the movie win on most points. john cage excellently encounter the eminently difficult role of an angel world health organization doesn ' t know feelings hence can ' t really express, preventing the eccentric of seth from getting bore despite his limited repertoire of purpose aspect and string up - dog expressions. unfortunately, cage take the intensity too far sometimes, and then seth amount across as more creepy than sensitive. as maggie, ryan manages to be convincing as a heart surgeon world health organization has trouble coming to condition with her having lost a patient on the operating mesa despite having coif everything right hand. her beauty, unlike her intolerable cuteness in gallic kiss, is ripe, intelligent, and winning. likewise, some interesting estimate float around at the origin of the film. when the camera pans through dealings jams and libraries and we stimulate to learn the thoughts of the random people world health organization flash across the sieve, the audience experiences a niggling of what information technology must represent like to comprise an angel. the beautiful tv camera study, shooting down onto the hectic world of los angeles from the tall rod of the angel, also consecrate u a sense of the unique wonder saint feel. the film begins to recede its agency, though, when the direction tightens more and to a greater extent on seth and maggie. the grand, angelic perspective start lost, except for some lazily tossed line of reasoning about the incredible peach of the mankind through an angel ' s eyes. the movie devolves into an interrogatory of how seth bum ' t experience the world or, more importantly, helium can ' t feel maggie: he give the sack ' t smell her hair, finger her touch, or taste the pears she eats. this modification in focus attempts to capture the audience in set ' s intense longing, but in do and so, the difference of opinion disappear. if he wants maggie thence badly, and so wherefore doesn ' t her just make the leap and become human? after all, what ' south so great astir being an angel? sure, you produce to sit on marlboro signs, merely what ' s that compared to getting to comprise with meg ryan? and from at that place, once the yearning has been established and the romanticist denouement must occur, it ' s all downhill. the philosophy becomes leaden - handed, the dialogue footer when it render to embody recondite, and the plot twists plainly attempt to jerk a few more tears into the audience ' s hankie. information technology ' s the last thirty second of the moving picture, then, that wrecks the movie. ane find same the writer, by pulling come out of the closet all the histrionic stops, has rob me of what could get equal a genuinely sinewy movie experience on both the romantic and the philosophical level. i came away feeling robbed, find out so much hypothesis in a film becoming nothing. i could go on longer, but 1 father ' tonne desire to " ruin " the remnant by discover any of the cheap plot device the film relies on. city of angel, and then, is a paradox. information technology ' s a well - acted (particularly look for dennis franz bring down against type - molding as a happy - go - lucky fall backer ), intimately - filmed, and based on a marvelous idea. all these possible action, though, be what make the film so unreformable when the closing credit come upwards. 