robin williams has the rarest of gift: the ability to rise above the most clumsy textile and perfuse it with his irreverent style. irresistibly, his worst film are pleasantly disport at worst and enjoyable at good (with the notable exception of flubber ). so when iodine, the one person who has refuse to desolate him despite patch xtc, tell you that non yet williams can save his latest task, you know it ' s in trouble. jakob the prevaricator is a mazed, muddled little movie; a generically " uplifting " photographic film with a fundamental contradiction: the message information technology deport is depress as oppose to inspiring and the movie doesn ' t realize it. hiram king williams plays jakob haim, a jew put away in a polish ghetto during world war two. one night atomic number 2 wander outside after curfew and is quickly sent to the office of a high - ranking german officer for his punishment. jakob gets off easy and he get to see approximately 30 seconds of a radio programme. the announcement (in side, only punctuated by a exultant " heil hitler! ") is that russian scout troop are alone miles out from jakob ' s ghetto. release! he thinks. the next day, jakob tell the tidings to his closest friend, a fickle swag fighter name misha (liev schreiber ), who despite being aver to secrecy passes the message on. soon, it is a vernacular laying claim in the ghetto that jakob suffer a radio set hidden in his home - - a crime penal by death. this is absurdly false, but the more than jakob narrate the the great unwashed of the ghetto this, the more convinced they turn that helium is abreast of the latest developments in the war that is to decide their destiny. the danger, of trend, is that the german language allegedly have informants throughout the ghetto, and rumors astir the radio receiver can get out and put jakob in majuscule danger. in a curiously irrelevant subplot, jakob regain a 11 - year old girl world health organization accept separated from her parent and decides to hide her in his small home. apparently atomic number 2 is afraid that she will be discovered, and run short to great length to pretend sure of that - - just wherefore the idea affright him is ne'er establish clear. he and the girl build an uninvolving, generic relationship that ne'er go anywhere and is every bit irrelevant at the end as it be in the get go. the moral of the report be that hope is the best medicine. but jakob the liar forgets that the hope that jakob brings to his ghetto is false. such hope inevitably leads to expectations of its realisation and when those expectation aren ' t met, the results be far spoilt than if there comprise no hope. that ' s the film ' s giving detriment: it be found on a fictive assumption and thus comes off as sorely fake. it ' s never move because it doesn ' t give way us anything to represent moved by. jakob the liar fails to drive any heartstrings which destroys its purpose for existing. robin bernard arthur owen williams doesn ' t interpose the film with life, as a issue of fact, he seems a little extinct of it, as if crippled by his phony emphasis. helium be stragely unenthusiastic; his character make up single who spreads hope but his performance be lifeless, hopeless. non since dependable bequeath hunting has he abandoned his signature style to this extent; this isn ' t the robin williams we know and love. in good will hunt helium became a serious histrion and won an oscar for it. here, he be more of a hopeful serious actor; an pretender. jakob the liar will make up compared with last year ' s liveliness be beautiful because it is being marketed as a " final solution comedy ". information technology ' s non a comedy. it judge, sometimes, but information technology rarely works. is it a melodrama? a warfare movie? a character bailiwick? no, no, and no. jakob the liar is the kind of moving picture that can ' t be placed into a class; not because it encompass so many different genres but because information technology fails at simply astir every one information technology seek. 