single cried during _babe_. i admit information technology. the special effects, the storey, the great dialogue were woven together so exquisitely and successfully that my mind lose raceway that this was a " children ' s film " - - and so practically so that, yes, i got a small overly sentimental. such, my supporter, is the power of celluloid. when word come taboo that they were using this newly rise f / x for a doctor dolittle update, in which eddie murphy plays the title graphic symbol, and many heavy funny actors issue the voices, my anticipation rose to great expectations. they can ' t perchance send packing the ball on this one. can ' t misfire. can buoy ' t possibly miss. they overlook. what went wrong? after much mentation, i supply three general rules. ( single) don ' t let a video actress - plough - comedy movie music director near an urbanite playscript (1. es. , penny marshall ' s dreadful " preacher ' s married woman " ). betty thomas work wonderment with " the brady bunch motion picture ", but the like sitcom - buoyancy doesn ' t rather work here. it ' s as if she lifted a generic situation comedy, and iced it with light doses of advanced r & b. take forth the blackened cast, take away the atrocious soundtrack, and you birth the balance of some mid - 80 ' s kirk cameron show. ( 2) the neat the cast of characters, the less the single cast - phallus have to do (i. es., " con tune " ). it is great to have the laughable voice of jenna elfman, garry schandling, john leguizimo, ellen degeneres, and gb godfried in your lineup, only they receive nothing to do but improvise their underdeveloped, stereotyped characters, one - line - at - a - time. it ' s still worse, because sometimes their voices equal so unrecognizable that you assume ' t get the gratification of tie in the voice to the comic until the credits. instantly there are three character actors world health organization do get peculiar discussion: albert brooks fetch self respect to nearly every project he ' s in, and the scenes as a depressed tiger do resonate a certain pathos. average mcdonald fares nearly as well, as a isolated dog who learns to bond with dolittle. merely in that location ' s little humor here. that rests on the shoulders of chris rock, sorely miscast and unfunny as the voice of their stephen samuel wise - ass guinea fowl pig. even the mouth be inauspicious - synched. ( 3) father ' t let the especial essence technicians take the air forth with the script. at that place ' s a certain timing that ' s mandate in drollery. to take in this timing usurped by the brilliancy of computer generated mouths or lifelike creation of jim henson ' s creature shop, is a spoof. this live non to say that particular essence filled comedies or muppet movies aren ' t well - timed laughfests; with the right director, they sack be and have. here, betty lowell thomas comprise distinctly over her head. i wish one could remember the special effects, just they ' re merely average. count the telephone number of times where the animal ' s mouth is call on away from the television camera, beaver state too far to notice, or ill - synched. this is to a lesser extent a " babe " and more than of a " look world health organization ' s bark " knockoff. you may be wondering, ' how does eddie spud fare? ' good, he came back with the special " nutty prof ", and 1 don ' t doubt he hindquarters make out backward again. here, atomic number 2 ' s tied into a straight man and given little to serve. the exception are when he venerate he ' s go crazy: a far cry from his smarter - than - you ' d have a bun in the oven routine that he ' s to a greater extent adept at. it ' s unfortunate that helium equal where richard pryor be tenner years ago, making crippled clowning without the like bite he had given in his early years. after completely this, what ' s left? tail end jokes. a _lot_ of can jokes. i supposition for kids that may embody funny, but 1 was stone - faced. if there ' s a deterrent example the film english hawthorn be secernate us, is that animals take in feelings too, and they care style too much for your bum. 