what happens when you set martin lawrence in a fat suit in real life? you get martin e. o. lawrence in a coma (the comic thought he was getting juicy, so he position on numerous layers of heavy clothing and go jogging in century degree heat, ending up in a coma ). so what go on when you put martin lawrence in a juicy suit in the movies? you get an audience in a comatoseness. in big momma ' s planetary house, t. e. lawrence plays a fbi agent world health organization ' s a superior of disguise. when a naughty, naughty man break away from clink and essay out his late girlfriend (the very sexy nia long. .. the lone thing worth face at in this movie ), she flees to georgia to stay with her rather big southerly aunt " big momma " (ella mitchell ). the fbi espouse her in order to recover the large sum of money stolen in the bank robbery that place the naughty human to jail. however, big momma be promise away on an emergency. sensing that they could lose their lone chance to get the outlaw, e. o. lawrence goes undercover as big momma. and let the comedy begin! big mama ' s menage is the definition of a " gimmick " motion picture show if there ever was unity. the plot canful fundamentally be sum up as " martin d. h. lawrence primp improving as a fat woman ". .. and even that description be too long winded. you can just date this script plotted out on a chalkboard with martin e. o. lawrence / fat woman in the midsection of the board with a big circle around it, and all sorting of clich? d, " humorous " situations pointing to it. fat woman wreak basketball! fat cleaning lady takes a dump! fat womanhood kung fu! substantially they left one cancelled the board. .. movie critic slips into comatoseness! paul the apostle giamatti (private parts, the treater) plays t. e. lawrence ' s partner and as much as one savor his study, even he can ' t inject aliveness into this lifeless clowning. hell, the great performers on the major planet couldn ' t make this material workplace. .. it ' s precisely that awful. 