movie concepts are often pitch to producer with numerical formulas involve successful films of the past. so, undoubtedly unmatched twenty four hours someone said, " ' phylogeny? ' information technology ' s ' ghostbusters ' asset ' men in black ' plus ' tremor. ' " and so it exist. sum total none. the alienbusting begins when a shooting star land in glen canyon, az. community college skill profs ira kane (david duchovny) and harry block (orlando mother jones) guide some samples from the meteor and discover that one - celled organisms from inside it be evolving rapidly, doing in hours what took trillion of years for life on dry land. barely about the clip i was wonder, " hey, doesn ' t the government usually come in and take terminated the whole area in these movies, " the government came in and take over the unharmed orbit. the drawing card of the pack, gen. woodsman (ted levine ), turns out to constitute an former nemesis of provos ' s, and provisional ira and harry are blocked from doing further research. meanwhile, the organisms continue to grow until they are large plenty to start snipe masses. by this time, ira and harry have gained a quaker in dr. allison reed (julianne g. e. moore) of the center for disease control. a country nine poolboy, wayne immature (seann william winfield scott ), own also tie himself to the merry band. but can they recover the means to stop the extraterrestrial in metre? manager ivan reitman seems to personify revisiting his biggest smasher, 1984 ' s " ghostbusters, " merely " phylogenesis " falls miserably short. unmatchable reason is readily apparent. " ghostbusters " experience three really funny guys as its scientists (bill murray, dan aykroyd, and harold ramis ), just " evolution " has one and only really peculiar guy wire (orlando jones) world health organization can adlib and milk the comic potential of line of products that prove useless in anyone else ' s hands. for good criterion, " ghostbusters " had the comic gift of rick moranis; " evolution " propose seann william scott, who was much comic in " american proto indo european " and " road trip " than helium is hither. scott take one amusing scenery where he sings " you embody and then beautiful to pine tree state " to a dragon - like unknown to draw it into a trap. former than that, scott look unable to make much of the thin material the writers give him. an thespian in search of a forte, david duchovny looked for his gritty natural process hero face in " acting idol " and his wild eyed side of meat in " return to me. " now helium wants to find his goofy comedic talent; what we all find is that he doesn ' t have any. look for him to be rearwards on tv in five years or thusly. another lamentable case is julianne moore, world health organization needs to be more selective astir the offers she accepts. she ' s a gifted actress with an impressive list of credit and awarding nominations, so why is she trying to act slapstick comedy? her lineament has a inclination to head trip over and bump into things, but the trait fare off as a pathetic supplication for laughs. the sole save saving grace of the film be jones. he ' sulfur at the midpoint of the movie ' s funniest scene - - where an alien bug invades harry ' s physical structure and have to be pull out through his as. jones is the only cast member who can select the comedic chunk and run with information technology, only atomic number 2 can ' t run the whole movie by himself. atomic number 2 found himself in a interchangeable spot in " the permutation, " where helium was also the only comic talent in an ensemble cast. jones will finally rule the labor that bequeath realize him a major comedy star, but this isn ' tonne it. 