" saving silverman " is a safe good example of a good comedy gone bad. as a love story it be in force, however as a comedy it falls flat on information technology ' s look. i call back throughout the shortsighted 90 minutes i laughed a total of seven time. .. and those were precisely chuckles at the most! the film doesn ' t deliver the oomph to score it a cracking movie, and doesn ' triiodothyronine have the hand to cause it a funny movie. anthony wayne lefessier (steven zahn ), j. d. mcnugent (jack black ), and darren silverman (jason biggs) have grown up all their life unitedly, they have been better friends perpetually and consecrate to stay close till the end. while in a bar after doing a appearance with their band, establish on their love of neil diamond, darren meets a young woman describe judith (amanda peet) whom helium instantly shine for. mad anthony wayne and j. d. however think differently and when book of judith tell darren that helium can never see his friends again, it ' s up to wayne and j. d. to try and begin write silverman. the performances are first rate and amazingly, they are what continue the pic afloat. jason biggs decent off the flop " nonstarter " make an ok caper playing silverman, but he constitute dusty and flat at times. steve zahn represent perfect in the function of john wayne lefessier, and still though the flick is about silverman, lefessier is really the main type and the narrator of the movie itself. jack fateful be well jack black, and he does an all proper line as j. viosterol. but helium isn ' t as comic as he has been in the past tense. amanda peet act as the ultimate bitch as book of judith, and neil ball field plays neil diamond (he ' s good at singing than acting ). in any event the performances in the film are estimable, just it ' s besides forged the script isn ' t. speech production of script, hank nelkan ' s choppy script is not only mischievously write, just not funny plenty even for an episode of sesame street. the dawdler for the motion picture, as with most movies gives away everything that happens in the moving picture show, particularly the shady parts. somewhere " saving silverman " was meant to be a expert movie, and it could receive been, just alas in the end information technology wasn ' t. dennis dugan ' s direction is altogether right, he adds a few directorial contact here and there, nix special being a dim witted drollery. " save silverman " comprise a perfectly bad film in to a greater extent ways than one. information technology sustain a great cast, a good theater director and a sweet scented story. .. information technology ' s hardly too uncollectible it has a sorry script and is all together a bad pic. 