synopsis: in " sooner than you think " america, the futurity of law of nature enforcement resides in steel squad, a ragtag grouping of culturally various rollerblading cops with jetpacks strapped on their backs. a serious malefactor, however, attempt to destroy sword squad after his brother dies while be chase by them. comments: so, what do an ex - gangbanger twist insubordinate traffic pig, a former prostitute with a centre abuse trouble, and a junkie turned dennis rodman wannabe turned pig who doss down four spot police force cruisers all take in in common? wherefore, they ' re all members of blade team, an elect new crimefighting building block wearing black uniforms, rollerblades, and jetpacks! they also extend video television camera so they can communicate with unity another a la the marines in king james i cameron ' s aliens. yes, information technology ' s blade squad, the slyboots mesh ' entropy wednesday nox movie of the week. this " movie, " marking information technology in question populace premiere today, curiously have a number of guest stars. " how can a motion picture take in guest stars? " you may ask. well, blade squad be not rattling a movie so to speak but a 2 60 minutes cowcatcher for a potential tv set serial packaged as a motion picture show. blade team is dumb. blade squad is tatty. blade squad cost obnoxious. blade squad bequeath probably be a rating hit and engender a long - subsist tv serial. why non? after all, television set has fall in it audience crimefighters with talking cars (" knight passenger " ), fast eggbeater (" airwolf " ), and tops fast motorcycles (" street hawk " ), and viewers have eaten information technology up in the past times. so, why not crimefighters with jet - power roller blade? to be honest, as a make - for - tv presentation, blade squad is at least watchable. the moving picture show has a comparatively turgid cast of characters, a surprisingly intelligible albeit predictable script, and decent action successiveness to keep one half - concerned. i ' d imagine adolescent male person, probably the target audience of this bomb, would get a kick knocked out of information technology. i tried to keep that in intellect when i watched blade police squad. iodin buns remember liking " airwolf " and " street hawk " when i was ten or eleven. and, although this isn ' t saying much, blade squad make up leaps and bounds better than the last fox meshing movie i had the displeasure of liquidate time on: the insipidly awful generation tenner (a huge dashing hopes considering the comical book ' s terrific ii - year beginning ). only, i digress. despite its limited appeal, blade squad ingest a heap of kink to work prohibited if the movie is to become a video series. one, it suffers from mtv syndrome: a quite a little of warm shots and unearthly angles continuously jar the spectator ' s senses while a near around the clock generic wine rock soundtrack blares incessantly in the backdrop. oh yeah, dylan ' s " knockin ' on eden ' sulfur door " and james bowie ' s " i ' thou afraid of american " are used here, in kind of piteous taste. 2, blade team require a new crew for the sound. the substandard phone editing devil maine to no end. characters ' talks, at clip, sounded jerky and unintelligible. during unmatchable important scene, a song played loud in the background. when a fictitious character spoke, the song ' sec volume dropped but did non disappear. as soon as that character finished speaking, the birdcall ' s mass immediately refund to its original degree until the next grapheme speak. this sounds trivial, i ' megabyte sure, but it deflect me vastly. in the end, this is commercial grade television. foul oral communication is not allowed, typically, on commercial television. thus, don ' metric ton utilization foul language in a made - for - tv product because that foul language has to equal censored in some style. in an other scene of the film, for example, the leading dear guy and bad bozo have a nonaged opposition in the streets. when the good bozo spurt kayoed a bad word, a driver handily regorge his car ' randomness horn off - screen to muffle the word come out. in a " seinfeld " episode, this proficiency essay funny; hither, information technology seemed goofy and cut the spectacular tension considerably. perhaps next writers, if a show is spun verboten of the movie, could take a cue stick from wonder comedian ' 2099 serial of funnies. make up a bunch of new regretful words for the future. this way, you assume ' liothyronine call for a bunch of honking horns or other whacky devices to cross up foul language. compared to the common crap broadcast television receiver networks have to offer in terms of motion picture, blade team is a suitable exercise in pack. when compared to, say, a movie studio apartment celluloid, blade team has a lot in common with a term which shares information technology initial: bs. ( review written lordly 12, 1998 ) 