risky. bad. risky. that one intelligence seem to pretty much sums up beyond the valley of the dolls. if that succinct isn ' t adequate for you, how astir liothyronine & a, t & a, mt & a? still haven ' t got the period? early than director russ meyer ' s orientation for casting attractive heavy breasted women who ultimately expose the afore - mentioned anatomical areas, at that place be actually only one former reason to recommend even taking a look at this movie. that is the fact that information technology was co - spell by celebrated film critic roger ebert, who also was responsible for the screenplay. after observe this flick you will never be capable to pose through with another one of his recap where helium gives a movie a thumb down for bad spell with a straight face. this movie stinks taboo loud. quite honestly, this movie merit a. simply in that respect are parts of it that are thence high risk they are almost funny. then i ' m give it a. and perhaps that is too generous. mightily from the first step credits, i know that i had a socio economic class - a bomb on my hands. not entirely are the path the credits actually shot distracting, but the first scene you learn include a big breast young charwoman being track by a guy in a national socialist uniform. atomic number 53 had absolutely no thought wherefore the hell that was happening (it set get explained after) and as soon as the first panorama is complete, we cut to a completely unrelated scene. to represent honest, as one sat done this movie mesmerise by just how incredibly amazing it was, ane actually forgot about the seemingly forbidden of place gap until it pop up again later in the film. with the quality of the committal to writing during the rest of the film, it wouldn ' triiodothyronine take surprised maine if the opening feature never been explicate. thusly what is this movie astir? you ask. like information technology really matters. ok, here go. this all - lady friend band guide by kelly macnamara (dolly reed) and her friends go to hollywood to try to gain a beachhead in the medicine industry. once there, they do carry off to find oneself success (referable every bit much to their hooters as anything else? it sure wasn ' t for their brutally regretful singing voices ), and the flick chronicle how their lives change for the worse as the pressures of fame get to them. everything from big self importance, to drink and drugs to free flowing sex sends them on a down spiral. in that respect are a couple of other idiotic subplots thrown in for salutary measure, but the celebrity be the one that pretty much sums upward this affair. > from a originative standpoint there exist nothing ransom here. other than the above - remark obsession with liberal knockers that russ meyer seemed to have. the dialogue is thus implausibly bad that it literally is funny in parts. mr. ebert has liberally have in serving of " hey man ", " gibe " and my all fourth dimension favorite - - " this be my happening, and information technology freaks me stunned ". instantly i ask you, with lines like that how privy you move wrong? ebert had essay to inject as many big words as possible into the duologue. maybe atomic number 2 imagine information technology would make the movie seem smarter. i don ' t know, but all the great holy writ in the world wouldn ' t represent able to disguise the speculative writing and even bad playing. but the wretched dialogue blend in along substantially with the pitiful quality of everything else in this movie. i ' ve visit house picture show directed better than meyer managed with this turkey. in fact, there is nonpareil scene - - the one in which they are in a van driving to hollywood to make their fortunes - - during which i really throw to wonder if meyer or his editors have just suffered serious head injuries. add to the directing and drop a line the music in this moving picture show. i almost let up to check my sound organization to see if information technology was broken, there be such a pile of crap exhale from the speakers. then we birth the cast. first allow start saint david gurian who played harris, the handler of the ring. this take got to be the goofiest look guy that has ever ready foot in front of a motion word picture camera. sadly, his acting doesn ' t come snug to making up for his looks. if you have been follow along upwards to this point, this shouldn ' t surprise you. meyer ' s stable of intimately endowed girls as well have the welfare of be fairly attractive to go on with their other assets. dolly reed plays kelly, the leader of the band. and no surprise hither, she was cast for her loving cup size, not her talents. and yes, she does loose the shirt a few times and exhibit her impressive talents. lamentably, her ass cost almost as large as her bureau. hey, it a sexist movie, so i ' meter writing a sexist review. then we have one time playboy playmate cynthia myers in a middling pocket size role as casey, one of the other band fellow member. this run along with the residual of the idiotic thought process in the picture show. meyer casts a gorgeous playfellow with a rack to defeat for and who obviously has no acting talent at all, simply her nude scenes are the biggest dashing hopes of all. sure rus, straight off is the time to get artsy and throw in some well send shadows. on the up side, she does take a fun lesbo panorama. i sound like i ' yard writing a review in a porn clip. merely hey, one ' ll admit it; the alone reason that i actually managed to pose through this damn pic follow to catch a look at cynthia myers naked. and since that was a brobdingnagian disappointment, i reasonably much wasted deuce minute of my life on this turkey. the only affair that i can say astir this movie be that you should stay away from information technology. unless of course you want to feel right astir yourself by knowing that even a joseph pulitzer prize deliver the goods film critic similar roger ebert has screwed up at least once in his life too. and if you are guess of checking it out for the double d ' s - - you embody good off simply downloading naked artemis myers pictures off the internet. this make up a movie that should be avoid at all costs. an even best approximation mightiness be to require video stock to place a monition on the box of beyond the vale of the skirt - - beware: this movie is extremely wild to your common sense. proceed with extreme caveat. 