ejection seat: godawful " clowning " that ' s amazingly shabby and write out - rate, and rather bereft of laughs. 1 was suffer a bad week in my life when 1 saw austin powers: international man of mystery. i desperately need something to cheer me up, surgery at least distract me so 1 could get a clear headway. get some linear perspective. still speechless movies can make that for me, sometimes. i tried strong not to let my stool touch my judgment, but i am certain now that austin powers would have too suck rocks done bamboo shoot on the daylight i won the lottery. michael myers has taken a character that would scarcely have support a five - minute sketch on saturday night live and stretched it to the length of a feature film, dramatise it out with lavatory jokes and the sort of props - strategically - positioned - between - naked - actors - and - camera gags that sesamum indicum hill got tired of fifteen years ago. the plot, what little there is of it: rearwards in the swinging mod hep sixties (i don ' t think i ' m doing a disservice to the movie ' s attempted early look and feel by describing it that way ), sexy british mysterious agent capital of texas exponent tangled with his nemesis dr. evil. evil launched himself into orbit and cryogenically forze himself to render decades subsequently, when power was out of the picture. powers besides have himself frozen, and he wakes upwards to obtain the 1890s a very hard time to deal with. the canonical joke, that of power ' total inability to cope with the mid nineties, is not so much exhausted during the course of the movie as ne'er still real dealt with. the bulk of the pic is taken up with dumb jokes of various basic rubrics: james bond jape (of which this movie consume no end, right down to the silly character epithet ), inept slapstick, toilet body fluid, and strategically placed airplane propeller. .. the movie ' s astonishingly bereft of ideas, number to think of it, with a duad of brilliant exceptions. one is dr. evil ' s word - - there is a sidesplitting scene where father and son work to an encounter group, chaired by carrie fisher - - and the other is a throwaway gag where austin mimics various forms of transportation from behind a couch (it ' s a visual gag - - hard to describe, and heavily to advocate seeing the movie for ). a luck of sixties kitsch has represent raise and thrown on the screen for this moving picture, but it ' s desperate rather than clever. instead of skewering the solid thing, it ' s a rather bloodless and unfunny protection. myers himself cost too desperate: he ' s given an idea to play, non a fictional character. plus, the effort to make the character employment by hand him a relationship with another sexy (albeit " nineties ") agent be a barren of sentence. i wanted to have the movie end with him trying yet once more to get it on with her, just to receive her deck him 1. with a twosome of exceptions, the motion picture misses all of it ain best moments. the movie yet expect cheesy, and not in a unspoiled way: i celebrate wondering if it had been transfer down from hi - def video or something, so grainy was the film stock in a good many scenes. the whole affair has the air of make up exercise on the cheap. my definition of comedy is just: did it make me laugh? the few times that i laughed in austin powers be completely offset by the clip i spent cringing and want out. the most damning thing i could suppose about the movie be that anthony wayne and garth would most likely suffer shoved it into mike tyson ' sulphur short circuit and sent it sailing. 