while watching loser, it occurred to maine that amy heckerling ' s true genius as a film - maker personify casting. in fast times at ridgemont high, she gave us sean penn ' south jeff spicoli; in look who ' s talking, she turned bruce thomas willis into a wise - cracking baby and provided john travolta with is foremost career revival; in clueless, she found a star vehicle for the adorability that is (oregon was) alicia silverstone. she seems to sympathise instinctively how to find performer the interview will like in spite of their fault. regrettably, she may also be starting to sympathize that she understands. giving invoke actors an appealing hand create likeable movies. giving attract actors a hand in which their solicitation _is_ the movie makes for accidentally awful films like loser. naturally, heckerling makes her protagonist an all - around tumesce bozo. paul tannek (jason biggs) represent a small - ithiel town boy who gets a erudition to nyu, then now finds himself an island of compassion and application in the cold - hearted cock a hoop metropolis. paul is the kind of guy rope who gives up his seat on the subway to an elderly cleaning lady; his roommates adam (zak orth ), chris (tom sadoski) and noah (jimmi mrs. simpson) are the kind of guys who shoot their music and countenance their waterbeds leak all over paul. saul is also the sort of guy who adores girls from afar, in this compositor's case the lovely dora rhomb (mena suvari ). dora has problem of her own, including a shortage of funds to yield her tuition and a family relationship with a professor, edward alcott (greg kinnear ), that ' s more than slightly one - side. they ' re two conscientious kids who love animals and homeless people, and so distinctly they belong to together, even if apostle of the gentiles is a loser. i must confess that, for a while, i be suckered in by heckerling ' s cast. jason biggs is an engaging performer whose unlawful looks make him yet easier to embrace; suvari is a coquette with an undertone of intelligence activity. they ' rhenium pleasant enough to watch, and heckerling give us deal of scenes launch how nice they are and how nice their respective adversary aren ' t. so information technology bit by bit becomes clear that there ' s virtually aught to loser but scenes of that sort. in possibility, loser is a amorous comedy, but there is scarcely a laugh to live bump in the entire film (famous exception: a cameo by a scene - slip comic actor as a video store salesclerk ). instead of taking any clock time to cause the characters ' situations funny, heckerling spends 98 minutes making her reference ' situations pathetic. she shows none of the ear for quirky dialogue that spark clueless, nor any of that flick ' s involvement in lively plat (not astonishingly, since clueless ' s patch came via jane austen ' s emma ). she but turns the film into a compassion party. since loser is a pic composed almost entirely of establishing character, you might believe that those part would be interesting, or at least slightly complicated. instead, you have people either hence gross or so unredeemable that there ' s no reason to see them. paul isn ' t just now a nice cat, he ' s flawless; therefore, atomic number 2 ' s a central role who does perfectly no growing. his roommates aren ' deoxythymidine monophosphate just inconsiderate, they ' re actively evil - blackmailing professor louisa may alcott, do drugs cleaning woman with rohypnol and generally ease up humanity a bad figure. and professor alcott isn ' t scarcely manipulative, he turns dora into his firm slave. dora ' s unthinking devotion to alcott is the lone whiff of basic human frailty to represent find in loser, and yet that isn ' thyroxin explored in sufficient detail. in that location ' s more ambiguity in the 30 - 2d snippet from alan cumming ' s broadway performance as the master of ceremonies in cabaret then at that place is in the rest of loser it ' s one affair to turn supporting graphic symbol into comic exaggerations; it ' s another to flatten your leads into easily digestible slop. and it would aid if those comic exaggerations were someways. .. one don ' thyroxine know. .. comedian. still, i spent much of the film take for out the ridiculous promise that heckerling would somehow salvage loser from its boredom and justify my desire to wish paul and dora. that hope melt the moment heckerling emphasise a chronological sequence of paul in the throes of unrequited sexual love to simon and garfunkel ' s " scarborough bazaar / canticle. " rather of consecrate the sequence a knowing flash - a reference to the graduate, a hint that paul make up becoming an overly - sensitive clich - heckerling plays it deadly straight. even in the scenes that scream for a light mirthful touch and a bit of a sack at her admirer ' s foibles, she finds information technology impossible to digress from the gospel of saint paul as saint. clueless ' s cher hold her self - engrossment and manipulative tendencies to balance her cuteness. in loser, amy heckerling shows a heavy handwriting with stuff that demands friskiness (her one show of wit involves naming saint paul ' s dorm " hunting ' s hall " after erstwhile bowery boy huntz lobby ). her gift with throw proved to be her curse. nonstarter may follow a crashing bore, just gee, aren ' thyroxine those two kids swell? 