i have always been a fan of director neil jordan river, from his other work, such as 1984 ' s " the company of wolves, " to 1992 ' s " the crying biz, " and 1994 ' s " interview with a vampire. " his latest film, " the butcher boy, " exist a return to his roots in republic of ireland, merely regrettably, it embody non a successful homecoming. tell through the eyes of a xii - year - old irish boy, francis (newcomer eomann owens ), this special photographic film follows him as we learn a minuscule about his decidedly unsound life. his father (stephen rea) be an indifferent alcoholic, his female parent (fiona shaw) is mentally ill and always in and out of hospital, and francis himself delights in terrorizing the mother of one of his friends after he is forbidden to project him any longer. francis is the type of boy who incessantly get a lot to enjoin, but mostly fluctuates between sarcasm and frightening money plant, and it quickly becomes apparent that he may very well be a little psychotic, yet capable of brutal execution. the assumption of, " the butcher boy, " is one that could stimulate very comfortably been rick into a thought - provoking, disturb motion moving picture, merely somehow nothing works. francis is in almost every scene, but we memorize really little about him, as if the cinema was distancing itself away from him when, i distrust, we were actually supposed to sympathise with him. this is definately non young jesse owens fault, however, because helium establish a brilliantly accurate performance, and is able to besides look menacing every bit well. the fact that we don ' t baffle close to his character is because of the sloppy screenplay. the supporting characters be no service, though. rea is wasted, and has much no scenes where helium actually talks to his boy, or to anyone else for that matter. he usually seem to just personify sitting watching the idiot box throughout. anna howard shaw has a little bit more to work with, since she has unrivalled touching scene in which she talks to francis in a clip of despair, but is knocked out of the picture just as we are set out to know her. and singer sinead o ' connor appears rather in effect as the virgo mary who occasionally gives francis advice. the pacing is all forth in, " the meatman son. " although the storey could have been dynamite, it moves at a deadeningly irksome charge per unit, and atomic number 53 found my nous wandering every erstwhile in a while. it is as well very episodic, because the developments in the story tent fly by with no satisfying takings. at unitary point, francis is sent aside to a juvenile prison, and an odd, perhaps sexual human relationship start to develop between a priest and himself, simply cypher comes of it. i ' d instead think of, " the bumbler boy, " as a brief divagation for theater director jordan, sooner than a entire dud. he has already raise to be a strong director, but he lucked out with this late film. what could have been a courageous, unsettling character written report of an emotionally disquieted young boy, only if finagle to cost an ineffective, uninvolivng eager. 