please don river ' t psyche this gasbag let off a bit of steam. .. iodine merely desire to admonish all of y ' all not to run off your hard - earned $ $ $ on eunectes murinus. it ' s non even worth a 99 - cent television rental. father ' deoxythymidine monophosphate listen to ebert on this unity (he has no clue what he ' s talking about! ) btw i accompanied my champion to this one because she be * required * to take in information technology on assignment (she reviews movies for a local composition ). now i ' ll actually back up my puffing and huffing. here go: motion picture: eunectes murinus rydain ' s bottom line: postponement for it to get on usa upward all night. even then, i doubt it ' s deserving the price of shock (to help you delay upwards that late! ) why execute i hate anaconda? have me count the room. .. first of all of all, this pic catch way too many snake facts wrong. as an ophiophile (snake devotee ), i can secern you that a) anacondas would ne'er reach a length of 40 feet, b) they ' re scared of people, c) cases of snakes eating adult humans are extremely rare because human shoulders are too wide to fit in a snake ' s mouth, and constrictor snakes don ' t kill what they can ' t eat, d) people can outrun snakes with no trouble, especially heavy ones like anacondas, e) if an anaconda did eat a human, it would need at least 6 months of sitting on its butt to digest the huge repast, therefore it couldn ' t run around gobbling up everybody else in the casting, and f) snakes have no vocal cords, so they can ' t make funny squealing noises. whew. atomic number 53 be prepared to suspend reality if the movie would make be worth it. unfortunately, anaconda be about as suspenseful and exciting as watching paint peel. my friend and i even successfully foreshadow who would last at the closing. anybody can recite the bad guy cable is going to die eventually. that be a pity because his character was one of the few reason my friend and i didn ' tonne give upwardly and fall asleep. helium was the to the highest degree likable character in the moving picture. who wouldn ' t enjoy somebody who look like a crazed walt whitman? anaconda did have it cute moments: argumentation between deoxyephedrine block ' s character and the british guy, for instance. however, those small flashes of wit embody non deserving the other time of day and 20 - viii minutes of boring schlock. the writers let - and blew - a the great unwashed of chance to insert funny seam. single was rather disappointed with a scene where a young guy cable severalize a young lady that the jungle makes him horny. do she retort with a clever, ego - withering counter? of course not! " iodine ' m trying to sour! " g, that ' s even dumber than the turd comebacks i come up with. she could have told him to move find a knothole or something. .. ; phosphorus but i bequeath admit, there was just unmatched conniption where i was surprise at the issue (hint: information technology involves the evil guy and miss horseshit comebacks ). as for the secret plan, i ' m nevertheless adjudicate to find one. this movie was fundamentally an excuse to get a boatload of mass into dangerous territory where they could drive snarfed by ridiculous, computer - generated anacondas with the optic and fangs of vipers and the faster - than - soberness down acceleration of a harrier jet. ( harrier snake? ) non to mention instant digestion so they could go snarf countless other victim. the writers try out to throw in some sort of plot twist (should i send for information technology a plot knot because information technology made no sense?) in which the sick guy ' s g - friend kisses the evil dude and of a sudden everybody hates said evil swell and starts trying to bolt down him. that was about as clear and perceivable as mission: unsufferable. ( if someone could explain that flick to me, 1 ' d equal most grateful! all the old - guy dual agent look the same! ! ) i wasn ' t inspired by the acting, write for the vicious dandy. one can ' t blamed the actors, though. it ' s non their fault they had a nasty handwriting to solve with. this conclude rydain ' s fulmination on a unblushing exploitation (and perpetuation!) of public fear of snake river. comments, flames, anyone? - rydain the atomic cheese, fresh from chernobyl dairy farm! 