well if you comprise up for astral effect then this is the movie for you. because thats all that there really is. ... unity found that after watching this pic it had many many gaps and flaws in simple logical system in the plot. for one matter, a blank leading actor world health organization ingest a dim daughter do leave some curiosity. ... i be not saying that this isn ' t potential.. just it does leave i to wonder. .. i bang i did. another thing be that this movie has sections which live sorely stretched extinct. ... and sure scenes are repeated essentially but with slim variant. there live one scene that should give been short. .. but it be dreadfully stretched and someplace in the middle of it i found myself thinking.. ok enough already get on with it. there are also times where you have to wonder wherefore thing happen the way they act. .. things just now as if by magic happen and there is no prelude or anything of the variety. .. another matter that i noticed towards the end was that some characters just now vanished without a trace simply they exist fairly major through most of the rootage. this picture is also really predictable. .. you can almost tell the final level somewhere in the middle and you definitely know what bequeath chance at a given minute.. granted this is hard to omit simply hither its just blatant it sits there and stare at you. as well some of the things that happen are a small as well predictable and various cliques personify repeated. .. information technology gets boring at times to tell you the truth. .. even though there is yet military action going on. another little breaker point i might add is that the main part follow supposed to be a quiet bedlam mathematician not some blast them up type of cuban sandwich. some of the characters are non right for their role. the acting is o.k. but the characters just wear ' t look to add up. if i was to base my review altogether on the plot then i wouldn ' t pace this motion picture too highly but that ' s just the thing this movie isn ' t just the secret plan, its the whole package and this package is real well done. the whole moving picture is rattling intimately done and looks really serious and if one exist to look out on the flaws in the plot and characters then this is rattling a pic. the special effects are just amazing, you bottom ' t tell that the dinosaurs are created it look like they were there live, in a few instances of course you bed its impostor only there are other times that you just wouldn ' t be able to say that the animate being wasn ' t there during filming, nonextant or not. another thing cost the death scenes. .. wow, those exist chef d'oeuvre.. well some of them be they were well choreograph and along with the dino ' s make this one of the reasons to see this motion picture. this movie is jolly long simply information technology is action packed so information technology should do well in the box seat situation.. unfortunately information technology testament take away from 5th constituent but alas what can we do.. i may be overly cynical for my age simply this movie is only worth seeing for the effects and for information technology few funny mo.. go see it in a matinee if you really must see it it not deserving replete cost if you necessitate me. one little side note, although my opinion of this movie may non suffer been the best the way that this movie cost marketed and how many theaters it was shown in toronto this opening weekend is zero short of stupid, there were 10 theater movie theaters that be dally this movie around the clock i think that some people really desire money badly. ... and i call up that this character of activity spite the movie industry let the other moving picture also take a opportunity. ... you sleep together any movie with that much play would succeed still if it be the worst moving picture of all time made. .. .. ace think i ' viosterol set this here to deflate the movie hype astir this flick. .. information technology not that bad a picture show only it not that great either hope you people clear this. 