reading the form and music director for the new gangster comedy, " analyze this, " i enquire myself, " how could this overlook? " robert de niro (" cab device driver, " " torment bull " ), billy crystal (" city slickers " ), lisa kudrow (" the opposite of sexuality " ), and director harold ramis (" internal lampoon ' s holiday " ). these represent usually honest film maker (good, okay, crystal has been in a goodish slump recently ), and tellingly, the first half - hour of " analyze this " follow very rum. unfortunately, as the running fourth dimension click away, i began to think that the beginning 30 minutes had, unbeknown to pine tree state, follow rewound and be being replayed another two - and - a - half time. the motion picture bear obtained a clever premise, but does not take in any idea what to do with it as information technology more and more becomes more and more repetitive until 1 in the end stopped enjoying or caring astir what was happening on the screen. halfway - get on psychoanalyst ben sobel ' s (billy crystal) life is finally sound very easily. although he has never gotten along with his own uncaring parents, especially his father, world health organization is also a psychiatrist, ben has an easy - going teenage son (kyle sabihy) and constitute about to journey down in the mouth to miami to aim married to his tv news reporter girlfriend, laura (lisa kudrow ). in little but a flash, yet, ben suddenly sees his program ruined when he accidentally hits the railroad car of the mob and later gets paid a visit from famed mafia guy saint paul vitti (robert de niro ), who urgently wants counseling, even though he himself won ' t yet admit to having anxiety attacks. ben tries to help paul, by and large so he will get him off his back, but the plot get more complicated when paul follows ben to his wedding, which ends with a human beings dropping eighter from decatur chronicle to his death. it seem to ben that no matter what he does, paul vitti will not go away, and the more they get byzantine, the more ben ' s potentially well chosen life time gets into peril. " analyze this " get a few laughs sprinkled throughout (mostly in the first half ), but i always had the nagging thought that what director ramis and writers peter tolan, ramis, and kenneth lonergan had get along was thought of one joke (robert de niro lightly spoofing his serious past mafia roles, while terrorizing and becoming buddies with comic billy crystal) and and so tiresomely recycled it for the continuance of the 106 - minute working time. admittedly, de niro is very suspect here (and i can ' t remember the last time you could apply that adjective to trace him ), and crystal is in top - form, but the whole moving picture show embody weighed down directly on their shoulder with nothing else to support them, include a substantial plotline. since " psychoanalyse this " invoice non one, not two, but iii writers, you ' five hundred think that they would stimulate been able to work in concert to fix the noticably large flaws, but they must own all make up on auto - pilot. one of the most disappointing and wasted chance in the film is the way the movie deals with the supporting character, all of which feature side by side to nothing to do and aren ' t even given multi - dimensional character to essay to formulate. coming away of her academy award - caliber work in two of last year ' s best films, " clockwatchers " and " the opposite of sex, " lisa kudrow ' s flyer " girlfriend " role is an unbelievable step down. sure, kudrow ' s fellow " quaker " jennifer aniston do the like matter two weeks ago in " office blank space, " but at least we got to spend a little time with aniston. kudrow, meantime, generally just stands around, no doubtfulness wondering why she jibe to come along in this film in the first place. chazz palminteri, as rival gangster primo, fares even tough, in a persona that play more than similar an reconsideration than an actual character. finally, molly shannon (rise up film star and cast member on " saturday dark live ") let a rousingly hilarious one - setting cameo right at the beginning as one of crystal ' s patient role and then whole disappears. too regretful, considering that the support actors for certain deliver prove that they have the abilities to support de niro and crystal. once " analyze this " approached its second wedding scene leaving kudrow ' s laura digest alone at the altar once again, i had become thoroughly annoyed by where the story had gone, and give by and large lost esteem for the fibre we were hypothesize to sympathize with the most, ben. afterwards, the climactic picture with ben posing as a fellow mob boss in place of the depressed paul, become a substantial laugh - detached dead - zone, losing it last remaining comic punches. " analyze this " prove that talent can certainly avail any movie proscribed, but when the written material isn ' triiodothyronine up to their level, what we represent nigh left with is a vacuum of thin aura. 