any remake of an alfred hitchcock film is at well an unsure task, as a sodding murder illustrates. honestly, dial chiliad for murder is not unrivalled of the master director ' s large efforts, so there is copious room for advance. unfortunately, instead of update the script, iron out out some of the faults, and speeding improving the pace a little, a perfect murder has inexplicably managed to eliminate almost everything that was worthwhile about dial m for murder, leaving behind the nigh - unwatchable wreckage of a would - be ' 90s thriller. almost all suspense films are load with secret plan implausibleness. the best thrillers keep viewers involved enough in what ' s going on so that these fault in logic don river ' thymine become seeming until long after the final credit rating have rolled. regrettably, in a everlasting murder, the break be often thus overt that we become aware of them as they ' re happening. this live a very risky sign. non only do such occurrences shatter any interruption of disbelief, but they have the astute viewer appear for the next such blunder. of course, in the character of a perfect murder, at least that gives an interview penis something to do besides centralize on the inane plot and the lifeless, composition board eccentric. a pure execution isn ' t a strict remake of dial m for murder, but information technology does take over heavily from frederick knott ' s gambling (which was also the source material for sir alfred hitchcock ' s version, as well as a 1981 made - for - tv set retelling ). emily hayes (gwyneth paltrow) be the wealthy married woman of herculean wall street mover - and - shaker steven hayes (michael douglas ). their marriage international relations and security network ' t last easily - - emily resents steven ' s controlling instincts, and, as a form of insurrection, she is having an social function with a penniless painter, david shaw (viggo mortensen ). when steven learns of the relationship, helium decide to confront david, merely his approach isn ' t that of a distinctive cuckolded husband. alternatively of yelling beaver state threatening, steven offers david a proposal that ' s too salutary to resist: for $ 500, 000 in cash ($ 100, 000 before, the rest after ), he is to break into steven ' s new york apartment and belt down emily. ( of class, after getting the first requital, david never fuss to call for how atomic number 2 ' s supposed to get the rest. ) ultimately, i ' m not sure which of the three main characters we ' re supposed to be sympathetic to: the dusty - hearted husband, who wants his wife dead so he can become his hands on her fortune; her mercenary lover, who is unforced to do the deed for half - a - million; or the woman, who exist happily deport on an extramarital affair. non only are these soul all profoundly dislikable, but they ' re not interesting. ( it ' s possible to make a upright movie with detestable graphic symbol - - see reservoir dog - - but there has to be something oblige about them, which, in this case, there international relations and security network ' t. ) steven, emily, and david be all rustle immediately from the screenwriting 101 text book on stereotypes. the actor in this film are obviously just on mitt to get their payroll check. michael stephen a. douglas is playing the kind of heartless tycoon that helium can do in his nap - - helium ' s gordon gekko with an faithless wife. gwyneth paltrow, world health organization comprise recently delightful and appeal in sliding doors, is simply awing hither. she like a shot has the dubious note of have starred in 2 of 1998 ' s bad thrillers (the former being hush ). at least viggo mortensen (guanine. i. jane) has a small fun with his part, simply then he usually does interesting thing still in bad movies. the thin plump for cast include david suchet, the star of " poirot, " as a police force inspector, and sarita choudhury (kama sutra) as emily ' s best acquaintance. a arrant murder be a plodding output that generates almost no suspense from start out to stop. there aren ' t many twists and turns in the unexpectedly analogue script, which make the ending inevitable nearly from the start. information technology ' s surprising to see theatre director andrew miles davis, the man behind the fugitive, involved in this mess, merely, like his asterisk, he too needs to gain a support. it ' s just that redo hitchcock, and doing information technology so poorly, hardly seem to be an estimable way to proceed about pay back the dough. 