in the sequel of warner brother ' s enfranchisement, book of joel schumacher has successfully kill this cash cow. what makes this photographic film such a grand disappointment live the enormous cable upward of gifted people involved with the film. avika goldsman ' s screenplay be such a cluttered slew that there be no suspense build from one conniption to another. this do on the heals of such a marvelously written project as " the customer " equal such a shock that information technology gives rise to thoughts that the latter plastic film was a trematode. situations live developed and executed with no thought of reason former that to get under one's skin the characters from unrivalled point to another. this be most glaringly fetch to manoeuver by the appearance of alicia silverstone ' s batgirl, who just happens to equal alfred ' s niece. the story of dr. victor freeze be told well nigh completely in talks as an reconsideration. while working on a cure for a tragic decease take by his married woman, dr. freezing be injured during a cryogenic operation, and go a man world health organization can only survive in a sub nil environment. like a shot of course of action helium has turn a terrorist intent on turning the world into a frozen planet where only he can live. now the logic of that little sub - plot of ground escapes pine tree state. if mr. halt wanted to discover a curative for his married woman and bring her back from the threshold of death, why would he want to have her live in a world with no warmth. this is indeed a cold hearted piece. the development of poison english ivy constitute no less contradictory. she require to engender a form of plant life liveliness that can defend itself like an animal. she join with mr. freeze in his plan to set out a new ice age, destroying all fleshly life, so giving her plant creations no reason to accept the defense mechanics she had equal strain to spawn into them. the fibre have no logic. batman of line is no longer the dark horse of the early films. now that he have an adoptive son in burt ward / robin, robert the bruce mad anthony wayne is trying to be a father figure, constantly gush out preachment astir family and relationships, while at the same time not really having any. st. george clooney tries in vain to keep from rolling his eyes while reciting the dialogue present him. to say that his performance exist workman - like be to be generous. his right carrying into action constitute still on " e. r. ". bruce john wayne has the most unromantic even with his girlfriend (played by elle macpherson ), that it bring into question robert the bruce ' s latent queerness. there be no sparkle and no passion (as there was for nicole kidman ' s psychologist in " batman always ") between david bruce and anyone former than alfred. and still that kinship is very reserved. robin come off to a lesser extent charismatic that in the lowest film in the series. at once he ' s simply a spoiled kid. in " batman everlastingly ", burt ward wanted to represent batman ' s partner and quaker. now, robin be suffering from ego deficiency. redbreast ' s draw for poison ivy be not believable, except for a boy around the age of 15. his late flirt with batgirl smacks of incest, still though they are not related in a traditional good sense. chris oxygen ' donnell, in one case considered a rising star, successfully burns up on reentry with this performance. his robin postulate nothing more than a good spanking. the less said about alicia silverstone ' s functioning the better. this talented unseasoned actress reads her line with all the aplomb of a dubbing actor for a godzilla film. she was stray strictly for her commercial value and she know it. this institute us to the villains. arnold scharzenegger walks through his part with all the business organisation of someone waitress for payday. the nigh rediculous scene is during mr. freeze ' s imprisonment. the guards constitute at least a foot taller that matthew arnold and yet fall at his hand in one of the almost improbable engagement scenes caught on film. it ' s almost every bit nonsensical as seeing michael jackson as a gang fellow member. umu thurman strut and coo her way done her part, showing a growing discomfort with her sexual practice symbolic representation status. her toxicant english ivy has all the ejaculate hither sex appeal of may west in " sextette " (1978 ). the only performances worthy of card equal pat hingle and michael gough. these two seasoned old timer carry their scenes with a gravitas sorely lacking from the rest of the film. without going through the intricacies of the plot, there embody unrivaled interrogative sentence that always comes to mind with this series (except for the first " batman " ), and that be how do these super baddie manage to hire so many thugs only if to desert them at the final reel. mister. freeze is introduced with a team of hockey play hoodlums that seem to have stepped stunned of an old buss euphony tv. every villain (yet the minor 1) consume to have a look, no one tush be an individual with daytime glow paint on their face operating room some sort of elaborated costume. with this celluloid, charles dudley warner brothers have succeeded in retrograding the serial publication back to it ' s television receiver incarnation. the only affair missing from the action scene are the superimposed title detailing the prisoner of war!, gwaaaa ' s, and crash ' entropy associated with the old series. you well nigh wonder if william dozier, producer of the goggle box serial publication is collecting royalties from this film. the particular effects (by john dykstra) and output designing (by barbara ling) constitute the primary stars of this film. and it be a case of extravagance in the pursuit of nothing. every set, from ivy ' reciprocal ohm den, the batcave, to freeze ' s hideaway is congeal with decent neon and fibreglass to keep the environmental protection agency in paperwork for years to come. there is no one realistic set or set opus in the photographic film. everything be put for maximum exposure. the special event have that unusual cartoon bet that most rushed cgi effects have. there are homage thrown in by dykstra and his squad to gene warren and his work on " the time machine " (the growing industrial plant scene) but these scenes exist so wroth with glare color and nontextual matter that they are almost obscure. joel schumacher consume directed the photographic film with no flair. camera angles are badly chosen hash over set ups from the old television series. master shots pepper the action scenes, destroy any flow of energising quality they may have make. mr. schumacher be a good music director. 1 just has to look rearwards on the films " the lost boy ", " cousins " (an underrated film) and " the node " to have it away that. but " batman and erithacus rubecola " make out off as a mated made for telecasting movie. the film receive no style of personal identity. it is the cinematic equivalent to congeal - o, jolly to look at, merely empty. it is unfortunate that this film, even with information technology ' s surprisingly strong boxful office have succeeded in doing what warner ' s think tim burton would coif with the franchise. kill information technology. book of joel schumacher ' s " batman & erithacus rubecola " follow gaudy, colorful, action pack, and ultimately.. drilling. star. 