five years after his directorial debut based on stephen king ' s writings called the shawshank redemption (9 / 10 ), writer / managing director postmark darabont returns to the magnanimous screen with another prison house film free base on the famous scribblings of stephen king. unlike the latter film, this one follow a gravid, long, laborious gauge. plot: a sevener - foot expiry row yard bird is discovered to let secret healing ability. critique: this film make up slow, reap - out, boring, uninteresting, unexciting, predictable and crown with a duet of one - dimensional " evil " character reference. its only positive attribute lie in information technology actors world health organization all do credible jobs and its message of leslie townes hope and belief in miracle. the real miracle of my night was the fact that atomic number 53 did not pass asleep during this straightforward, unimpressive picture show astir a cat with special powers who we never truly understand or care astir. of course, much like all other last row cellular phone blocks, this one cost satisfy with decorous inmates world health organization all happen to comprise " misunderstood ", except for one cooky - cutter crazy guy who is evil personified. and let ' s not forget all the sentry duty on death row, who also happen to be angels from the heaven above, except for one biscuit - cutter crazy guard who is also evil body (and is there any reason why there are about six guards when in that respect come out to follow no more than three inmates? ?? ). am i theorize to identify with anyone in this film? or even more significantly, be i reckon to give a rat ' s ass astir anyone in this picture show? well, if i was, one sure missed that boat, because the only affair that i end upward caring about during this entire picture was the obscene amount of fat that tom hanks has be able to burrow under his informal chin. furthermore, there is absolutely no reason in the humans wherefore managing director postmark darabont needed to take trine hour and ten minutes forbidden of anyone ' s life to present this story. in fact, the story be empty within itself. i truly did not get anything out of the film other than the fact that there be a guy cable on death row world health organization has special mogul to bring around, and we are left wondering if he should nonetheless be put to death or not. howler. how interesting. the plot ' s utter predictability is likewise at fault here with ane guess as to whom be to get mend by the gentle goliath in this film (we are tell that one certain lady has a tumour early on in the movie ). party whip ko'd those thinking caps, kids! hmmm, and i marvel what will happen to those two cookie - tender " evil " guys who get nothing in their system only hate and negativity. hmmmm, at once mean hard here, boys and girls. what a soot! i am guessing that this film make up supposed to be some three - 60 minutes exercise in spiritualism, but unfortunately for me, information technology make up neither apparitional oregon the least bit engaging. in fact, it comprise one big bore. ane didn ' t see the point of the movie, i didn ' t see the point of the account and ace surely didn ' triiodothyronine see the spot in tom hank ' expectant double - chin. all in all, a bad movie asterisk some neat actors doing substantial work, especially michael clarke duncan as the mankind of the hour, john coffey. sacrifice that man an award operating room something! 