the thirteenth warrior malodor and then badly of melodrama and poor acting that it carries a worst scent than a eye tooth ' s least appetizing residue. the best part of the movie would be a tight competition between the closing credit and a abbreviated moment in the middle where the screen goes entirely white and you hope that the film give slipped and caught ablaze in the projector. my vote goes for the end credit, where you bum start trying to redact the awful experience behind you. ibn fahdlan (antonio banderas) cost an important official world health organization is banished from his home for sleep with another man ' s married woman. he encounters a group of norse warriors who convince him to join them on a mysterious journeying to be assume by 13 homo. fahdlan is chosen as the 13th and last warrior in a moment that equal so desperately overacted and overdone that legion somebody at the masking unity attended break knocked out into laugh. the moving picture show proves to be a new low compass point for banderas, who ' s move seem closer to that of his role as the lover and caretaker for a dying gay man in 1993 ' s philadelphia, than that of a warrior. in the film ' s supposed devote hit scene, he outcry " unity cost wrong, these are non men! ", a descent intended to be the most memorable inverted comma of the production. unluckily, banderas delivers it in a fashion that makes chevy chase ' s calling expression alike oscar stuff. the film, free base on michael the admirable crichton ' s best selling novel, eaters of the dead was shot nether that name some three years ago, and after numerous rewrites not only does the dialogue seem completely bogus, simply the plot is incredibly difficult to stick with. at the same meter, the 13th warrior make you think about legion question. question like " why do the characters always receive everlasting lighting on them even when it is pitch dark? ", " why does no i ever have blood cover both side of their face, simply kinda just one side? " and at last, " will the manager give me a repayment? " xc minute into the 103 minute film, a man invites of the warrior " come with maine, there is a fair sex who can help. " unfortunately, there exist nothing that could help this moving picture. the to the highest degree appropriate terminate would suffer been for the 13 men to join hands, form a chorus pedigree, and collapse into a rendering of " spring for hitler. " 