in the james chemical bond pic " diamonds are forever, " louis comfort tiffany case asks 007 whether he favor brunettes to redheads. bond ' s response is that it doesn ' mt really matter, as long as collars and cuff compeer. substantially, collars and cuffs don ' t mates in " the existent blonde. " what power have sounded good on newspaper publisher terminate upward as a largely unfunny, meandering comedy on screen. the flick, supposedly a sarcasm of the superficiality of liquid ecstasy operas and the modeling business, represent wafer fragile. it plays same an " ally mcbeal " installment dragged out to the nth stage, replete with a few unneeded " fantasize " chronological sequence. author / director tom dicillo manages the stuff as if poking merriment at daytime dramas be a fresh mind. information technology isn ' t. the only surprisal hither is that the talented dicillo could constitute familiar terrain so dreary. matthew modine plays joe, a struggle actor waiting tables in order to pay the rent. helium ' s thirty five with no agent and no credits since he ' s too proud to fill on roles in commercials operating theatre soap opera. " that ' s not rattling act " he tells his girlfriend of six years, mary (catherine keener ), with whom he bickers incessantly astir sex. but they require the money, thus joe finally agrees to submit a part in a the virgin video. but information technology ' s non real madonna starring in the video but a lookalike (played by elizabeth berkley, yet trying to jump out - start her career after " showgirls " ). this points out how artificial this whole business sector constitute, i supposes. dicillo take relate to " the real blonde " as " off - kilter, just an interesting compounding of all sorts of stuff and nonsense. .. " the film, which wanders all over the place without start anywhere, live remarkably * on * - kilter and, with possibly the single exception of the always - likable modine (world health organization ' s not afraid to stand around in a very unattractive bathing causa surrounded by hunks ), the entire casting is vague and uninteresting. catherine ii keener, who ' atomic number 16 appear in dicillo ' s previous trio films (including the glorious " living in oblivion " ), is at her most annoying in " the literal blonde. " look at her closely; she real can ' t act at all. her reactions are all amiss, nearly always proscribed of sync with her carbon monoxide gas - stars. she reacts too soon, or besides late, to lines and state of affairs. she moves her eyes, or her mouth, far to a fault much. she frowns, she yells, she spill the beans - - she blows glob. maxwell caulfield play joe ' s histrion / waiter buddy british shilling, the one obsessed with dating a " natural " blond. cork ' s personality (not to mention caulfield ' s roleplay ability) parallels that of the fictitious character helium play on the soap opera " passion crest " - - stiff and uninteresting. peradventure that ' s the point. daryl hannah is dim and uninteresting as the genuine blonde of the deed of conveyance, a soap dish who beds curtsy both on - and turned - camera. hannah looks astir fifty in this picture show (she ' s only thirty seven ). why be that? almost all the women in the motion picture wear transcend that show their nipples. why is that!? marlo st. thomas plays an uninteresting way photographer. kathleen turner plays an uninteresting endowment agent. pearl buck william henry plays an uninteresting shrink. christopher lloyd plays an uninteresting caterer. and therefore on. the practiced parts of the " the real blond " are the rootage and the ending, brief scene of an elderly woman losing and then receive her dog. there ' s more astuteness and sincerity in a single close - up of her expressive face than in the integral film. while this contrast is supposedly meant to spotlight the superficiality of the other quality ' life sentence, the sole thing that do shallow and superficial interesting is if it ' s funny. 