perhaps if the fake didn ' t make hence much going for it, it wouldn ' t have constitute such a frightful disappointment. written, directed, and farm by unitary of its deuce wiz, stanley tucci, whose final photograph was the indie smash hit, big night, the impostor almost never catches fire. sputtering similar a ii - day old campfire, the floor plays corresponding an ad - lib sketch that was never polished or dispatch. the flick ' reciprocal ohm other star, oliver platt, be hilarious as the senator ' s aide de camp in bulworth. the bloated supporting cast be a regular cornucopia of do gift, including woody allen, steve buscemi, promise davis, alfred molina, campbell walter scott, lili deems taylor and tony shalhoub. all are pine away save allen, world health organization plays a theatrical director world health organization asterisk in skepticism at the bad acting before his eyes. ( the audience will easy identify with woody allen ' s sentiments. ) with the exception of a undivided original antic involving mirror - imaged subtitles, the motion picture engenders small unfeigned laughter. the dusty liquid body substance is thence embarrassingly bad that you will find yourself laughing sporadically at the picture rather than with information technology. the secret plan for the movie involves deuce starvation histrion, maurice (oliver platt) and king arthur (stanley tucci ), who accidentally finish up on a sail ship. in ordination to escape an furious shakespearean doer (alfred molina ), who is chasing them, they decorate upward as ship ' s stewards. the ended - the - top book has the subtlety of a maul. when the track hide from their pursuers, arthur covers maurice ' s mouth as he endure an unending sneezing. at other times, we have the typical zany comedy routine where everyone trail everyone else, while flash in and proscribed of stateroom. with the film ' s chapter introduced similar placards at a music hall stage, information technology is unmortgaged the movie wants to exist taken as forcemeat. the press promissory note describe how everyone that came on the set comment at what a good time all of the actors were have got. too bad they weren ' t more implicated with the hearing ' s potential enjoyment. the jokes, often set up in secretiveness, fall like stones with such intensity that one can almost try them hit the ground. one wonders if anyone ever take in the motion picture ' s dailies. sure as shooting, if they had, they would accept realize what leaden results they were producing. it is crafty take respectable actors flirt bad ones, but, if they couldn ' t pull it off, they should have just give up. " the appearance be over for this fella, " steve buscemi ' s character says towards the goal. the mystery is wherefore they didn ' t all give upward in the beginning. there moldiness have personify a better script somewhere for such a wonderful roll. the impostors feed single: 42. information technology represent rated r for a little profanity and would comprise fine for kids around 12 and up. 