if you ' re debating whether oregon not to see _breakfast_of_champions_, call for yourself one dewy eyed interrogation: do you want to see nick nolte in intimate apparel? the only people who would pay back much enjoyment from alan rudolph ' s chaotic adaptation of the kurt vonnegut novel be the cross - section of the universe with the unhealthful urge to get a line that unpleasant sight. everyone else - - and i ' 1000 hoping that ' s most people - - would comprise wise to channelise percipient of this excrutiatingly unfunny jam. really, though, the sight of nolte in in high spirits heels be unmatched of the more comic affair about this muddle, which focuses dwayne hoover (bruce willis ), the proprietor of dwayne hoover ' s exit 11 motor village in midland metropolis. not only is helium a huge winner as a businessman, he ' atomic number 16 also something of a celebrity, his grimace make placeable by an ongoing series of television set commercials. with a gracious dwelling and family to boot, dwayne appears to have it all the fixings to be well chosen - - as yet atomic number 2 ' s non. his wife celia (barbara milton snavely hershey) is incessantly in a lozenge - induced haze; his word st. george (lukas haas) is a showy waiting room vocalizer who goes by the stage name " bunny. " non only that, the environmental security agency is on dwayne ' s ass over a building development task. it ' s enough to mail dwayne on a nervous partitioning - - that be, if he doesn ' t follow in blowing his brains out first. meanwhile, midland urban center is about to host a fine art festival, and the guest of honor be one kilgore trout (albert finney ), a author who is far from the illustrious source the festival ' s organizer (buck henry) was led to believe - - in fact, he ' s a penniless hack who writes second - rate sci - fi that appears in porn magazines. his trek to midland city is too a spiritual journey, one that reaches its apex after meet dwayne, world health organization for some reason thinks that trout will hold for him all of life ' s answers. the above be already a longer plot outline than one normally give in my review, merely, ironically, i take barely scratched the surface. i haven ' t yet mentioned wayne hoobler (omar epps ), an ex - con with an obsessional wonder for the similarly - named dwayne. then thither ' s the topic of francine (glenne headly ), dwayne ' s devoted secretary. non to mention dwayne ' s employee and old friend harry lesabre (nolte ), the ace with the secret penchant for crossing - salad dressing. and so on. the film is essentially dwayne ' s story, but too much rudolph sound on distracting tan with the outre peripheral player that one a great deal wonders what the distributor point is. rudolph does arrive at a point (more on that later ), but information technology ' s blunted and obscure by his hyperactive approach to the material. the surreal visual style, consummate with printed words flying through the air and into dwayne ' s ear, be manifestly meant to impart a sense of rabidity, but it bludgeoning nature is likely to make viewers mad. the actor are call on to play accordingly, leave in some of the worst, most overdone work all of them have e'er turned in. thomas willis fare best of all - - but that ' atomic number 16 because his frozen expression of befuddled befuddlement mirrors that of the audience. with such an sharply usurious atmosphere for nearly all of information technology running time, it comes as a daze when things of a sudden turn serious, and rudolph tries to create a statement. different _american_beauty_ (a flick that _breakfast_ resembles in more than a few ways, to information technology great detriment ), on that point isn ' t any palpably businesslike undercurrent that would prepare the audience for the big shift. as such, the cartoony character fail to gain a sympathy that require to be earned; and the film attempt, to no avail, to achieve a deepness that information technology doesn ' t deserve. vonnegut ' s original novel is considered a classic, but it had been called unfilmable - - the same that was said of hunter mho. thompson ' s _fear_and_loathing_in_las_vegas_, which was disastrously commit to flick last year by dame ellen terry gilliam. with the similar failure of _breakfast_of_champions_, will hollywood ever learn that books mark " unfilmable " inevitably results in a flick that constitute unwatchable? in all likelihood not. 