unity had an epiphany today. information technology occurred to me while i represent watching " house on haunted mound. " information technology is as follow: if a preview makes the film information technology ' s advertising feeling like a trashy, stupid picture, well judge what? chances are, there * be * truth in advertizing. too speculative 1 didn ' t trust my ain instincts when something - or - the - early possess me to see this movie. i fault it on my sudden craving for a panic attack and my anticipation of " sleepy hollow. " that and " tenet " started too latterly in the good afternoon for my schedule. an hour of " angel " surgery " buffy " is scary than this doozy that tries to constitute chilling and shtick just falls mat on its face. one like i ' ergocalciferol seen it when it was halloween. at least one would have been forgiving. hey, tis the time of year. the moving picture was shuddery (albeit very confusing, dizzying, and nauseating) at inaugural, only before long the repugnance got repetitious and downright laughable because the moving picture show obviously wasn ' liothyronine going anywhere. now i truly appreciate films comparable " screeching, " " halloween, " or any old alfred joseph hitchcock plastic film where the scariness halt from situations that are at least pretty realistic. that ' s what spooks people out, the fact that it could bump to them surgery someone they know. there has to represent a logical precedent for the situations they need to scare off us with. sure, utterly unpredictable be full, too, just that ' s different from utterly nonsensical. hohh (star sign on haunted hill ), on the early hand. . . well let ' s just suppose i about hang off my chairman express mirth when they oh - so - cleverly revealed that everyone world health organization got pay for to the party was related to the psycho dr. who died in the house a couple of decennary ago. riiiiight. y ' know, that just sends iciness down my spine. yeah. just like one wet my pants when they told maine the sign of the zodiac is malevolent. ooooooo. hint: origin and guts simply exploit a few times. oklahoman or later people start to tell themselves that it ' s just ketchup and airplane propeller and you ' ve got to add up upwards with something well than that. there were just now too many things in this movie that we ' ve all go through before; from the inevitable " plot exploitation " of stranger unwittingly trapped together; strangers turning against each former; the evil manifesting itself; the bushed come backward for a last scare. each follow more predictable than the last. why didn ' t these fools just appease unitedly in one place anyways? sheesh. constitute i grossed out? yes. did i get spook a few times? yes. but wherefore? i catch really trouble when there is no wherefore. when thither weren ' t random scares that were there for no other ground than for the ocular effect (which wasn ' t that right either, trust me) and the panic, the film was filled with drab, laughable dialogue. the character were implausibly flat and cliched. not to cite downright annoying. you ' ve got a bunch of citizenry going nowhere in their life; of course they ' re dumb enough to go to a party some stranger ask over them to provided they win a million dollars if they survive the night. jeez, i suppose no one fall for those " you may already be a victor " thing any longer. and of course, all three gallon are baby. single wonder how on earth the geoffrey rush of " shine " end upwardly in this movie. keep that upward, geoff, and you ' ll qualify for the next batman venture. the only single somebody i enjoyed was chris kattan because, considerably, atomic number 2 just crack me upward. and famke jansen (sp? ) because she remind me of the delectable brosnan. president pierce brosnan (hey, 1 willingly run " dante ' s peak " trio time for him: ). all right, one concede. in that respect were a couple of things ane enjoyed. that perverted fiddling amusement park at the beginning. i plausibly acquire ' t ride a rollercoaster for a while. and the machine they expend to force geoffrey ' s character mad (check, i don ' t still remember their name ). the machine, not that stupid fishtank with bare wimmin in it. i maintain waiting and waiting for that inevitable pull at the remainder of the movie. it wouldn ' t have redeem the film, but at least it would have made maine feel well. but no, they prefer for the beautiful sunrise ending. thank god they didn ' t add a candy kiss at the end operating theatre i would have vomit. divinity, on that point is no hope. 