" spawn " whitethorn be somewhat of an older motion picture show. in fact it leave likely be on picture before anyone who hasn ' thymine seen it volition finally get to see it (that is, if they see it ). but i managed to catch information technology before it made information technology ' s way out of theaters and into the creation of rental and, god forbid, video cassette purchasing. it wasn ' t the worst film of year by any agency. information technology isn ' t yet on the top fivesome of the worst films of the year. but information technology perform manage to pass the bottom five of the bottom ten, which, in simpler terms, signify it amount in at act 6 on my " worst of 1997 " list. the solitary reason it doesn ' t number in lower be thanks to the special upshot, which might in reality have been some of the best of the year. performance, yet, be either wooden or, for the most part, unforgivingly campy. in fact, this film indicate no signs of attempting to avoid campiness! yet the redaction seemed to boast a campy quality. i don ' metric ton know how to explain that 1; it wasn ' t precisely jerky, but something about information technology appear. . . well, annoyingly unprofessional. john leguizamo nigh makes it as clown, but not rather. he is the lone character world health organization put up the audience with any laugh that can aboveboard be called intentional. but the main job iodin found with " spawn ", as with most motion picture that thread up on my " worst of " lists, is that it was just plain boring. 1 wouldn ' t yet say there was a climax to the moving picture show. sure, information technology have the big struggle scene at the oddment, just the only excitement felt constitute that the movie might equal nearing a conclusion. never likewise shortly, the movie did conclude in a very simple, dissatisfactory way. even though it ' s peerless of the shorter movies i ' ve seen this twelvemonth, it ' s one that ace would definitely not want to subject myself to sitting thru again. like i said, the limited gist are the alone reason that this picture show should receive any sense of pride, no matter how small. one exist impressed with the gap chronological sequence, so long as i didn ' liothyronine allow the melodramatic voice - over and lobotomizing editing to get to pine tree state. and batman cause zero on the spectacular visuals spawn ' s outfit created. but even the core get tiresome during the final scenes, which looked quite an a mo like a modern picture secret plan. world health organization knows if " spawn: the video plot " wasn ' t portion of the programme from the beginning? keeping in intellect that the film follow based on a comic account book makes it somewhat to a greater extent approachable, and in a really minor amount, makes up for the cheeziness of it all. just none of this movie ' s saving graces rear end it make it something i ' 500 recommend seeing, no matter what the price of admittance. this motion picture is definitely not for young children, which shouldn ' t very make up a problem seeing as how only teenagers, if anyone, would likely find it appeal. if you really want to catch a movie, at that place are many good ones out there, no matter what your tastes might be! trust pine tree state! " spawn " hold very little to offer up still the almost avid moviegoers! 