i get wind actor skeet ulrich discourse this film in a couple of interview, and in both instances, helium felt the strange compulsion to compare information technology a piddling series of films prognosticate lethal weapon. now, i personally remember those picture as a) star a major gesture picture star b) being rummy c) having great natural process sequence five hundred) great chemistry einsteinium) decent character development. hmmm. .. . okay. .. right away on to my review of chill factor. secret plan: a graveyard shift key regular working joe and methamphetamine hydrochloride cream hand truck driver light onto a malicious programme by an ex - army general, to propose a nuclear device to international medical prognosis. when the twist dead come down into their reluctant laps, they must keep it nerveless on ice rink, and rush it over to an us army base, before the contraption ticks over 50 degrees fahrenheit, and kills million of multitude. critique: " speed on an ice - cream truck " is probably the pitch that was used to sell this one - tincture movie to its backers, but unfortunately, the only way that anyone could compare this plastic film to that tenseness - filled, original two hours of cinema, is in its distinct honor of being the complete opposite word of what that film, and the lethal weapon moving picture, stood for. this film is seasoned in commonplace, with plenty of badly write dialogue, ended the top playing from republic of cuba gooding jnr. , zero chemistry between the two lead, and horribly tacky speculative guys, tossed in to complete an overall bad movie recipe. my booster and i enjoyed watching this movie to a sure extent, because some of the lines in information technology were so defective and obviously " write ", that we but have to crack improving. that, and the expression for the movie ' s playscript which followed the proverbial 1 - 2 -, and you guessed information technology. .. tercet scenario! and what about all those catchy, hip names to get america to concern to the case. .. . " elvis " and " nighshift ", oh what talent lie in the thinker of these screenwriters (and yes, it in reality take aim two guys to come up with this regurgitated slobber ). information technology is abyssal to pine tree state as to how actors skeet ulrich and cuba gooding junior. acquire involved in this one - week - old - blueness - cheese - smelling project. did they in reality think that it would boost their life history, oregon do they jazz that the script sucked, but brush aside any fall from grace, knowing full well that the stack of immediate payment in their back pocket would dramatise their fall? most probably the latter. have you seen either fled beaver state bulletproof? well, despite the svelte differences in plot, the essentials are essentially the like hither. you get a black guy and a lily white guy being chased by a bunch of people, having no pick but to puzzle out together to get somewhere, hat each former at first, but over clock time, learning to value one another as individuals. oscitance. add to that, the fact that our film in reality has bad guy world health organization be all dressed in black, drive black cars and smutty vans, and run roughly with all kinds of telecommunicative devices disperse around their head. not too conspicuous, eh? call me a party - pooper, but as much as iodin like a nice cheezy movie as much as the side by side guy, this film exactly doesn ' t still try to do anything original operating room jolly entertaining. one cool scene with a boat careening pop a versant, and another with a atomic twist obliterating everything on an island, do non a sport, buddy - action flick make. appearance cuba the money, everybody! : ) fiddling known facts about this film and information technology stars: this is non a little known fact or anything, just damn, be it scarce me operating theatre does skeet ulrich look an awful lot alike great - looking actor johnny depp? skeet ' s real - life story nicknames include chester, skeeter and mosquito. atomic number 2 stands 6 ' 1 ", be stick out in north carolina, and got married in 1997 to that sex - kitten actress from clay pigeon (7. 5 / x ), georgina cates. they own a farm together in virginia and seven frump. trapshooting birth a long scar on his chest from open - ticker surgery done when helium was x to correct a ventricle shortcoming. actor cuba gooding jr. was bear in the bronx, new house of york. in 1984, helium break - danced during the closing ceremony of the olympic games in los angeles. he stand fin ' 10 ". actress hudson leick, world health organization plays one of the " bad guy / girls " in his movie, embody better do it from her purpose as " callisto " on the popular television receiver serial publication " xena: princess warrior ". this film reportedly receive a budget of $ 40 zillion?? iodin ' m not exactly sure where all this money went, but it for certain perform non read onscreen. interestingly plenty, director hugh andrew johnson, who makes his big screen debut with this photographic film, was the cinematographer on the 1996 film ashen squall and the 1997 demi moore vehicle, g. i. jane (6. 5 / x ). 