i want to comprise involve in show business one day. and unity refuse to do any sequel to any movie i may make because i believe they only bugger off defective. this motion picture show proves it for maine. unity was a little worried about the last batman film, as i thought book of joel schumaccer, taking over from tim sir richard burton, would have a go at it information technology upward. i also assumed val kilmer would screw improving as bruce john wayne. they didn ' thyroxin. kilmer did a good line, and the cast was left to carry the movie, which they do (even jim carrey as the riddler and i ass ' t stand jim carrey ), because schumaccer messed up the direction with his glitzy gotham and his awkward television camera angles. this film cost different. the cast is still telling, just here, non only does schumaccer mess up with the direction (he ' s one of those directors who ' s good with thespian, terrible with camera angle ), simply writer akiva goldsmith doesn ' t really hold an impressive cast anything to do. the cast is impressive: clooney be a surprisingly good mad anthony wayne / batman, o ' donnell is a crafty robin as usual, they could ' ve casted somebody better as batgirl (my friend likes neve joseph campbell ), but silverstone be not speculative, and thurman is a upright poison ivy. the major problem be schwarzenegger, who is a horrific freeze. his accent comprise so heavy, you give the sack ' t understand what he says, and the trouble with action stars like him is they cannot act, and they know information technology, but they figure that if they flex their muscles, say a limited amount of poppycock, and kill a bunch of guys, then they picture nobody ' ll notice. that ' s the trouble with pine tree state, * i * notice. schwarzenegger come not deserve billing terminated clooney, or as much money as he got for this, but hollywood thinks atomic number 2 does. patrick jimmy stewart was the individual iodin ' five hundred heard that was regard to play freeze, and helium would ' ve been so much better. or sean connery, but not arnold " iodine ' g not an actor, simply i toy one and only in real life " schwarzenegger. i realize that you must comprise a star to play a major role in a batman plastic film, but it would ' ve be nice if they ' d casted a star that had talent for the role. akiva oliver goldsmith ' s screenplay avoids some stuff that happens in a normal batman film. in a steady batman film, they ' five hundred concentrate on the relationship with the girlfriend a little to a greater extent, but elle macpherson ' s julie madison is thusly limited hither that we never get a substantial sense of who she is. there is talk of the town of a 5th batman movie. my interest to see it is low, just i trust information technology ' s good than this. if you don ' t need to ware your time, rent any of the other batman picture show from blockbuster. any early. 