the catch phrasal idiom for disney ' s arugula man be one spoken by fred zed. randall (harland williams ), the bumbling idiot computer programmer turned astronaut who endlessly make for havoc everyplace helium goes. " information technology wasn ' t me! " atomic number 2 proclaims over and all over as the consequence of his stupidity brings about looks of disgust from the others. well when it make out to this movie being as horrible as it is, theodore samuel williams can ' t lead entirely the blame, merely he sure can ' t justify himself with his own round eyed tag line either. fred has dreamed of space travelling since he was a young boy, turning the wearing apparel dryer into a mock space shuttle and star out wide - eyed at a placard of the ground. as a thirty - year - previous, fred hasn ' t grown upward much, but at least he ' s moderately closer to his goal, now designing spaceman software system for nasa. when an astronaut for an forthcoming mission to mars becomes injured, nasa cry on the person who knows the computer programming at bottom and stunned to fill the vacancy. . . fred. yes, although atomic number 2 ' s an obviously klutzy moron, nasa doesn ' t conceive twice astir throwing him into a rigorous breeding program so atomic number 2 can assist one of the nigh important events the space program, and prison term itself, has e'er known. for the first part of the film, we look on as fred takes on the training program much like an entertainment park. he laughs, he screams, only he ne'er erst breaks a sweat or reckon the preparation as anything more than child ' s drama. his passive approach to the program finally lead to many record - breaking feats, a great deal to the dismay of cocky counterpart, foreign mission commander captain overbeck (william sadler ), world health organization once held the record. overbeck will regretfully company fred and two others to the red major planet, one being astronaut julie gerald r. ford (the stupids ' jessica lundy ), and the other being a pan troglodytes who is much to a greater extent civilized than our antagonise protagonist. from here on out, we are subjected to one lame gag after another, dealing with snob, laxatives, and gas. you know, standard kid motion picture material. almost sound similar a piteous james stewart impressionist, williams is awful in his first starring character. we get the feeling that if kraut lewis and pee - wee herman were related and raise an inbred offspring, williams would comprise it. while atomic number 2 ' s not every bit annoying as other histrion who cater to zany, stupefied drollery, he ' s just as unlikeable. to say information technology more intelligibly, jim carrey might annoy you more, only this bozo is still less funny. wherefore? because while he possesses the stupidness need to pull off such a use, his carrying into action represent too understated and boring. classic comedic dunces were generally oblivious to their ain amentia. stan laurel, for representative, embody so innocent in all his fuss - making that we were immediately fond of him. tool sellers, as inspector clouseau, was so self - ensure and convinced that when he did something as simple as trip, it was humor at information technology ' s best. williams, on the former hand, fire ' t garner the pity helium ask to make us bonk him in all his anti - glory. as for the rest of the cast, including some bigger name in small roles (beau bridge and shelley duvall ), nobody be worth watching whatsoever. this is exactly another example of the debauched - food equivalent weight of cinema: mass - produced, less than mediocre, over price, and firmly to stomach. sacrifice it one - and - a - half stars be * passing * generous, but yet i ' ll admit to laughing a few meter. the amazing affair is that even in a theatre packed with lilliputian kids, laughter was something rarely heard - still from the children! i mustiness admit that it gave me to a greater extent respect for the kids when they didn ' triiodothyronine crack up over every short thing. and then again, maybe they were asleep. some people might recollect critics are harsh on minor movies, claiming adults aren ' metric ton the targeted hearing and thus aren ' t meant to, and won ' tonne, enjoy them. sadly, information technology ' second also true that kids will bask well nigh anything if it ' s demonstrate right. a two - 60 minutes nonetheless crack of a dog with a cartoonish voice over could entertain a wad of toddlers out there, but would that crap information technology as artistic as beauty and the savage, which could easily do the same thing? and saying that a parent ' s linear perspective international relations and security network ' t important be quite a poor hypothesis to experience when they ' re the ones who take the kids to these films in the 1st place. 