when i was club, one started buy the coolest toy figures in my local department store. masters of the universe was the pinnacle of what iodine was after for action figure: they combined science fable and phantasy, had cool names corresponding mekanek and stinkor and each came with it own little comic book to read. of course, the animated serial produced by filmation remains unmatchable of the most wildly successful television product in world history. given the tremendous success of the toys and the cartoon (not to mention its moderately successful spin - off she - ra: princess of king ), information technology make up inevitable that a production company would put two and 2 unitedly, come with the result of " trillions " and crap a live - action masters movie. let ' s cost blunt: masters of the universe is a very big picture. the report is painfully dull and psyche - numbingly cliched (hands up who * wouldn ' t * guess atomic number 2 - man and skeletor take their combat into the real world) and is acted come out by either incredibly untalented doer (dolph lundgren as he - man for one) or good actors (james tolkan, meg foster) given such awful characters and dialogue that they can ' t help just seem terrible. it cost extremely clear that someone attain the movie wanted information technology to be as unspoiled as star warfare. we have the foreign bounty hunters, the desert skif technology, stormtrooper lookalikes and a melodious score thence reminiscent of john theodore samuel williams that " deja vu " be too polite a term to use in describing information technology. " blatant uninspired ripoff " would look more appropriate. tv set fans power desire to check out courtney cox (monica in friends) and robert duncan mcneill (lt paris in star trek: voyager ), very early in their careers and not doing to well in them either. so in the face of such fatuous sub - mediocrity, be there anything to make passe partout of the universe charles frederick worth watching at all? yes, there follow. one incredible estimable reason. his name is frank langella. langella has always been one of the underrated doer of hollywood, appearing in innumerable films over the years. hither helium plays skeletor, the scoundrel of the piece. dressed in opulent black velvet robes and bearing a skull for a face, helium is one component part darth vader, one part emperor and ii component part grim harvester. pass on this character, langella falls right into it with style and precision. skeletor is believable, interesting and manages to trample the hunky dory line between live a homage to the preceding and startlingly original in his ain right. masters of the world. i remember loving it when i was eleven. at twenty one it ' s unmanageable to see why. but, as i said, it is blessed with a superlative villain who make the total matter worth the tedium of the residue. besides, this year marks the film ' s tenth day of remembrance. watch it with some friends for a good jape and celebrate. 