in the class 2029, captain leo davidson (mark wahlberg, " boogie night ") be training ' his ' chimp pericles to pilot a pod from the usaf oberon space place. when an electromagnetic violent storm constitute run across and pericles ' pod is lost, davidson sets come out unauthorized and land grand of years in the future tense on the " planet of the apes. " maybe if 20th century fox had set the proverbial 100 chimp in front of typewriters they would have gotten a better results than this adaptation of the pierre boulle novel by william broyles junior. (" cast away " ), and lawrence konner & fall guy d. rosenthal (" mighty joe young " ). director tim burton ' s unique look and style be nowhere to be found in this silly, unpointed remaking. davidson no sooner lands than helium finds himself cost swarmed by savages go in terror, whom he wisely join. however, he ' southward rounded upwards with the lot of them by the apes which rule this plant and handed ended to slave trader oblivion (paul giamatti, " duets " ). ari (helena bonham james earl carter, " fight down club " ), daughter of the illustrious senator sandar (david warner, " titanic ") and simian bleeding pith, trust humans should live with apes on adequate standing, an unpopular feeling. she take a liking to leo, world health organization she view as ' unusual. ' general thade (tim philip milton roth, " golden numbers ") is of the diametric public opinion, wishing for proclamation of martial law that will permit him to annihilate the subspecies. he ' s sweet on ari. information technology ' s relatively easy to see where this ' fresh ' story is endure from the onset, yet its ultimate revelation of saint john the divine make gaping logic holes. the much ballyhooed ' surprise ' ending be a preposterous let down. an try at a love triangle, conveyed by ari and the human daena (estella warren, " driven ") giving each early ' backward turned ' looks ended lion, fails because atomic number 2 never develops a relationship with either of them. the lone sex scene is some screaming arousal between elderberry bush orangutan senator nado (glenn shadix) and his trophy married woman nova (burton ' s power play, lisa marie ). guffaw will also potential greet charlton heston ' s cameo as thade ' s sire, the i aper harboring a firearm (!) who sputters some real familiar lines before dying. the lone genuine winner of the 2001 " planet of the apes " embody rick bread maker ' s makeup, and yet that ' s an iffy affair. no attempt was made to change the human white of the worker ' eye, a material distraction amidst some otherwise impressive study. philip roth, warner and michael clarke duncan (as thade ' s right paw man attar) are given the most telling makeovers. giamatti looks more than alike a skull than an ape and the female emulator are too humanized to be feed sexual appeal. tim roth delivers the most impressive acting business by receive the body spoken communication veracious - his nasty chimpanzee case leaps about, most spectacularly when mounting his steed, but even ' s helium ' s undone by some obvious wire work. bonham carter delivers a goodish range of emotion from behind a stiff prosthetic, but represent ruined in turn by the silliness of the writing. most of the film cause a set bound look which no measure of mist potty insure. the ape ' s urban center resembles a dank building complex of tree houses. the ape ' military costumes (colleen atwood, " sleepy empty ") as well as their field tent be reminiscent of eiko ishioka ' s work on francis ford coppola ' s " dracula. " that oriental flavor is too retrieve in danny elfman ' s tribal, percussive score. " satellite of the ape " was the net smash hit hope for the summertime of 2001, a dismal movie season that ' s going to the dogs. 