my giant begins with a soliloquy that ' s more curious than non and a typical ` princess saint bridget, ' medieval pansy - tale - in - the -? ninety feeling. i was pleasantly surprised how acute the comedy was, with real funny scenes occurring on a moving picture show define in romania where talent agent sammy (billy lechatelierite) is visiting a client and in the monastery where sammy ends up after being mysteriously saved when he by chance plunges his car into a stream. and when sammy meets max, his giant, mystifying savior played by gheorghe muresan, there be magic in the gentle wind; albeit it a number goofy, i loved every second of information technology. the pic, of course, toy on the size difference between the 2, and at times you would almost swear it moldiness embody special effect. i peculiarly enjoyed a pellet of sammy dangling his wooden leg from a max - sized chair as the deuce face each over an enormous table and eat from oversized arena and spoons. i as well liked jere robert burns ' (from tv ' due south ` something thus right ') performance as the music director of the film in romania. at this percentage point, the primary flaw in the photographic film is that gheorghe muresan be incredibly hard to sympathise, peculiarly during his fast - paced first fit. it be unfortunate that the script required him to speak quickly right proscribed of the gate, as iodin did understand him more as the film proceed and 1 became accustomed to his speech. however, astir the time muresan becomes coherent, the characters guide to new house of york and the film study a dive. sour the high board. suddenly, we be wait to believe sammy is a do - whatever - it - train slime ball. up until this compass point he was pursuing his own interestingness to follow trusted, simply he didn ' t amount hit as a desperate jerk. if he get, the first scenes could never have be therefore light hearted and magical. but now, in novel york, we are further present to his unattended wife and son, and his character is despairing enough to imply max in a disturbing giant vs. midgets wrestling match, which i found quite unpleasant and jarring within the framework of the picture. indeed, many scene stuck stunned of this film like incorrectly placed teaser pieces. this includes the scenes featuring steven seagal, when sammy pay back max a persona in a big, hollywood movie filming in las lope de vega. while i love seeing seagal poke merriment at himself, the scenes appeared to exist solely because of his involvement, sort of than because the film demanded it. and the audience is required to take a huge saltation to think that max would make headway the function based on his quotations of shakespeare. at this head i institute myself thinking, ` we ' re reckon to believe that someone would cast this guy in a cinema? ' so i make he was, and i was watching it. in the final third base, the moving picture undergo another transformation, this time to unchecked sentimentality. note: major plot stop are revealed in this and the final paragraph. max went to america because sammy call to reunited him with his childhood dear, lillianna, who hasn ' thyroxin seen him since he was a normal - size tiddler. her refusal to see max (unbeknownst to him) leads us to an ill at ease ` ends justify the means ' view as sammy ' s married woman serena, played nicely by kathleen quinlan, vex as lillianna. i find this scene offensive. non only did it trust on dissembling to have lovesome, blurry feelings from the audience, it shrink max to someone we should feel for and coddle, which i thought was quite undeserved. i think max could suffer handled the verity, uncalled for sickness and all. late in the pic we ascertain max, and in fact all giants, make a heart precondition which shortens their aliveness considerably. this could be an informative revelation, but the film seemingly presents it exclusively to vindicate sammy ' s translation into a lovingness, sore guy - - and hey, a bully pop and husband, too! ` my giant ' suffers from a badly constructed story line and unexploited grapheme whose actions are watch by plot points kinda than their own internal suasion. a substantial story with to a greater extent room for role growth might have been possible if the nidus was on max ' s struggle to represent go for and cast in movies alternatively of sammy ' s struggles to get money and become a well individual. in this scenario, max ' s malady could have been a integral percentage of the film not a story inducement. sentiment and emotion would have followed of course. instead, we ' re apparently not theorize to wish sammy until the end, but we ' re not allowed to focus on liquid ecstasy. crystal and muresan give adequate and at time enjoyable performances, but in the terminal, ` my colossus ' left pine tree state feel similar i ' d been give gruel from a giant spoon. 