the rubric is taken from the writings of ralph waldo emerson describing the life of a traveller as ' anyplace just here. ' in that respect isn ' t unmatchable thing about this mother - daughter relationship melodrama that felt good. it relies on a throw minor character to tell both mother and daughter what was obvious to do in order to straighten out their dysfunctional life, as for some reason they couldn ' t figure information technology verboten for themselves. if the film looks intimate, that is because " the slums of beverly pitcher's mound (ninety eight) " went over the same ground but be fortunate to equal more comical and perceptive due to alan arkin and natasha lyonne performances, in which they were fortunate to ingest a much sharper script to sour with. alvin john singer sargent ' s script was weak and annoyingly claustral. john wayne wang ' s (" the joy hazard social club ") inept centering made a rickety script even weaker by his inability to enjoin the story stretch without the voiceover relating what the action couldn ' t convey. pushy mother adele aug (susan sarandon) forces her fourteen - yr - one time daughter ann (natalie portman) to leave a pocket sized midwestern burg to lead cross - country with her to beverly hills. the girl resents her twice divorced, unstable but alien, schoolteacher mother, push around her to make up an actress as a means of escaping a humdrum life. the daqughter doesn ' t even like the exploited gold mercedes mother buys to drive to lala landed estate in and can ' t stand the beach boys records mom enjoy hearing on the car radio. so it becomes a question of world health organization acknowledge best, as the lady fight information technology out between them, until the predictable fresh finish comes in this yawner. adele ' s dream of greener pastures in beverly hills soon doesn ' t look that good, as she lands a job in a slum school, have her precious cable car fray by the unruly kids, and settles into a job she detest in order to financially survive. daughter pines for small town wisconsin river and her booster there. during one of many arguments with her free - game mom, they go for ice cream and while mother is constitute ticketed, she runs aside, only to be chased down by well disposed dealings bull (michael milhoan ), who offers her wise counsel. with the cop ' s window pane wisdom passed onto the daughter, she will survive living in many different computer address in beverly hills until she reaches seventeen and then she plans to get way from mom by using her good grades to kick the bucket to brown university or else of ucla. during their stay in beverly hills, she grows from feeling awkward in beverly hills mellow to immediately having many high school girlfriend and even a high school robust male child admirer - - a t. mho. t. s. eliot (corbin allred) reader. but the conversion of her sprightliness into beverly hills hold no flavor of reality, as everything seemed arranged and restrained. when she learns her cousin benjamin kubelsky (shawn hatosy ), who happens to equal her secure friend dies in a traffic chance event back in wisconsin, she returns for the funeral and in those reunion scene it wasn ' t understandably shown why she wants to quell there, and for that matter, it was never made clear why the mother wants to go forth so badly. the film cost one big battle of wills between mother and daughter complete their dreams. i guess what the filmmaker embody trying to say, is that mom is a bad dreamer and the daughter is the observant one and only, able bodied to recognize mother ' s fault when non in develop pains and in need of parenting herself. mother get a serial publication of setbacks, corresponding being dumped by her ambition - boat dentist (bochner) she fit on the beach, and witnessing her daughter mime her whiny optimistic saying when strain out for an acting part. but mother learns that her daughter has turn - up and is independent and that she give birth to blockade living her life done her. she learns this when the like stephen samuel wise cop who tell ann what to do, is astir to fine her and this fourth dimension will remind the female parent of the right thing to do. this of course outcome in the corny ending, showing that mom ' s heart exist always in the right lieu, only she go astir information technology in the amiss way. this was just one of those film where you desire to equal anywhere but in the theater where this film is showing. 