robert i willis needs to stay away from straightforward military action movie. quicksilver rising adds to a develop list (including such so and so as the canis aureus, final man stand up, striking distance and the last boy scout) of stale actioners helium has headline. and though mercury rising tries to spice things upwards by throwing an autistic kid in the mix, it is every bit as stale. art jeffries (bruce thomas willis) be your typical tormented fbi agentive role. you know the case, haunted by his job, yet so effective at what he does that even physically assaulting another broker merely gets him a smack on the wrist. enter simon (miko hughes ), an autistic son, who, like rain human being and all other autistic citizenry, comprise a pundit. he can merely stare at a super - encrypted subject matter, and, while little data processor bleep go polish off in his head, he can sympathize what information technology says. course, this natural endowment has brought him to the attention of the federal governing. lt. col. nicholas kudrow (alec baldwin ), an nsa functionary bubbling over with evil, receive expend countless time and money implementing the new " unbreakable " computer code, mercury. withal, when two of his underlings (robert stanton and bodhi yearn elfman) release a mercury - encrypted message in a puzzle magazine as a final test of its effectiveness, herb simon cracks the code. naturally, this infuriates kudrow, who sends a terminator - alike gunslinger (lambert. lambert. ginter) to eradicate the security hazard. and that ' siemens where art jeffries come in. for some intellect that ' s never explained in the film, the federal bureau of investigation be call in to help, and through a series of intricate intrigue, artistic creation becomes the sole protector of the young autistic boy. in a few unrealistic sequences, atomic number 2 enlists the aid of a alien, stacey (kim charles dickens ), to help out, but she follow commit rattling little to do overall. the central concept behind mercury insurrection is ludicrous. why bother trying to shoot down the tyke. .. i mean value, who would know? it ' s not like the kid (oregon anyone else for that matter) knew helium comprise crack a government activity super - cypher. and yet if helium is eliminated, what does that service? atomic number 2 ' s already proven that mercury put up be broken. there ' sulphur perpetually the chance that someone else would crack it. .. but i speculation without a kid in jeopardy, there ' due south non much of a movie here. for all its fault, the film really starts comparatively well (once you pass the painfully conversant teaser ). the film vamper with developing real characters, and a illusion of a plot of ground. .. and so mr.. terminator the hitman appear and everything start going downhill. .. cursorily. miko hughes come a decent job, for his long time, at create a touching functioning. however, don river ' t lead to this film looking for any new insights into autism (non that many hoi polloi leave ). instead atomic number 2 merely suit the late unique partner in a workaday buddy - cop movie (mean bull and a one half. .. with a twist! ) willis and baldwin cost merely overplaying to type. rather than create a nuanced quality, baldwin simply oozes sliminess. and for willis ' constituent, he just recycles the stock role of the loner cop / federal bureau of investigation factor (which he take honed in the die hard series ). as almost an afterthought, about halfway through with, the moving picture show carelessly gives him a fiber trait (an addiction ), and then cast it in the next scenery. but the fully grown problem with mercury rise make up the screenplay. this moving picture wasn ' t considerably thought out at all. the film goes to sinful lengths to pad in every bit many convenient coincidence as possible. the carbon paper scene solo is despicable of the most fleeceable audience extremity. at first the risky scene scarce trickle in, but by the gruesomely bad finale they ' re a unquestionable flood. the film ' mho few decorous moments hail in the conformation of big caper (mainly from the geeks who develop the supercode ). but they ' re non about enough to make the film worthwhile. quicksilver insurrection exist a thriller that you ' re more likely to groan at than cheer. 