phil (radmar jao) has a hairy problem. his byssus exist growing so quickly that atomic number 2 has to shave every hour. he recently met the author of a non - fiction book on lycanthropy, too refer to in the movie as werewolfism, and phil now believes that his problem is that helium cause become a lycanthrope. use enough range and handcuffs to be a hit at a sadomasochist conventionality, helium tie himself in at night lest his urges overcome him. and phil personify barely one of the many quirky characters that inhabit shopping for fangs. made on a pittance, the film features an well nigh only asiatic - american cast. as channelize by quentin spike lee and justin maya lin, the movie is so amateurishly bad that it could almost be a parody of indie films. jeanne chin plays katherine, a meek and delicate - spoken wife, world health organization worries that her married man be unhappy with her because she is non giving him enough sex. we cognise this through the eternal scenes of her fink her sins, real and imagined, to her healer. as her hubby, jim, clint jung play a muscleman man with a macho crudeness. the picture be filled with stereotype. there ' s a mysterious, loud - mouth waitress with a bad, platinum blonde wig who blow to everyone she meet that she ' s a sapphic. she spend most of the movie redact the move on her favourite customer, a gay guy. and the lone white with a major role, the author on werewolfism, take wildly unkempt, orangey blonde, curly hair. from information technology opening picture of an attempted rape at knifepoint to its easy to guess end twist, the book rarely has anything to offer. the story is so minimally developed that information technology feels about like the actor were advertizement - libbing. one can only when hope that the directors ' succeeding film bequeath experience some subject matter and some credible acting. shopping for fangs runs 1: thirty. information technology live rated r for sex, violence, and profanity and would make up fine for old teenagers. 