atomic number 53 ' ll comprise the first to admit it. when you mention the rule book great expectations, i right away begin experiencing flashbacks to junior high english class, where ace be confronted with a excruciatingly boring book sate with people with such nonsensical names as pip and magwitch. yes, information technology ' s a classic of lit, but information technology was a rather dry ane, squeeze down my young throat alike a spoon of acrid medicine. certainly, the experience wasn ' t truly that bad, just, to quote ethan hawke in the latest movie adaptation of aver book, " iodine ' m non going to tell the story the way information technology happened. .. i ' ll gonna tell it the mode i call back information technology. " anyway, to return from nostalgia lane, and get back to the present, hollywood, in information technology ' s trendy try to modernize the classics, now presents an updated film variant of peachy expectations. or else of pip, this meter the fundamental case exist named finn (played as a boy by jeremy kissner, and by ethan hawke as an grownup ). finn be an orphan be raised by his unfaithful sister maggie, or should that make up mrs. joe, (kim charles john huffam dickens ), and her boorish fisher hubby, joe (chris james fenimore cooper ). the scene is the florida coast during the mid - seventy. finn is a blooming artist, and spends his time running around the beach delineate fish (ace of his two favorite subjects ). during unity of these escapades, he literally stumbles upon an escaped criminal (robert deniro ). borrowing a page from the superhuman max cady, deniro ' s criminal have a seemingly limitless lung capacity, and favor hiding on the ocean storey. oklahoma. .. maybe that ' s an hyperbole, simply he certainly beats any of houdini ' sec phonograph recording in the opening scenes of the moving picture show. and that ' s zilch next to the fuel efficiency of finn ' s motorboat, simply i digress. in any event, finn does the convict a good human action, simply to show that he ' s a actually dandy guy. and then the plot moves on. enter miss havisham. .. or ms. dinsmoor hither (anne bancroft ). abandoned at the altar some xxvi years ago, ms. dinsmoor represent the epitome of the crazy copious old maidservant. with bizarre clothing, eccentric mannerism and a few pounds of makeup, anne bancroft seriously overacts in this role. although she ends up nowhere close a believable theatrical role, she make add some humor to the film. joe is rent to help with the gardening at her unkempt manner, only the insane ms. dinsmoor soon hire finn to exist a toy for her niece, estella (raquel beaudene as a young girl, gwyneth paltrow as an grownup ). for no unmistakable grounds, other than to provide the main plot of the film, finn is instantly stricken for the estella. perhaps it ' s her snooty posture beaver state her utter disdain for his person, or maybe finn get simply ne'er met a girl before. in any case, neither as children nor adults, chemistry only doesn ' t exist between the deuce, and yet finn spends the remainder of the film pin for her. even when, as an grownup, finn arrives in fresh house of york at the behest of a inscrutable benefactor, reacquaints himself with estella, and imbibe her portrait in the nude, in that location ' s nil. in fact, there is more intimate tension between helen william holman hunt and greg kinnear ' s gay artist during a standardized scene in as good as it incur. at this point, the consultation has grown as cold and detached as estella ' s theatrical role, and couldn ' t caution less astir the two theatrical role. the bulk of the rap here falls upon gwyneth paltrow. she fails to imbue estella, a outside character in the book, with still the wispy traces of humanity. there ' s obviously something untimely when, watching the moving picture, you ' re more concerned with how big her nose looks in silhouette than you are about her character. without a substantial estella, finn ' s fixation seems baseless. you wish helium would just stop whining, let estella marry his challenger, walter plane (an oddly muted hank azaria ), and scarcely get on with his life. in fact, the ii relationships that work in the film are purely digressive to the main plot. finn ' s relationship with his chum - in - legal philosophy, joe, be interesting, if a bit stereotypical. what ' s to a greater extent fascinating are his interaction with deniro. although information technology ' s only a minute part, information technology goes to show how much life force a strong thespian can create. it is apparent that director alfonso cuarsn set a lot of work in creating the imagination of the flick. some of the shaft work, but others be also obviously staged (for example, both of the pee fountain scenes) to feature any impact. finn ' s prowess (actually the conception of italian felis concolor, francesco clemente) is utilise throughout the cinema, but information technology largely fails to have the intended gist. we ne'er see wherefore finn would generate this style of art, which is simultaneously crude and insightful. as a issue, it ends up every bit remote as the rest of the film. modernizing the classics is presently in trend (merely go through william shakspere ' s romeo + juliet ). simply update the action to a innovative setting, and put on plenty of modern rock music. simply such adornments cause little to perk upward great expectations. equally much as unity dread the novel when unity first read information technology, you ' vitamin d probably cost better off suffering though a meter reading than watching this romanceless film. 