michael richards leaves his smirch as kramer on the infamous seinfeld goggle box sitcom for a stint as a lanky, sappy best supporter to jeff daniels ' attorney part in this ill - fated, and unfunny, " comedy ". plot: richard the actor (ivor armstrong richards) has to take the position of charles the lawyer (daniels) in a real court case, after charles comprise allow for unintelligible from a night of heavy drink at his bachelor at arms company. the motion picture show follows the antic of the two men as they try on to dumbfound away with their tomfoolery. review: this movie did not get maine laugh once. perhaps information technology was because i was tired when i check information technology. peradventure. perhaps it was because ace had seen richards perform most of the same schtik a one thousand sentence on seinfeld. peradventure. perhaps it was because the movie simply wasn ' t funny. perfectly. the lack of humour wasn ' t the only issue that iodin hold with this pic either. the pic attempts to weave a couple of love stories done information technology vision, but unfortunately, they are as well miss in condemnation, believability and credibleness. they are contrived and come along to be placed into the story for public convenience sake. the actors were all adequate plenty in their use, but the problem didn ' t lie in the acting. i wish i could find i good reason for you to go out this wasteland of time, but i fundament ' t. unless of grade, you need something playing on your tv set while you pine away some metre around the house. overall, this movie stink. on the good side, charlize theron is darn cute, and the motion picture is no more longer and then ninety minutes. on the spoiled side, this movie be not funny, interesting surgery pleasurable in any which way potential. a individual wouldn ' t yet enjoy his nacho while watching this emptiness. please skip information technology. little known fact: jonathan lynn earn a level in law from cambridge before becoming an actor / director. charlize theron grow upwards on a farm outside benoni, south africa, as the solitary shaver. at the years of 18 her female parent get her go to los angeles to try a career in the movie industry. she amount to la without knowing anyone in the urban center but after two weeks when she was put up in ancestry on hollywood boulevard an agent give her his placard. after eight months in lanthanum she suffer her initiatory part. since then she suffer taken acting lessons and her vocation has skyrocket, specifically in devil ' s proponent (8 / 10 ). charlize was narrowly beat out by elizabeth berkley for the lead part in the " pic ", chorus girl. she was quoted as say " it was like i hold some guardian angel. " 