and just when you thought joblo was getting a little soft around the corners, non paygrade anything lower than your standard " this movie sucks ", along comes this cinematic atrocity and he ' s forced to take out his secret weapon and spray it with a stench so thick, even the bravest movie - goer would think twice about seeing this thriftlessness of time. yes, despite comprise a third sequel to a successful original movie, the latest highlander doesn ' t look to receive anything going for it. oh crappy movie, rent me enumerate thee ways. .. game: (from what i understood) a really bad highlander dude comes to the present looking to whack kayoed the gracious highlander dudes in order to gain their power and become the mighty immortal. .. or something along those tune. review article: a complete and utter mess. disjointed, incoherent, boring, corny, occupy with bad duologue. .. and that ' s just the beginning xxx minutes! this movie doesn ' tetraiodothyronine appear to know what to do with itself. it ' s confusing to anyone world health organization doesn ' t know the series (1 include myself in that group) and apparently idiotic to those who coif know the serial (i let in die - hard scottish highlander lover the pointer in that group ). the picture doesn ' t explain anything about itself. .. it hardly goes from one inexplicable situation to another. one instant they ' re in the present meter, the succeeding moment, they ' re in italy in the 1600s. wherefore? world health organization knows. what are they talking about? no estimation. flashbacks mix in with the present, mixed in with a few spontaneously cheesy conflict sequences every now and over again, and i even remember seeing one flashback prospect which went even further into its ain flashback prospect!! how do you do. .. ?!? confused until now? atomic number 53 was and i fundamentally contain giving a crap about anyone in the cinema when 1 pull in that neither the writer or director was concerned in presenting me with any kind of semblance of a story. random swordplay, mad soap - like dudes showing upward in motorcycles in the 1800s? or were they in the present at that metre? who know. .. and to personify honest. .. world health organization gravely cares! this series should birth been shoot down in the head and put out of its ain misery a long time ago, merely woefully, someone at the studio apartment decided that information technology still had a little life time left in information technology. please, please. .. for the love of divinity and all that is holy in the populace of movie - qualification, and mostly out of respect for those who bed the original plastic film, put this series to bed and end information technology! even christopher lambert knew plenty to play second fiddle to adrian paul the apostle in this one. the director also tries to cause the best he can with the muddle material, but all he could come up with comprise plenty of slo - bit action, some fast - motility fight prospect and lots of smoking everywhere. and cost there anything spectacular astir the sword - period of play or fight scenes? nope. and i opine we all could have done without totally those zooming lambert look close - ups. .. yipes, the man is non age gracefully, is atomic number 2? oh boy, and i haven ' t still gotten around to the not bad piece of over - acting that i ' ve seen in eld. the man who plays kell in this movie, david bruce payne, should perplex a jambon trophy for literally chewing up every piece of scene that atomic number 2 gets near. overact is not a hobby for this cat. .. information technology ' reciprocal ohm a bread and butter! he ' mho also very funny, non purposely though. all in all, the film stink. nuff suppose. 