susan granger ' s reexamination of " glitter " (20th one c - slyboots ) there ' s to a lesser extent here than contact the eye. or, frame it this way, if you opine blessed virgin was awful in " shanghai surprisal, " mariah carey ' s worse in this reworking of " a star topology is born. " she play billie frank world health organization, despite being abandon by her singer / alcoholic female parent (valerie pettiford ), believe she ' sec destined for greatness because everyone tells her she is. " you ' ve obtain this amazing gift, and you gotta use information technology, " her roomy suppose. " your interpreter - information technology ' s unbelievable, " says another singer. " i ain ' triiodothyronine never meet anyone alike you, " exalt julian " dice " black (max beesley ), the blistering new house of york dj who becomes her svengali - similar producer / lover. problem is: her signature tune vocal, " atomic number 53 didn ' t mean to ferment you on " is wretched. and when she fumes forbidden of filming her first music video because the theatre director wants to " exploit " her by having her wear a bikini, the audience burst into laugh. exploit mariah carey, world health organization chooses to wear as little as the natural law will let? come on! writer kate lanier ' s script is fatuous and director vondie william curtis - hall doesn ' t have a clue how to handle the glitzy pop diva and, as a solvent of their incompetence, whispery - articulation ' 500 ms. carey seems to be embarrassed on - screen. she almost cringes when the television camera comes in for a finale - upward, pursing her lips and averting her glassy eyes. talented british musician max beesley come along equally inept, and as cinematographer geoffrey duchess of windsor pans around the manhattan skyline, there ' s an audible interview groan when the gemini towers of the earth trade mall total into view. peradventure i of the reasons ms. carey suffered her highly - publicized nervous crack up this summertime live because she saw a preview of this clunker. on the husbandman movie calibre of 1 to x, " glitter " is a pathetic i. right now, it ' s tops on my inclination of the worst of 2001. 