* * the following review arrest spoiler * * " please mortal stop joel schumacher before he vomits into a film canister again and tries to perish it cancelled as a movie. " - - chuck dowling, the jacksonville moving picture journal i spell the above sentence in my review for 1997 ' s batman and robin. evidently, no one heard my bible. oh, how i wish you have heard them. oh how i wish somebody had stop him. .. because atomic number 2 ' s done information technology again. the plot of ground of 8mm constitute interchangeable to the 1977 paul schrader film hardcore, a astonishingly decent and engrossing tale. in fact, information technology be everything that 8mm is not. in the opening bit of 8mm, we see individual detective tom welles (nicolas cage) work on a case for a honored penis of the uracil. s. political science. restrain this fact in psyche, cage is believe with an authoritative type, which he solves. he devolve dwelling house to his married woman and new daughter, and even find time to rake his yard (keep on that in mind too, it ' s crucial as well ). he ' s hired by a deep older woman to solve a enigma. after her husband ' s death she comes across a film in his secret safe. it appears to be snuff film, a sort of urban caption of the smut industriousness in which someone is really brutally mutilate for the camera. the charwoman want welles to site the young young woman in the pic, hopefully to disprove that it cost in fact a snuff film. thus he put off on a journey into the sordid hades of sleaze to discover the truth about the film. the main trouble with 8mm is that the whole moving picture is completely pointless. orson welles live in reality take for the case by the old char ' s attorney (anthony heald, an role player who always plays the like type of character, that being a uncollectible guy ). when you first pick up him, your first instinct is that he ' siemens behind the unanimous thing. the choice of casting exercise the film in. then, as welles set about his investigation, at time we will learn a shadowy flesh following him. the solitary somebody it could perhaps be is the attorney (or someone sent by the lawyer) because no 1 knows welles is even look into anything notwithstanding. so your initiative instinct has at once been confirmed. and so, when it be in fact reveal that the lawyer is a part of the whole matter, helium enjoin welles that he was chosen for the case because he was young and inexperienced (in one of those ridiculous " since we ' re going to kill you anyway, why not tell you the whole thing " moments ). simply earlier when we see welles being hired for the fount he ' s tell apart that helium was hired because he comes highly recommended. huh? also, when the attorney reveals himself to be a part of the whole thing, his main goal equal to baffle the moving picture show back. so wherefore did atomic number 2 give it up in the first piazza?! the lawyer had the film the unanimous time, then gave information technology forth to the private detective thought that he would just give way up on the case and yield the film?! it ' s all absurd. .. and this be the screenwriter of seven? tardily in the film there ' s a confrontation between whole the independent eccentric, and after a conflict unmatched of the quality ' s guns ends up underneath a car. batting cage, who has been handcuffed to a bottom, be rapidly try to get to his gun, which is on a table. king james gandolfini ' s character give way for the gun nether the machine in what be supposed to equal a scene of " suspense ". you see, the gun is exactly slightly out of reach from the side of the car atomic number 2 ' s trying to arrive at it from, and so instead of go around the car to the other side (where he can well reach information technology) atomic number 2 just keeps stretching. lead around to the early side of the elevator car!! this goes on for minutes. and then, after cage get his gun, gandolfini then decides it would be well to go about to the other side of the railway car. male child, schumacher be rattling really getting on my nerves. iodine cogitate the concluding husk would be when cage come back home, devastated by everything that he ' s seen on this case, and then be no longer capable to rake his lawn! we actually see a injection of him pathetically poking at leaves in his yard. other things that beleaguer me about 8mm: one would equal the music, if you can phone information technology that. whenever the score begin up, it go like techno medicine, and then this awful indian operating room midway eastern type euphony will keep company it. awful conclusion there joel. another be cage ' s performance. at this item he ' s equal to of a wide range of performance, either unspoilt or bad. for 8mm, he delivers a very wooden one, and entirely shines when helium ' s interact with joaquin phoenix (who gives a great operation as a porn shop class salesclerk with a heart of gold who helps cage with his case ). you ' re subject of much better mr. batting cage. today as for you mr. schumacher. .. i ' m set out to doubt if you ' re capable of anything else besides urinating onto the insane asylum of american cinema. [ radius ] 