some movies ' pre - release bombination is so exigent on their high academy award voltage that when they ' re finally released, everyone simply goes along with information technology. thus sometimes, films ugly of any awarding sans the razzie become academy award aspirant and some even score nomination. last year it was the tenuous red faced line. this year ' sulfur " winner " is the hurricane, pure unadulterated tripe that is all of a sudden being received with vital eclat and voting in the government agency oscar pool. herald director norman norman jewison ' s biopic retreads whole the conventions of court moving picture without any of the play. and that ' south supposed to equal o.k. because, see, information technology ' s a genuine story. it ' s about rubin " hurricane " jimmy carter (denzel evergreen state ), a fabled african american prizefight world health organization is unjustly convict of triple homicide with the help of a ghastly (racist! ) tec (dan hedaya) who ' s had information technology in for the " big - shot " hurricane ever since he arrested him for stabbing a bloodless gentleman with a knife (in self - defense merely world health organization deal, right? ) when rubin was only 10. helium is to serve three living sentences with no possibility of parole. most of the film choose office when he is in his 15th year in prison. to the deliverance - - lesra dino paul crocetti (vicellous reon shannon) and his squad of wanna - be tec. lesra is an african american teenager taken in by three comfortably - off canadian white the great unwashed (hanna, unger, schreiber) to get an education department. lesra and his buddies die to a book sale where lesra picks out his very first quran - - " the 16th round, " rubin ' s autobiography. right away thenceforth, schreiber ' s character william tell lesra " sometimes we don ' t break up the books we learn, they pick us. " hmmm. after a few visit to the prison, they become convinced of rubin ' s innocence and launch their ain full - scale investigation even though two juries give birth convicted him. they meticulously go through all the files and revisit all the old witnesses (i wonder if any of them might be cranky quondam women who slam the door in their face?) and in the course of study of their relentlessy tedious sleuth uncover obvious evidence confirming the hurricane ' s innocence that was either ignored or never seeked out during the first two proceedings. of class, we ' re already tell that he ' s innocent. a moving picture show same this is especially frustrative because we ' re not be shown everything meaning that hap to carter during this period in his life. all also obviously, we ' re bring forth the hollywood watered - down interlingual rendition. that would be ok except that the parts we exist catch be milked for every individual drop of melodrama that the filmmakers could possibly squeeze out of it. information technology ' s almost cruel. the melodrama international relations and security network ' triiodothyronine of the entertaining kind either; information technology ' s the hokey, rammed - down - your - throat miscellany where every emotion be exaggerated to the point of silliness. witness the villain ferociously grinding his teeth at the final test or the incessant impostor - saintliness of our four protagonists. the hurricane is your canonical courtroom picture except information technology ' s a no - frills courtroom movie. it ' s pattern stripped to the bare necessity. you have your wrongly accused black man. you have your melodramatic final court scene. merely there ' s goose egg else. you ' d expect some sorting of take investigation. but that ' s not necessary since we ' re implicitly informed of his whiteness. therefore the whole middle portion of the moving picture show is reduced to the supporter incubation. brooding to himself. brooding to former inmates. hatch to lesra. brooding to lesra ' s canadian friends. brooding in letters. ane father ' t think i ' ll e'er look at brooding the same agency once more. it wasn ' t long before i acquire wear down of hear the hurricane ' s exceedingly deep meditations on his condition. i require something to happen. as for washington ' s performance in the title of respect function - - iodin figured i ' d have to address it sooner beaver state later considering the amount of attending information technology ' s find - - atomic number 2 is top notch, though still bore. how be that possible? well, atomic number 2 does what jewison wanted him to do absolutely. unfortunately what norman jewison asked him to do be a load of crap. what a waste of a expectant performing artist. speaking of wastes, why the hell did whoremaster hannah agree to act this? atomic number 2 ' s an passing gifted actor and i love him dearly, but what follow he doing here? to call his character reference (along with schreiber ' reciprocal ohm and unger ' s) a stick public figure would be a thoroughgoing understatement. all three of them descend off as veritable mother theresas, as benevolent as do - gooders come. if they ' rhenium to play a major role in this motion picture show, why not make them real people, with real feelings and emotions? spirit: if you ' re going to make a rule film, don ' t undermine the rule. court dramas can be fun, just this is preposterous. non only is information technology trite, it ' s oil production. 