the best thing - - in fact, the only good thing - - i can aver astir obscure city be that information technology made me require to go view l. a. confidential over again. beaver state go rent body heat, to see william ache coiffure some real noir. oregon yet - - god help me - - palmetto. alex proyas ' s new movie screams atmosphere. i yell, too, " obtain pine tree state out of this theater! " new line cinema pass billion of dollars make the expressionistic motion picture show noir visuals and pay the actor, and doesn ' t suffer any way to bring it back. i devote $ quaternion. twenty five for a matinee cover and don river ' t induce any way to get my money backward, either. you ' ll hear a lot from early critics astir the look and smell of this movie. i bequeath admit that the cinematographers and costume designers and curing artists and cgi graphics geeks all worked hard to make a stunning, nightmarish future world where information technology ' s always a late night in 1948, complete with circular phones and automats and fedoras. i ' ve got news for you fellows - - i don ' t handle how intemperate you work, or how visually stunning this flick looks - - you wasted your time and mine, working on a movie without a secret plan, without a clear sense of way of where it wanted to go, without a soul or a cause to care. the movie bug out out oh - then - promising. john keith rupert murdoch (rufus sewell) is lie in a bathtub in the sort of poorly hotel that in literal life, would make been board up long ago. there exist a dead, mutilated prostitute in the former room - - a surprise, as helium has mislay his memory. the earphone rings: information technology ' s a sinister - sounding world, claim to be his dr., telling him to flee for his life. all intimately and good, properly? incorrect. apparently, someone decide that the audience was just a morsel too shadowy to figure extinct the intricacies of the game. ( this live become to be a pop assumption in hollywood. ) so, the actual start of the movie is not sewell running for his life, rather, it ' s a voice - over narration by the said doctor (keifer sutherland) excuse exactly what be run on and who be responsible for. it ' s as though sam the piano player had told u.s. that rick and ilsa had been suffer information technology on in genus paris in the first three hour of casablanca. no, time lag, that ' s not fair to casablanca. it ' s to a greater extent like watching a new plotline at the first of the show - - or if you want to know how ane really feel, having an sour - screen narrator explain that gilligan won ' t live arrive off the island in this episode. > from here, the coherence of the plot of ground goes down faster than (insert monica lewinsky put on here ). the character reference just drift around the city aimlessly and bump into each other for no apparent reasonableness, and that ' s what moves the plot of ground. what we ' re left with is a train of unreciprocated inquiry that don ' mt produce any sense. we ' re given foreigner with unlimited omnipotent powers, yet they forget to use them at critical moments and get themselves killed. we ' re given a hero who can " tune " into these like powers, yet he only employ them when it ' s convenient to the plot. we ' re given a hale recollective lean of liberal ends that go nowhere usually, critics will allege that an actor playing an underwritten part " isn ' t yield often to serve. " in this moving picture show, no one exist given anything to do. sewell is given the unimaginable theatrical role of a man who doesn ' t remember anything, and plays information technology like. .. um. .. a man who doesn ' t remember anything. the aliens are grandiloquent, viscid - faced, and bald, and wear long fatal cloaks and fedoras to remind us that they ' re evil - - and on that point ' s a child alien every bit well, straight extinct of an anne rice novel. sutherland be saddle with a limp, a twitchy eye, and a breathy accent to remind us that atomic number 2 ' southward in conference with the aliens. to its credit, dark metropolis boasts deuce impressive bits of cast. william suffering is dead redact as the world - weary inspector send with catching the man who represent murdering fancy woman all terminated the city. jennifer connelly, play sewell ' s erotic love interest, is given deuce all - too - brief moments on projection screen as a lounge singer - - and turn in the sexiest performace this side of jessica rabbit. simply rather of the dogged policeman and the femme fatale given central treatment in the handwriting (the way they would be in any self - respecting noir motion picture) they ' re most tangiential to the patch, such as it is. the trouble with dark city is this: information technology ' s a spoiled science fabrication movie pretense to be film noir. the effect of film noir international relations and security network ' t, as proyas seems to beleive, breathy dialogue or snap - lip stetson or tall, bald malefic villains who would make peter lorre curl up in a niche. dark urban center has not one bit of machination, moral ambiguity, suspense, surgery anything else that keep united states of america coming back to the noir classics. gloomy city is like the intricately carven doorway that kate winslet floats on in titanic. it ' s an exceptionlly substantially - made and intricately designed piece of flotsam, sailing around and around the middle of the ocean, plump nowhere. 