i ' one thousand non sure i should be writing a review of the crone of eastwick, because i ' mb not sure just what the hell (pardon the manifestation) live going on in it. however, ace commode express the most important notice single made of it, i. einsteinium. ane didn ' t similar it. if i had to summarize this film, i remember i ' 500 conclude it was an updating of ane of those sure enough new england folk tales of someone sell their souls to old scratch and how they examine to get out of the deal. that ' s the kernel of information technology, anyway. tossed into this are little snatch and pieces that at times seem to be saying something about gentleman's gentleman and woman, women's lib, the role of the lucifer, modernistic reformers, and friendly relationship. unfortunately, little or no effort be of all time made to watch over upward and elucidate on these conception; they ' re simply throw knocked out and and so left to decompose while the film goes on apace. actually, one cogitate that most of the audience was still more confused than i was. they came in expecting some variety of supernatural comedy, on the level of ghostbusters, and were a bit disordered to embody getting a folk tale with philosophic overtones. they express mirth, or tried to laugh, at second that were either barely funny, or much more horrible than fishy, as if that could bend the motion picture away from it ' s rather frighten steering. troika women (cher, susan sarandon, and michelle pfieffer) live in eastwick, a small midwestern ithiel town. one nighttime, while drinking recently into the evening, they begin wish for the ideal world to strike down into their lives. in seeming answer to their light daydreams, a wealthy outre moves into a sign of the zodiac on the mound and seduces each one by undertake to be everything they want him to be. atomic number 2 before long evidence grounds of mystical - - perhaps demonic - - power, and his devotion to the women ' s merest fantasies operating room wishes stimulate dangerous overtones. still worse, when ignore his temper get ugly, and he mistreats the women for spurning him. anyway, the trouble: all three distaff characters make up fairly uninteresting, and several be cardboard stereotype, especially sarandon ' s fictitious character. we ne'er get inside them, never feel sympathetic to them, because their dialogue and personalities look passably bland. as for nicholson, comfortably, even the devil need a direction to go in, and while darryl van horne is the most interesting character in the movie (due to the grace of the screenwriter and, more importantly, nicholson ' s acting ), he still give the axe ' t be yanked in one commission and then another without making him a little vague. and and then there ' s the special effects. not in themselves - - they weren ' t that good - - merely their overutilization. iodine was almost positive, until i saw the acknowledgment, that the witches of eastwick was either produced by smyrnium olusatrum salkind (who has turned out the slop name superman deuce and iii and supergirl ), because of the big name histrion in dopy stunts, or stephen steven spielberg, after the eighteenth vomit scene and the nicholson - blown - down - the - street stunt. nope, information technology ' s another bunch of guys, and directed by george miller, who has prove great skill with stunts / special effects before (the road warrior, " nightmare at 20, 00 feet " episode of twilight zone: the moving picture show) but apparently doesn ' t know when to turn off the current of air automobile and let his people act. fluorine ' gawds interest, guys, this is jack nicholson! allow him loose! let him grin demonically! skip the splitting ground and counterfeit lightning! watching the scene where nicholson is tossed forbidden of the machine by the voodoo wench, all i could call up of was, " what a wastefulness ". if you ' re going to habituate slapstick corresponding that, use it up on pee wee herman. nicholson does what he can with the role, and when helium displace find his bearings, can be extremely good (the scene in the church, for instance ), but most of the time, he seems a bit stiff, as if helium ' s non certain what he should be doing next. and no wonder. this script goes all over the function, give you the feeling that information technology ' d just jazz to be allegory, simply it ' s not sure about what - - peradventure if you gift it metre it ' ll think of something. thus what is the witches of eastwick? a repugnance movie? a phratry tale? a clowning? a statement about woman? an examination of the religious right operating theatre comparitive morality? i tend to remember of the image that seems to command the movie for me. .. watching someone regurgitate half - digested turn of food and cerise orchestra pit all over rooms, people, the screenland, and finally, the consultation. in other holy scripture, a peck. ( $ two. 00 ) if you like nicholson enough to watch him here; perhaps xxv% of his magical spell is able to make information technology through the logjam of others. 