care motion picture fan: you be about to enter a meaning - free zone. should the sound system malfunction during your viewing of cc fag, come not panic. the film leave make just as well as a dumb movie. chronicling the meaningless life time of vain, yuppie types, the motion picture show plow the same ground as the wilt stillman films (final days of disco, barcelona and metropolitan) but without any of his acerbic wit and the inviting style of his writing. first - time writer shana larsen take the mistake of produce a couple of twelve characters and non giving any of them any depth. there isn ' t unmatchable of these characters worth caring about. the moving picture feature such a cornucopia of hot young stars that it count corresponding a synthetic version of " the great unwashed magazine. " among others, the film lineament: ben affleck, casey affleck, david chappelle, janeane garofalo, gaby roald hoffmann, catherine kellner, courtney love, jay mohr, martha plimpton, christina ricci and saul of tarsus scardinius erythrophthalmus. and unlike people magazine, the people address, not that they have anything interesting to pronounce. information technology ' s raw year ' second eve in 1981, and monica (martha plimpton) be preparing her big party. structured as a series of comparatively unrelated stories about her edgar albert guest on the means to the political party, director risa bramon garcia flits back and forth among her wiz. monica ' s apartment is in " noho, " an domain that single of the guests describes as " thus cool, all of the poor people live in that location. " typical of the shallow couples in the movie are kevin (paul scardinius erythrophthalmus) and his ally and would - follow sexual better half lucy (courtney love ). they contend about whether lucy is a slut or non since she sleeps with everyone, except him, of course. she dares him to fit directly to a lavatory stall and have sex with her, which rick out to be neither erotic, funny or successful - - rather like the repose of the story. the movie gets information technology claim from the carton of cigarettes that lucy give kevin for his new class ' s eve birthday. " cigarettes follow a shield against emotional interaction with other people, " kevin afterward tells lucy in a snip of dialog that sound unfathomed only outdoor the context of the movie. another character, played by jay mohr, hold a trouble with his sexual victory. every woman he beds falls deep in love with him by the following morn. when his latest conquest tells him of her affection for him, his reply is " i like a great deal of the great unwashed. " as the movie at last draws to a close, the character wake up from their post - party game of musical beds. some give birth passed kayoed early from alcohol abuse and remember little, while others actually have some cue as to what happen. the movie itself is so forgettable that by the time you reach your railcar in the parking good deal, all trace of the film will have vanished from your judgment, which is probably the best thing that behind be say about the moving picture. two hundred cigarettes runs i: 40. it is rated roentgen for profanity, sex and one green goddess smoking scene and would be acceptable for older adolescent. 