at one point in this movie in that respect is a staging of an opera that goes completely faulty. but one member of the crowd stand up and cheers, think the performance embody planned, and applauding it for their feat. that ' s " dirty piece of work " in a nutshell. a real different form of movie. this is non a film that i can easily reexamine. the critic in me analyzes the social structure, plot, acting, character. . . and william tell me this movie equal terrible. just the norm macdonald fan in me had me rove on the floor laughing. this movie plays more corresponding an hbo study comedy than a movie. information technology ' s a one note concept. mitch and sam need $ 50000 in gild to bribe a doctor of the church to give their father a heart transplant before former more poverty stricken patients. realizing they be very good at revenge plots, they open a retaliation for hire business, eventually running afoul of a rich businessman played by christopher macdonald (who after roles in " happy gilmore " and " veronica ' s closet " seem typcast in this role ), who sends them to destruct a building that mitch learns is the home of his girlfriend ' s grandmother, thus leading them to plot against the rich businessman on the night of the grand opening of a new opera house. first the critic in maine. the plot be the stock poor guy fin evil rich guy device, where the main character meets the female child of his dreams along the mode. here ' s the taking into custody. none of the theatrical role are sympathetic. they ' re all selfish jerks who wear ' t care who they smart in their attempts to set whatever they want. the jokes are juvenile, crude, appealing to the bad elements in mass. there ' randomness jest about prostitutes, the homeless person, beastiality, anal retentive sex. there ' sec still a subplot that ' s develop, information technology seems, only to make jokes about infidelity and incest. and i know watching it. i be a huge fan of norm macdonald ' s sarcastic, to - the - power point comedy on saturday dark live, and this motion picture show embody an hr and a half of it. norm macdonald take a joke, strips it to the essence, and separate it like it is with a dry wit. corresponding the scene were he and his friend be learning the ropes at a modern building job. the foreman goes complete the basics, which mitch and sam don river ' t understand. how perform they get out of it? by admiting they lied on their cv, and don ' t know a affair astir construction! and surprise, they get fire. the characters live incredibly mean - spirit up. in that location ' s a father who ' s loud and obnoxious, a gambling addicted doctor played by chevy chase world health organization severalize sam of his father ' s circumstance by saying " if 1 were a chance man i ' d put a lot of money on death. " the businessman colewort who always get his dog spunky, and do world health organization knows what with it. and then there ' s mitch and surface to air missile, who, intend they can have $ 50000 by destroy a building, ponder how their actions would ruin the lives of the residents. " too bad we have to act information technology, " mitch says. here ' s a motion picture where every jest that is executed as information technology is mark up, where you assure every punchline coming, where every position profanity could be used and then is used. at least the motion picture is honest, and makes no mistake that information technology be anything more than idiotic. simply at least it isn ' t dull, and it isn ' metric ton predictable. and that ' s the way information technology should be. information technology ' s sketch drollery, and if you ' re a lover of norm macdonald, you ' ll love it. the jokes are crude, the character be mean to the core, the position of the movie is that information technology just doesn ' t tutelage. if you don ' t corresponding norm macdonald, operating theater stupid movies, then you probably won ' thyroxin similar this 1. the jokes are gross, the characters are mean to the core, the attitude of the motion picture is that information technology precisely doesn ' t care. so before seeing this one, tune up your outlook, and prepare for a slew of norm macdonald sense of humor, gay fleshly sex activity, prison assault prank, uncaring eccentric, and one last performance from chris farley. the critic in maine pronounce (*) but i give information technology an eight (* * * ). 1 just couldn ' t stop laughing. 