we could paraphrase michelle pfieffer ' s quality in dangerous idea and say that beyond rangoon starts with an " a. " that ' s fairish enough. all picture, similar all school children, should exist given the welfare of the doubt. the chance to succeed. after all, we like to think that the right combination of talent and effort can coiffure wonder. mountains can be moved, and good moving picture dismiss be pass water. yeah properly. children fail, as do films. as does director john the evangelist boorman ' s latest. the achiever of beyond yangon flexible joint on the credibleness of patricia arquette (ed wood, true romance) as the busty western - in - peril wandering astir 1988 burma without a recommendation. though we fundament stomach the mild plot of ground contrivances that get her in that respect, it ' s a tough undertaking to overlook the actress. she ' s a jackanapes. as the first scene (with yarn! ) demonstrates, she doesn ' tetraiodothyronine have * nearly * adequate cooking stove for the emotions that her grapheme - - a mother take flight the memories of a murdered hubby and logos - - is supposed to render. she may give a strong functioning than, say, keanu reeve in a walking in the cloud, by not by much. beyond yangon is a very physically appealing film, thanks to the practiced workmanship of john boorman (rescue, excalibur, hope and glory ). atomic number 2 keeps the narrative moving, no issue how muddy up the story - - or the heroine - - cause. why he chose arquette remain a closed book, though. maybe he was thinking that the dramatic system of weights of the story would overpower any casting insufficiency. but still after an time of day of half - stated political statement and turbid mass killings, we * still * don river ' t have it away enough of what ' s happening in this country to feel distressed for the characters or their berth. empty bellied exoticism. the technological credits in beyond rangoon are a curious mix, combining lush hobo camp photography with bad blue - crt screen body of work. also odd be the obvious dubbing. coif to make some of the foreign characters sound less foreign? and, represent it my error, operating room serve the same extras keep reappearing as different soldiers?? doo doo doo doo. [ " twilight zone " melodic theme, operating theater opinion of movie. you be the evaluator. ] 