xiv years ago, national lampoon introduced u.s. to a new household - the griswolds. in 1983, the griswolds embarked on a cross - country journeying with the finish of wally world, a earth - far famed theme park in golden state. we laughed our head off as we share the raging and brainsick mishaps the family endured. deuce years later, we watch out again as they went to europe, and four years after that, we shared christmas with them. at once, viii more age have passed, and the laughs get dress more than die. they ' ve been cremated. vegas vacation brings backward chevy following as clark griswold, the good intentioned simply ill - fated father of 2. the premiss is fundamentally the same. charles joseph clark have a wonderful idea to lead his family on a soldering holiday, this time to las vegas. his wife ellen (beverly d ' angelo) and teen kids rusty and audrey (always played by different actors - this time around, by ethan embry and marisol nichols, respectively) join him and they shortly find themselves in sin city where casinos will stool the backdrop for ninety transactions of slapstick. of course of study a " vacation " movie wouldn ' t be sodding without good ole eddie (recapitulate by randy quaid ), the misfit cousin, showing up at altogether the untimely times. in that location international relations and security network ' t excessively much of a plot here when it come right down to it. it ' s rattling just a skit flick. there are a couple of shipway to define a skit movie, which be non a existent term as far as i make love. the beginning would be a flick that basically has one running joke for deuce hours, therefore coming off like a two hr skit. the second would be a moving picture show that seems comprised of astir twenty shorter skits, each go about five moment. vegas vacation come off comparable the first. a good deterrent example of the latter would be last year ' s black sheep. the trouble with this data formatting is that it becomes sure enough fasting, and it doesn ' tetraiodothyronine really tally into a movie mold. in these case, a " plot ", which is generally very fragile, is use either as a shameless filler between scene or to simply add up gadget to the gags (i. e. have a good vegas jest, make a vegas flick ). such is the event with this movie ' s miniskirt - plots. clark gets gambling fever and begins pass all of the griswold ' s money, ellen represent on the verge of an affair with wayne sir isaac newton (! ), rusty have a false id and is using information technology to his gambling advantage, and audrey is desperate for merriment and winds upwardly joining her cousin vickie (shae calciferol ' lyn) as an exotic dancer. the elementary fact be: this movie isn ' t funny. at maiden, i did find myself chuckling heartily at a duet of little jokes, merely when the movie got trilled, my pastime suddenly stopped. chase plays mark clark griswold really intimately. he made the character and atomic number 2 be the character. ergocalciferol ' angelo, to be quite good, ne'er make up too impressive as ellen, and this flick doesn ' t show any signs of redemption. as for the ii new griswold youngster, the word " blah " comes to bear in mind. the " vacation " series seem kayoed to bear witness that anybody can play these two fictional character, the elementary reason being that there is nothing to them. they ' re so generic, you ' ll ask the credit to read " girl # 1 as audrey griswold ". vegas vacation differs from the first iii in the series by more than just laugh factor. yes, it ' s true that vegas vacation isn ' t even nigh to being close to being as funny as the others, which personify in reality pretty play in their own doofy ways, but at that place are a couple of other thing that set this one negatively aside. foremost off, why did they leave off the interior lampoon ' south bearing on the statute title? i couldn ' t chance any cause why, just maybe the fact is even home lampoon didn ' t want to be associated with such a lame film. that ' s saying a flock, especially when you look at what else the company has proudly presented: loaded weapon i, pcu, etc. if they expected this to be another striking, you would assume they ' d be proud to tack on the ill famed header, but for reasons only we canful guess at, like the movie sucking, they didn ' t. there is another difference hither that relieve oneself an obvious impact. the first three picture in the " holiday " series were write by john edward james hughes, a talented writer world health organization is behind various popular films of the lxxx ' s including mr. mamma, sixteen candle, the breakfast social club, weird science, pretty in pink, ferris bueller ' s clarence day off, planing machine, trains, and automobiles, and uncle sawhorse. wowzers! what a universal gas constant? sum?! calculate at the name, you ' d think this guy wrote everything that now stands as a movie image for the 1980 ' s. well that ' southward non all. this guy also brought atomic number 92 90 ' s hits including the home exclusively series, the remake of hundred and one carriage dog, dennis the threat, and the current flubber. vegas holiday, notwithstanding, didn ' t have john the divine james langston hughes behind it, and the loss be very obvious. this time around, the playscript be in the script of elisa alexander melville bell, whose only credits therefore far include little joe made - for - tv movies. vegas vacation plays really much like unity, and it would actually work much unspoiled as a made - for - television sequel. if this sounds like a hazardous mind, it ' s not. revenge of the nerds third and 4th installments were both television set movies, and they seemed like information technology. lope de vega holiday would fit in well on the slyboots network as a 2: 00 a. m. sunday dawning movie, merely as a silver grey screen major motion icon, it ' s quite out of place. sir leslie stephen kessler ' s adolescent direction doesn ' t help thing either. he solely makes the film even more tv - motion picture - ish. each consecutive " holiday " movie has stick out a drop cloth in directing power. we started the series off with harold ramis, who as well directed caddyshack and groundhog daylight equally comfortably as co - writing ghostbusters. non too bad. then we get national lampoon ' s european vacation being directed by amy heckerling, who would go on to direct the hits search who ' s talking and clueless, as advantageously as having already directed the infamous fast times at ridgemont high. in conclusion we had home lampoon ' randomness christmas vacation, direct by book of jeremiah s. chechik, who went on to take the charming benny & joon. kessler, so far, receive one title nether his bash, the short film birch rod street gymnasium, which have an oscar nominating speech in 1992. granted that this was his 1st attempt at a feature length film, we can admit for some amateurish quality, but or else we make a movie straight from the text book - boring, bland, and deep unoriginal. if you loved the " vacation " movies, and 1 know * some * of uranium perform, in that respect all the same isn ' t anything here worth seeing. if you loved them, don ' t ruin your good impression of the series by indulging in this tragic example of celluloid ala menu. if you ne'er do similar the series, why the need to confirm why? 