lamia starts out almost in the vogue of a spaghetti westerly with an attack on a little homestead in new mexico. the house has a nest of vampire and jack crowing (james woods) is lead a squad of lamia hunters in to clean them out. while the initial imagery be a fiddling over - dramatic, information technology gives way to what is a jolly decent action sequence. that live adequate action to last us a spell and we could, director john lackland carpenter would let america, get to a story line. but information technology is not very long and in that respect is non much plot until the next big activity scene. then on that point be only a bit more than of secret plan before the next action scene after that. the plot is kept to a lower limit and the interesting idea in the plot of land really start the brusque end. and that is something of a shame because the film, ground on the word of god vampire $ by john steakley, gives us a myth for the origins of lamia and explains why vampire are so intertwined with spiritual mental imagery. this could embody an interesting exit from the standard lamia film, but carpenter decides to evidence us about information technology rather than to show information technology. what carpenter saves his serious screen time for a chronological succession of spectacular competitiveness between hunting watch and lamia. there is a lot of fight and spate of gore. anything intriguing is kept to a lower limit to so it come not get in the way of please the action film buff. this has non perpetually been carpenter ' s style. his 1981 reading of the thing has legal action but also dispute the viewer to do a little thought about the film ' s primal science fictional question. old salt line shooting direct a vampire swat team, cleanse upwards nests of vampires with high - tech fishgig and crossbows. in the early component of the film his team is wiped out by a particularly mean lamia valek (thomas ian griffith) who has be tipped off to who line shooting is. now crow team is die and helium is downwardly to himself and his sidekick tony montoya (daniel 1st earl baldwin of bewdley ). to crap matters bad, he does not know the multitude on his ain side of meat, tony and his backers, helium can trust. in the meantime jack be certain the vampires are looking for something that must be obliterate somewhere hither in new mexico. if this is sounding similar a very hackneyed police corruption plot with a few obvious substitutions, that ' s exactly what information technology be. the same story see just as intimately with deuce partner cops face for a bunch of hood world health organization are themselves looking for a packet of heroin. merely carpenter goes against a familiar principle of film: show hoi polloi, preceptor ' t tell them. just about everything in the game other than the fights we are told astir in the dialog and not shown. fundamental questions in the patch similar where does crow get his funding, wherefore are the vampire in modern mexico - - what do they want and why do they want it, what is the connection of the vampires and the catholic church, how act triumph add up to be a vampire hunter and why devote his life to it? the solution to any of these questions could get been blow up, but instead be divulge through dialog. immediately if all this was non bad enough, carpenter misuse the james wood persona. ellen price wood plays a particular sort of cool crumb real well. but carpenter leads turned the picture by having woods make out some sergio - leone - style mythic posturing. while his crew prepares for an attack he stands staring fixedly through shades at the planetary house that will follow his fair game. wood does not work as a magnanimous than life mythic hero. that is not his stylus and information technology barely does non work very well. there be some simple things that carpenter should be look for as theater director that he miss. in one scene we be looking at a motel room with dead people on the trading floor. 1 female corpse be on the floor in front of a chair hence that there is about an in of daytime between her and the chair. as the actress emit the col widening and narrowing makes it obvious her branch equal moving up and downwards. one also question how the existence of vampire is unbroken secret. these vampires do non hold a low profile. there are arguably logical flaw in the film. there is some question in my mind whether carpenter has a consistent insurance policy on what core bullets have on vampires. it would take some rationalisation to explain why in some scenes sunlight has a dramatic effect on vampires, yet in a scenery toward the end a vampire bathroom walk nether a burned ceiling that lets him be swept by beam of sunshine. i suspect that the book on which this film was found be well thought out. while i mightiness advocate this film to an action audience i would say that what i attend for in a vampire photographic film vampires rate a 4 on the 0 to 10 scale and a 0 on the - 4 to + 4 scale. perhaps unity will show the book. 