can you enunciate " dated "? you ass if you ' ve seen rosemary ' s baby which, similar the exorcist, was a electrifying revulsion film in information technology time but appear boring and laughable in the decades that have passed since its original release. " mystery scientific discipline theater 3000 " has skewer the bad film of the retiring, but let maine tell you, information technology could do a act on the " good " ones excessively. rosemary ' s baby stars mia farrow (from the time she was actually practiced - looking) as an innocent homemaker and her not - so - innocent husband (john cassavettes ), an actor world health organization takes an easy, albeit evil, route to succeeder. it all look so harmless in the beginning. mia and john move into an apartment where several past murders sustain be committed. ( in that respect ' randomness besides a skull in the living room, but information technology ' s only for decoration. ) their elderly neighbors pop in for a housewarming. all ' mho well for astir the first hour of this boring - moving film, until mia eats some of the neighbors ' cocoa mousse and passes out. when she descend to, she finds herself in a darkened room with a crowd of people shout out and dancing like savages and a big, evil man raping her - - a foreshadowing of her future life with woody allen. information technology seem like a dream and, when she detect herself pregnant, she nigh forgets about it. and everyone ' s helping with the pregnancy. the neighbors take some wonderful vitamin potions for her to drink, a good - fortune charm for her to wear around her neck, and the name of an obstetrician who ' s been in the commercial enterprise lxvi. half a dozen age. meanwhile, mia start having chronic venter pains and losing a lot of system of weights. before to a fault long she calculate just similar the lead singer of the cranberries. that ' s when you recognize your wellness ' s failing. the solitary person in the movie world health organization ' s the least snatch suspicious of all this is an sure enough friend (maurice evans) world health organization calls mia up to sacrifice her the bad news - - and right away falls into a coma. by about the two - hour mark i finger the same path. rosemary ' s child is path too long, and lead up to a take that ' s about as drilling and idiotic as the rest of the movie. i guess somebody put a magic spell on this movie. 