you don ' t look at a ren? magritte painting and lookup for a deeper import. you likewise don ' t look at unity for 88 second directly. surrealist works be celebrated for their quirks, and they cost fun, but look at one quirk for an hour and a one half be run through. that be my experience with i woke upward early the day i pall, a surrealistic, hyperactive comedy with no negotiation. information technology ' s non a silent movie; there is lot of atmospheric euphony, occasional screams and weird auditory sensation effect, but nonentity ever utters an audible scripture. though the movie is distinctive, its unparalleled style wear out thin after about twenty transactions, and as information technology progressed, check became a chore. the only reason the script e'er got filmed is because it be written by the fake - fabled erectile dysfunction grant wood, the human beings behind such " classic " as plan 9> from out space and night of the ghouls. the laugh, of class, constitute that his films make up so bad, they ' re skilful; thusly humorous in their senselessness that they become hits. i woke upwards early the day i died, unfortunatly, comprise thus uncollectible that information technology ' s really unsound. it stars billy zane (titanic) as a dangerous madman who overpowers a nurse, fly the coop from a mental infirmary and proceeds to marvel about, steal a automobile, clothes, and a load of money. our thief reaches a graveyard, where he find a bizarre rite. helium fall asleep and see himself, literally, in a hole, with his money gone. for whatsoever ground, he be out to on getting his hard - unearned cash back (considering how easily he stole it the first meter, why didn ' t he only hold out steal some more? ). he come upon a list of the masses who were at the mysterious ceremony and commences to seek out each of them and kill them if they wear ' t have what he is see for. i don river ' t think either director aris iliopulos nor ed wood bring in that this would have made a glorious 20 min forgetful. the subject and the style appear to deliver comprise made for it. unfortunately, twenty minutes deserving of material is stretched forbidden to more than than four times that length, and the film simply overstay its already doubtful welcome. it grabbed my tending in the beginning and gradually lost it as it go on, up to the level where halfway through one was already weary. it might look odd that a film as furiously paced as this one send away be then tedious; but the surprise volition wear out off when you deliberate how insistent it is. i come alive up early the day i died is a drollery, 1 conjecture, though it could have fooled me. dissimilar most ed wood films, this one try out to be funny and fails, or else of the other style around. there ' entropy goose egg inherently haywire with that, in fact, i cogitate it would only make sense for someone world health organization have make up so " good " at making unintentional comedy to take a stab at a real one and only. whether wood in reality went for drollery in his book we ' ll never get laid, but in either face, this is a nonstarter. jonathan taylor thomas, christina ricci, summer phoenix, john ritter and others depict astir for short and unpointed cameos. ricci, for example, run a cocotte. her part consists of dancing around with zane in his motel way and then comprise thrown out. norman thomas be an astonished onlooker as a adult female gets hurl off a cliff. equal the home improvement teenage heartthrob really that desperate for work? zane, meanwhile, occupies himself by create unearthly faces at the television camera when helium be not called upon to run around wildly and beat people upward. deficiency of dialogue makes him the ultimate caricature. the carnival position - show coming manages to demo everything that is incorrect with this no - budget production. it ' s desperately unfunny, but thinks it ' s the amusing affair since plan nine; , it ' s and so spontaneously surrealistic information technology makes your head spin all while be confusing enough to make your head spin doubly as fast in the other direction. i desire another film is realize from an ed wood screenplay for unity woke up early the day i go is not a fitting send - off. ? 1999 prince eugene of savoy novikov & # 137; 