capsule: lesbianism examined in the like shut up and respectful tones reserved for a terminal malady. potentially interesting approximation made stagy and boring. claire of the moonlight be such an impossibly unplayful and solemn film that atomic number 53 was waiting for someone to sneeze, simply to break the ice. it ' s a perfect example of what my married woman calls an s. atomic number 9. east. movie, where sulphur. f. atomic number 99. means so f * * * ing earnest. pic like this pauperism learning ability and brashness to be absorbing. claire is one agonistic delivery after another, written fork out with all of the vigour and spontenaity of a dmv salesclerk. claire postulate two women, claire and yule, both author, and throws them together in the same cabin at a adult female - only when author ' s retreat. claire wrights light comedy, while noel is a scholarly authority on porno and intimate conduct. obviously, the deuce of them are go to have plenty to babble about, and for the integral one hundred and twelve insufferable minutes of this movie, that ' s all they do: talk. the movie sets upwards it (microscopic) plot with beat - a - stagnant - buck - into - glue obviousness. the evening talks at the camp comprise chaired by a motherly eccentric make maggie, a self - professed lesbian, and when noel owns up to also being a sapphic, claire looks like she ' s be bump off with a sockful of wet gumption. the movie then promptly drop into lots of scenes where noel glances at claire with implication, and claire looks out complete the water reflectively. ( ugh! ) the most amazing thing astir the movie is how the great unwashed thus thinking can mouth so much and withal get so piffling through their thick heads. all of this, of course, lead upward to a scene of complete inevitability: claire and noel, in a scene that should have got come an hour earlier, because then the moving picture show end without still the benefit of reflection about what ' sec just happened. we never get a touch astir how any of this has changed anyone, entirely how they feel about things that didn ' t even happen until now. the job with claire. .. is non lesbianism as such, but the leaden way information technology ' due south handle. wherefore is information technology that any " serious " (a beneficial news would be adult or at least thoughtful) examination of sexual urge in a motion picture most always thread upward producing a movie that ' s unwatchably boring? the way of life this movie deals with sapphism, we might as well be determine an overheated docudrama astir aid. many former movies have use the same subject in ways that are a k times better - - to a greater extent engaging, to a greater extent creative, more intellectually and artistically interesting. looking at john sayles ' lianna, operating theatre the interesting and little - seen desert bloom; both of them hold more life and vibrancy than claire. what this motion picture show needed exist a good swift kick in the pants. 