inspired by the 1958 film house on haunt hill star vincent cost. directed by william edmund malone. starring geoffrey rush, famke janssen, and chris kattan. grass r (contain furiousness, profanity, and brief nudity ). synopsis: eccentric millionaire cost offering $ 1, 000, 000 to each of his guest world health organization appear at a gathering at a former sanitarium. the only catch is that they have to survive the nox at the governing body, an establishment haunt by its former stave and patients. comments: theater on haunted mound is ground upon the original 1958 film of the same title directed by william castle and starring vincent damage. in an obvious homage, the millionaire ' s name is price and he sports a lean moustache comparable price used to own. this is a reasonably high risk horror motion picture show, yet uncollectible repugnance films sometimes are rattling entertaining, and house on ghost hill is just such a film. it is, amazingly, better than another late haunted house remaking, the haunting, a pic which owes its basis to the graeco roman repulsion novel by shirley jackson. the haunting had literary pretensions and fell flat on it face. house on haunt hill owes its descent to a b - movie 40 years erstwhile and score no thaumaturgy that it ' s a crappy horror movie. thus, somehow, it turn up slimly to a greater extent successful. one can ' t think of another recent film which have get such an eclectic mould. information technology be this cast of characters which lifts this ho - humming thriller into a borderline entertaining exercise in encampment horror. leontyne price, the main character, exist played by geoffrey rush, the academy - award make headway player of radiancy. rush appear to be making a downward spiral in the movie industriousness, a spiral reminiscent of ben (ghandi, schindler ' s list) kingsley ' s ridiculous appearing in the camp sci - fi classic species. 1 don river ' t know why, but sometimes it ' s entertaining to ascertain " quality " actors in bad film. more surprise? rising champion taye diggs plays a unimaginative african american fun figure (rather lamely to a fault ), and singer lisa loeb (! ) appear as a tv news newsperson. the highlight of the cast, however, has to follow saturday dark resilient appendage chris kattan. kattan ' s comic sense allow for respective good humorous instant as he plays the hysteric proprietor of the one time sanitarium. while the first one half of the film leaves the consultation guess as to what ' entropy incisively going on, the second half dissolves into stock ghost story clobber and loses some of its suspense. a disappointingly cheesy ending truly mars this pic also. mansion on haunt hill, i defendant, has barely about left the second - run theaters. information technology ' s worth catching on cable next twelvemonth, if you set out a chance. if you have a alternative, plunk this movie over the haunting, information technology ' s the proficient of two evils, you could say. though, more appropriately perhaps, information technology ' d be better to say that it ' s the adept of two dud. 