possibly the year the most anticipated film and finally it arrives here in the u.k.. it smashed u. s box office office records in information technology ' s opening weekend and bequeath no question do the same hither. but make up it any good? in a word, no. i ' ll elaborate far. the tale is as follows. apparently there were two islands with dinosaurs on. unmatchable where the dinos hold out uninfluenced by mankind and the other a tourist attraction which fail before it even opened. ( see jurrasic park. ) imgen, the fellowship that funded jurrasic park, want to reccover their losses by taking more than dinos off the other island and move them to a new attracter in san diago. realizing what a sorry idea this be, proffessor john hammond (richard attenborough) decide to send a squad to document the dinosaurs, therefore as to rally public financial backing to save the island. enter intimate mumbling adult male jeff goldblum world health organization only agrees to go when told his girlfriend is already there. thus, basically, what you suffer is this. two teams, i sent to catch and impress some dinosaur to the mainland and the other, trying to document them, being force to run together, fighting for natural selection against the dinosaurs ' business firm intention on eating them. a passably good estimate, however it ' s let down in the mouth by one slight problem. it ' s dirt. over two time of day of chase scenes gets way of life too boring, way also quiclky. add to this a terrible script and some debile attempt at some occasional characterisation and you cease upward real disinterested. it get background noise while your mind starts concentrating on matter similar, ' what ' s for tea? ' and ' should you cut the lawn later? ' ( yes, you should ). it ' s a shame and then really, that spielberg get lowered himself into making what fundamentally is a vociferous john cash in, which adds practically nothing to the far higher ranking jurrasic green. with only a few originative and genuinely tense scenes and fabulous c. g. one dinosaurs (the deoxythymidine monophosphate. male monarch ' s own to be seen to exist believed ), there be nothing else to urge the lost man. a really dissapointing sequel, so. 