8mm is not going to clear up your day. it ' s a dark, grimy and commove portrait of underworld snuff films and fill with excessive violence. non just serve you necessitate the stomach to make it done this bloated muss, you ' ll require a lot of patience as well. nicolas john milton cage jr. seem to be doing quite a bit of ham it up as of late. he wore a bizarre get - upwards and did a lot of yelling in the terminally awful snake eyes, and hither helium attempts a carrying out that can relate to someone totally losing their grip on world. cage plays secret tec tom welles, praise for his secrecy and reliability. at dwelling, george orson welles is a family human being, with a wife (catherine keener) and a little daughter to make care of. his novel naming is a bizarre one: the married woman of a officially deceased millionaire has employ him to solve a mystery story regarding a cinema found in her husband ' s safe. the film appears to embody some variety of cheap pornography involving a teenage girl and a masked human being, until the missy is brutally polish off. or so it look. welles, of course, begins to burrow cryptical and deep to bring out the truth. and the to a greater extent atomic number 2 become involve in this disturbing case, the more he sire in over his head. he hires an adult book store shop assistant named georgia home boy california (joaquin genus phoenix) to be his scout through the ugly hades of smut. max knows what welles make up stimulate himself into, and explains, ` you dance with the dickens, the devil don ' metric ton change. the devil change you. ' these turn out to be real wise holy writ. 8mm have a premiss that begs for a better execution. the set - up is sly and well played, as john milton cage jr. uncovers the identity of the girl and travels to hollywood to locate her. this be where everything lead awry. although director book of joel schumacher succeeds in frightening united states of america with his grotesque portrayal of the ` literal world ', helium forgot to inject any interest or excitement to the formula. everything about the movie become obtuse and lifeless, repelling the viewer similar the issue of germ spray to insects. although information technology get tremendous potential, the third act of 8mm is a full bust, leave intrigued audiences in a baffling state of utmost dashing hopes as the proceedings spiral out of ascendence. john milton cage jr. is the film ' siemens sole flame of vigor. his performance is actually believable, but soon the director ' randomness demand depart to count heavily on his shoulder and he start out stumble on in desperation. still, you ' ve got to give him recognition for hold this project together equally long as he do, for that is no well off exploit when you consider the problem at bridge player. welles ' trail soon leads him to a flakey film producer (played convincingly by peter stormare) world health organization be notorious for the hardest - hitting chukker brown films in the diligence. this be where cage goes terminated the border into a serial killer - comparable phase angle, in which he must take retaliation on all those who off the devoid young lady in the film. he give chase pull down the masked man responsible for for the kill (chris bauer ), and they have a bloody brawl in the local cemetery, a fight sequence that would look more at home in a schwarzenegger motion picture. written by andrew kevin walker, 8mm dissipates into a short isle of man ' s septet, with all the violence just little of the effectiveness that made the latter such a chilling masterpiece. furthermore, what take become of joel schumacher? the director make recently experienced a major drouth, slum in the depths of drab flop after flop (batman and robin, anyone? ). this putrid thriller exist sure non going to revive his life history, so perhaps schumacher should start search his lighter position. 