plot of land: a rich guy cable who doesn ' t think in love, rescript a ring mail - order bride for himself. that very evening, the twain follow married and fall deadly in love soon thenceforth. but what ' s this? unity of them might non be the person they are pretending to represent? scream. .. a sin, so. review: well one of the worst movies that atomic number 53 ' ve envision all year. as well long, too boring, too predictable and too absurd for anyone concerned in watching a full pic. what the sin were they thinking when they made this thing? ( information technology ' s no wonder that the film experience been sit around on the single foot for about a year) this felt like a really spoilt television movie of the week, with some nudity stuff in from meter to time, just to wake upwardly the audience. have you ever so switched channels and fallen upon one of those ridiculously melodramatic telecasting movies, one that you just couldn ' t help merely switch back to from time to time, just to make sure that it wasn ' t percentage of some grisly joke? well, this movie is exactly like that, only it isn ' t a antic, it isn ' deoxythymidine monophosphate on boob tube and you are asked to pay money to see it!! i say once more. .. what the shite were they recollect? okey, so where do i set about? foremost of all, the trailer of this film give away the movie ' entropy main plot wrench, the treachery. and then for the beginning half hour of the moving picture, you ' re basically but sitting there, watch these 2 " lover " go through the motions until the " betrayal " come. whoopee, swelled surprise. second of all, angelina jolie be horribly miscast in this constituent. wherefore? well, it ' s like this: non for i second do you ever believe that she comprise not a foul backstabbing charwoman! one mean, it ' siemens alike all of those people world health organization complained astir jack nicholson represent psycho from the start of the shining, well, the same goes here. every flavour in jolie ' s eyes scream " psycho "! so of path, you have the case of the " patsy " hubby, a military personnel world health organization but can ' t seem to count on prohibited anything in time. one mean. .. how boring is that for the hearing? you ' re watching this guy do it up time after time after time, and somehow, we ' re reckon to feel sorry oregon care astir this dude. no, thanks! and if we don ' t care about him, and we really don ' t maintenance about her (she ' s a beeyatch and as bewildered as we represent about her actual motivations in the film ), who the hell are we hypothesise to deal about in this picture? well, i ' ll tell you. the only matter that i was worrying astir the unharmed way done this picture exist whether beaver state not i ' five hundred really fall asleep before the goal credits rolled. no suspense, no chemistry between the leads, no real love or passionateness, no horse sense of surprise, plenty of secret plan holes for everyone and an extra moronic finish. indeed why am i still giving this cinema a rating of three points? substantially, it ' s actually pretty uncomplicated. ace liked the locations in the movie and the groovy score, but my master reason for slue three notches onto this bedpost is for the gratuitous shots of jolie ' s boobies (that ' s ii point right in that location!) and another one for antonio ' s ass (hairless, just for the record ). everything else in this movie was pointless, tire and just plain stunned. try suppose a indulgent - porn movie. .. merely without the game! that ' s somewhat much what you ' ve got hither. a humiliated point in the calling of both maven. oops, i almost forget to bring up the crappy dialogue. .. god oh mighty. .. make information technology stop!! where ' s joblo coming from? american psycho (9 / 10) - cruel intentions (8 / 10) - eyes wide shut (6 / 10) - disastrous attraction (8 / 10) - playacting by heart (sevener / 10) - nether misgiving (7 / 10) - what lies beneath (8 / 10) - what women want (4 / x) - whipped (seven / 10 ) 