first and foremost i intend this motion picture comes to grief at the hands of the pg rating information technology ' s been return. for those of us who haven ' t read the james lee burke novel that heaven ' s prisoners is based on, do not rabidly go out and buy tickets to picture show featuring the combined talents of alec baldwin and eric roberts, find vaguely depressed by the opinion of swamps, gangsters with louisiana accents, plots, sub - plots, more plots, and well, really precisely want to see teri hatcher naked, this be unrivalled movie you ' re going to worry the price of admission over. wannabe still? good, let me share my moment of sheer affright, and then the stale enervation of the big let - dispirited when a semi - robed hatcher purrs to alec james arthur baldwin, " what perform you recall of my butterfly? ". butterfly stroke?, atomic number 53 demand myself, what butterfly?! and then it hit maine. .. the view had been snipped! damn you, godless pg evaluation, picture america her butterfly!! we need to see the goddamn butterfly stroke! !! then. .. no defenseless teri hatcher. forget astir that. ok? nowadays. .. heaven ' s prisoner be astir ex - alchoholic outmoded - cop dave robicheaux (alec baldwin) who ' s trying to light upon life anew running a come on shop and boat hire line of work with his loving, down - to - earth wife annie (kelly lynch ). everything dull, but hunky jack salmon until a plane transmit illegal immigrants crashes almost ontop of the couple while they ' re on their boat. the plane nosedives into the piddle and sink, but from it wreckage robicheaux rescues a petty pixie - faced salvadorean girl whom he and his wife straight off decide to adopt. what they put on ' t realise make up that the plane ' south pilot was too a drug trader, and that the airplane give birth been sabotaged by the latter ' s erstwhile colleagues. when robicheaux discovers this, he predictably, against the advice of his wife, a well - meaning dea agent, and two gangsters world health organization rough him upward, begin ' poke his nose where it don ' t belong ', we know that the man deserve all the misery atomic number 2 ' s going to receive. the dubiousness at once is whether or non you require to represent get behind along for the ride through a tedious, meandering yet utterly suspenseless plot with an unlovable hero as your guide. as dave robicheaux, alec 1st earl baldwin of bewdley be fat. .. no badly, this is non the svelte, call up man ' s hero of the hunt club for red october, it is an verboten - of - shape guy who doesn ' t facial expression too good in a roof - top chasing panorama. he ' southward also unconvincing in the movie ' s dramatic moments, act with what as far as i can tell be a steven segal - like economic system of formulation. three - one quarter of the elbow room through the show, while you ' re probably waiting for the next scene in a bar where robicheaux contemplates succumbing to the temptation of the whiskey bottle, getting drunk and ticktack upward someone or nonplus baffle up, you ' ll want to get on him a little yourself. on the early hand, mary gilbert stuart masterson (some kind of wonderful, fried immature tomatoes, benny & joon) casting as a down - and - out stripper who has her fingers ruin equal quite a a breath of refreshful air, with just the right mix of cynicism, warmth, insecurity and humour to be the movie ' s only endearing character. eric roberts as bubba rocque, always believable as the woman - abusing bad cat world health organization recognize how to box (see final psychoanalysis, coincidentally also address by phil joanou) is believable here as the woman - abusing risky guy who knows how to box. and fifty we forget teri hatcher ' s role in all this, this be her sort of well - air pay holiday from bet lois lane on tv ' s " adventures of lois & clark ". .. she is totally ridiculous as rocque ' s manipulative and seductive cajun wife, amount across as devious as a mildly dissatisfied gold span who ' s trying to get back at an employer who hasn ' t live giving her decent days remove. information technology ' s probably dependable to say that her day job beckons. and at the end of our day, none of this is real worth 2 hrs and 12 minutes of our personal miserableness. the flying ink bottle ' entropy rating system: * waiting for the tv. * * a little creaky, but still right than stay put at plate with gotcha! * * * pretty skilful, convey a admirer. * * * * amazing, strong stuff and nonsense. * * * * * flawlessness. realise it twice. 