the people world health organization populate the movie liv are shallow, ego - absorbed and self - indulgent. in other words, they perfectly mirror the earned run average as good as the moving picture this feature of speech depicts. 54 is the report of that well - publicized new york disco, studio apartment fifty four, the in - place in the ' 70s where anybody who was anybody went to make up ogle, shoot and cosset. the difficultness with fifty four, which be written and directed by st. mark christopher, is that his script accept no point of position. saint christopher neither condemns nor glorifies the fabled excesses that constitute studio 54 ' s hallmark. he keeps an uninvolved distance, thus keeping the states from organise any excited affixation with any of the champion. the movie ' s unmatched chief plus is the surprising performance by mike myers as steve rubell, the noted owner of the nightspot. he is share rebel, character dreamer, part shrewd enterpriser. he ' s fresh enough and childlike plenty to pander to the dream and desires of his clientele, yet stupid enough to brag on tv about enshroud profits from the internal revenue service. myers, in his first straightforward character part, is in turn appealing and appalling. at one moment he give the sack try to pressure a male employee into a sexual berth, then at the following moment apologize for his unfit behavior and offer the young adult male a smattering of cash. the story be told by shane oxygen ' shea (ryan phillippe ), a young nj lad who dreams of crossing the river to the big apple. nicety of trick travolta ' s brooklyn - boundary tony in saturday nox fever. eventually, shane perform come to new york, draw in rubell ' s middle and is admitted to the promised land. his spirit get him a job as a busboy, and he is later advertize to the honored position of mixologist, where he unify with and makes deglutition for the rich and noted. shane ' s pipe dream personify to adjoin soap star julie black (neve campbell ), a fellow garden stater. but both characters live so sketchily get out that even when they do hook upward, it ' s no bad deal. the interpersonal chemistry between shane and julie is nonexistent. fifty four is a very cold, uninvolving movie. it ' s all strobe light lighting and glitz, all substance. it ' s kind of like the musical era information technology report. 