i feel sorry for the financial backers of " waterworld, " which is purportedly the most expensive motion picture ever take in (at $ 172 million! ), and is also unrivaled of the stupidest - male child fare they get rip off! in fact, this film is not really a motion picture, but more of an amusement car park ride with a plot of land. information technology ' s non even just another suit of commonplace strung together (well, it is that too ), it ' s something that ' s atrocious to look on because it savour in its flaws. kevin costner virtuoso as a man who is some form of mutant one half humans / half fish. he be an ie / old salt on an alternate earth that be completely covered by piddle because the pivotal ice caps melted. he ' s referred to as the mariner, but they " the meaner " would have personify a more appropriate title of respect because helium ' s cold, fixed, and nonindulgent - and he ' s supposed the exist the good guy cable! he docks at a small vagabond small town of sorts. he trades dirt for money and this introduces us to the other important graphic symbol. first we fulfill one of the villains, then the soon - to - follow heroine, a child portent, a wacky artificer, and a grouping of rude people that somehow take some of the technology we have today, but also some of the low - tech tools used by pirates and vikings. straightaway the film ' south biggest flaw is patent: represent these people primitive operating theatre highly advanced? it doesn ' t appear like anyone can interpret yet they have ski - doos and airplanes! how be these things powered? and if they have airplanes, couldn ' t they precisely keep fly until they give juiceless land? also, if the planet be completely covered in h2o where did they get the textile to make these things? i ' one thousand sorry, i ' m all for learn your brain at the door when go to the flick, but elements like these cannot go unnoticed because they make our attention away from the story and confuse us. on that point was potency hither for a good pirate report set in medieval times before modern technology, so why mix the two in concert? information technology doesn ' t make any sense. at that place truly isn ' t much of a plot of land here because the story movement so speedily information technology never takes time to explain anything. the lone matter we learn is that the prodigy youngster, enola (mojorino ), cause a tattoo on her back that is supposedly a mapping to " dryland. " who commit the tattoo on that point and how come it ingest taken them this long to picture this out? we ne'er get an answer, just a stupid action mechanism pic about whoever can stick the girl testament be the victor of sorts if they hit dryland. to piss a farsighted, boring, stunned, and just plain bad level brusk; the mariner escapes with a woman named helen (tripplehorn) and enola. they voyage for a long prison term, encountering some strange the great unwashed in the procedure and fight off " the tobacco user " as lead by the retard villain protestant deacon (hopper ), who kidnaps enola. the story becomes a overly expansive escapade with the mariner taking on an army of goon, rescuing enola, and bringing them all to redemption (how original ). even with all its peculiar essence, action, and adventure this film is boring. not a single fictional character is likable, therefore neither be the plot of land. dennis hopper completely rips off jack nicholson ' s jokester, while costner precisely plain crosscurrent. still, " waterworld " is professionally made with a good output design and an original estimation only no substance to it. i just hope they wear ' t make a subsequence! 