_soldier_ is pass down one of the bad movies a person could ever have to seat through that doesn ' t have jean claude new wave damme in information technology. i could compare information technology to the sci - fi cheese that was the hollywood ware - of - choice back in the other 80s, simply that would be overly much of a compliment. if there is a moving picture show house in hell, this film is play at that place 24 hours a clarence day. the story, such that there is, revolves around todd (kurt ken russell ), an automaton of a humans world health organization has been raised from birth to represent a merciless soldier in a not - too - distant ultra - conservative futurity (be there any other kind? ) after years of desensitization at a military academy entire of other boys scarce like him, todd become a ground belligerent in a series of warfare all over the galaxy. who the enemies in these wars are is never revealed, but the few glimpse of todd in battle appearance that information technology doesn ' t topic, because innocent hostages make up wiped out equally indifferently as the bad guy cable. after ten bit of this nihilistic trash - - yes folk music, there ' siemens more - - we see todd as a lover, scarred adult, straight off so accustomed to the carnage that no confrontation at all causes him to break a sweat. there ' s a fresh crinkle, though. todd and his brother be declared obsolete, and a fresh batch of soldiers takes their position. after losing a sanctioned battle with _dragon_ ' s jason scott lee, the seemingly dead todd is dumped by a fell trash - block tray (well, that ' s what is see like) on a remote garbage planet. if you predict that todd meets a bunch of friendless settler on this planet, and that they band together to fight a bunch of bad guys fare to destroy them, you ' re way onward of the game. the recreant society on this trash heap be so clich you half - expect tina turner and master chargeman to come stroll into frame any minute. it ' s surprising that _soldier_ is the brain - small fry of _blade runner_ centennial state - writer david webb multitude. dissimilar that intellect - twisting classic, this film contains merely barely decent dialogue to fill about iii double - spaced page. sum into the mix the _mortal kombat_ ' second paul anderson inapt direction, and it ' s easy to see how _soldier_ turn out then bad. and the extra effects! remember the flying steam fe in hardware war? gary busey is in this movie. ' nuff say. _soldier_ constitute proof that hollywood still has plenty of bad ideas sit in its script vaults. that this sad film made it to the silver screen should encourage plenty of aspire screenwriters out at that place that there is leslie townes hope after all. straightaway if you ' ll excuse me, i consume to go weep for the future. 