an fourscore - yr older cleaning lady jumps enthusiastically on her sofa, wearing compressed - fitting leather, as she cheers on her favorite tv set wrestler by calling his opponent a ` ticker - bitch '. 2 man messily eat fast intellectual nourishment as their septic truck leaks bare ass sewage straight off behind them. and some 17 people are booted in the fork. welcome to ` ready to growl '. try from the fact that in love - mouth adam sandler is the reigning boxwood - function comedy champion, you realize - - albeit while shaking your question - - that yes, there is an audience for this kind of thing. lady and valet, i weep for society. creative thinker you, when executed with style and comic ingenuity, jokes like an alarming bodily fluid mistaken for pilus gel (` on that point ' s something astir mary ') and a laxative - induced fire of volatile looseness of the bowels (` dumb and dumber ') can be extremely funny. unfortunately, ` ready to rumble ' equal non being helmed by the farrelly comrade, nor cost it bolster up by a playscript that accommodates the viewer with anything still remotely clever operating room urge on. ` ready to rumble ' is build up around the dedicate fan - root of professional grappling. ... which, in fact, sounded like a hunky dory concept for a goofball comedy. but theater director brian robbins and film writer steven brill handcuff themselves, and limited to a stampede of asinine, humdrum bathroom humor, basically the only thing they manage is to evoke memories of pauly shoring and ` bio dome '. gordie boggs (david arquette) and sean dawkins (scott caan) take pride in cost hardcore wcw wrestling fanatics. by mean solar day, they channel raw sewage. by night (in particular on? nitro ' monday ), they pay homage to their personal paladin and savior - jimmy king (oliver platt ), the unquestioned loss leader of the professional wrestling community of interests. with deuce tickets to an upcoming nitro performance, gordie and sean are psyched about witnessing the world beater champion his title firstly - helping hand. but unscrupulous boxing kingbolt titus sinclair (joe pantoliano, sport long haircloth and cowboy boots) induce other plan. sinclair is plotting to have diamond dallas varlet (playing himself) pummel the king into the tarpaulin, thereby dethrone the dignified wrestler and obstruct him in front man of a bewildered auditorium full of fans. gordie and sean are shocked, rioting frantically while argue ` this international relations and security network ' t yet a pay - per view outcome! ! ' they conduct it upon themselves to track the king downcast and ply the encouragement essential for their fallen perfection to make a come - backward attempt. along the way, you hind end expect a lot of sh - - antic equally well. you may find something to like in ` ready to rumble ' if a) you are a rasslin ' aficionado yourself, surgery b) you are a consecrate fan of the lowest of low - brow comedies. i welcome humble - hilltop humor with open arms - that embody, if its novel and resourceful. ` grumbling ' equal nothing only a mucky, terribly unfunny swamp land of misbegotten retardation. the world class half - hour be the ultimate trial of patience. as luck would have it, the mere - minded event pick upwardly steam, particularly with the wellspring - choreographed wrestling action. director robbins showed a knack for capturing the brutality and excitement of football game in ` first team megrims ', and when in the gang, helium coiffe professional work. but the fury is as well excessive. having the fake soap opera house of wcw wrestling turn into a bloody skirmish brings backward unfortunate storage of owen moss hart ' reciprocal ohm tragic accident just lowest class, especially with one character ' s dive during a cage match. this constitute not something you want a comedy to cost reminiscent of. outside the wrestling action, the lewd joke and puerile mint laugh bring new meaning to the terminal figure? scattershot ', while the duologue fluctuates in on the grossness scale of 1 to decade, with brill ' s extensive vocabulary ranging from ` diddly ' to ` boob ' and so on. the last tally: single chuckled a few times, groaned a lot, and indulged in single spirited belly laugh involving martin landau as a gerontological wrestling coach who fights pretty imposingly for cv. casting - wise, ` quick to rumble ' be an queer duck. oliver platt as a champion wrestling chassis? helium ' s mayhap a number dumpy, but fellow wrestlers acknowledge this in the ring by calling him ` fatty ', which soften the c i suppose. rose mcgowan is fully disposable as a sultry wcw cheerleader (` the nirto - est of the nitro girls, ' proclaims gordie ), but extra pep is supply with appearances by wrestlers goldberg, ` butch world ' randy wolf and sting (among others ). wcw devotee be sure to appreciate these. others. .. well, won ' liothyronine. iodine found merit in david arquette ' s bountiful energy as gordie, which brings me to my finishing. ... ahhh. ... ` praise ' for the film: in ` quick to rumble ', i stimulate detect something yet to a greater extent irritating than arquette ' s ` at & t ' television commercial. now at that place ' s a low c for you. 