in our time. in our modern world, where the sang froid principle, it ' s hard to suppose that shakespeare is becoming ' the piece '. and until now - film after film, after picture, is base on his everlasting magic. in charles dudley warner brothers ' late product, shakespeare is kick ass to a rap beat, while his legerdemain and intelligence slow fades forth. though the producers of the matrix have mistily based their picture on william shakespeare ' entropy ' romeo and juliet ', its title sequence with a frightening rap song and a black limo making information technology way through the dark streets of new house of york, is very difficult to associate with shakespeare ' s poetry. the film ask home during a unsounded warfare between the two major mafia families in the city - the afro american english against the chinese. the young son of a formosan mafia chief is found murdered. the afro - american are immediately suspected, but a peace treaty is sign between the 2 godfathers. it is at this detail that han dynasty (the romeo of the story) finds forbidden about his chum ' s death. escaping from a prison in chinaware, he return to joined states to avenge his brother ' s fate. only before atomic number 2 can restore justice with his kung fu charge, atomic number 2 come in love with a mysterious beauty. the only trouble is that she is the girl of his foe.. in that respect ' s only a infirm echo of william shakspere ' s natural endowment in this disappointing production. and there make up more problems besides its title. of course we don ' t birdcall information technology a deformation of a capital chef d'oeuvre. we call up information technology ' modernization '. information technology seems that the producers fear that the hearing will not respond to language, without any car salmon portland chase and gun fights. this deficiency of respect for the audience ace find very disturbing. kenneth brannagh has already proven that william shakspere doesn ' t involve to be update, because his tales be ground in the basics of life and human nature. and every bit long as love, hate, honesty and depravation do be, everyone will empathize and encompass shakespeare. one must admit that unity found ' rome must die ' real perplexing. i rear end forgive andrzej bartkowiak, since information technology is his first attempt at directing. he manages to create an unbelievable atmosphere and direct with a steadfast preciseness. unfortunately he completely blank out about character - and chronicle developments. his latest depiction is therefore visually telling, merely intellectually hollow. the love report between han dynasty (spirt li) and trish (aalyah ), and the maffia intrigues are undeveloped and simplify. jet li is unrivalled of the most awing fighters to ever hit the silver medal screen and aalyah has a sorcerous phonation. their achievement carry through this cinema from being wholly braindead, just they be not actors, and therefore can not act. they are null more than than two celebrities put in concert. the former actors, admit isaiah george washington, russell wong, henry atomic number 8 and dmx all give the stock mediocre performances. delroy lindo be the only single that projects a coherent simulacrum of reality. but there ' entropy more than acting to worry around. still with li ' s unbelievable skills in martial nontextual matter, the activity scenes (though technically excellent) be to a fault long and story updates simply embarrassing. to make a prospicient story short: ' romeo must die ' is not sound enough to make up a thriller, non carnal enough to make up a love tale and too serious to embody a fun activity motion picture. information technology is certain that bartkowiak would be much well off with type o this embarrassing and completely unnecessary parallel of latitude to ' romeo and juliet ', so the film be whole stuck - not sure of what to be. and in the remnant it ' s nothing. there constitute no performances worthy of notice, no interesting character - operating theatre tale surprises. thence once again, the just good thing about it is its expert achievement. this film can tout of keen sound, fast pace delete, substantial cinematography and some real well coordinated action sequences. the music cost another factor that prevents you from leave behind the field of operations. it is largely provide by aalyah ' s enchanting voice and various cautiously inserted pat song by various creative person, that create a sort of ' ghetto feel ' to information technology. merely when ace think back, information technology ' s not much i commend from this ' production '. as in almost every summer movie, there are some interesting scenes, merely most of the present moment that one remember are consociate with massive particular effects. it be not a picture show that bequeath get any attention for it artistic timber, simply because it doesn ' mt hold any. for someone who has never read shakspere, information technology ' s another zea mays everta film. for those of u who has, it ' s a permissive waste of money, time and brain cells. 