in french, the phrase " film noir " literally means " black market film. " daniel webster defines it as " a type of crime film featuring misanthropical malevolent characters in a sleazy setting and an ominous standard atmosphere that be conveyed by shadowy picture taking and foreboding background medicine. " authoritative film noir, include such memorable fare as " the big sleep, " the original " cape fear, " and orson welles ' strike " a contact of immorality, " employed black and white picture taking to emphasize the long shadow associated with the genre. color came into caper with neo - noir films like " chinatown " and " blade caranx crysos. " " cubic decimetre. a. confidential, " easy the best film of 1997, is a wonderful patch of contemporary neo - noir filmmaking. for a textbook example of how to claim whole the elements of neo - noir and create an absolute fix, in that location ' s " palmetto. " based on " just another lollipop, " a short story write by british author rene raymond under the pseudonym james hadley pursual, " palmetto " shows what happens when a movie maker puts vogue ahead of gist. theatre director volker schlondorff (" atomic number 50 drum, " the servant ' s tale ") express " we weren ' t still sure for a long time if it was going to comprise a thriller or a comedy. " information technology shows. " palmetto " is overly nonsensical too be taken seriously as a thriller and as well lumbering to work as a comedy. the narration start when journalist harry samuel barber (woody harrelson) is bring out from prison. soul turn state ' s witness and revealed that harry was framed, a " reinforcement " for blowing the hat on degeneracy in the small florida township of palmetto. bitter and break, harry plan to hitchhike to miami and set off his living over, but outmoded - girlfriend nina (gina gershon) appears to return him to palmetto. while hanging out at a bar, helium notices that a beautiful woman has leave her purse in a phone cubicle. harry pockets her cash, only to have the woman reappear and catch him with her money in his pouch. no trouble, though. the radiant blonde is rhea malroux (elisabeth shue,) the young married woman of a very rich older human race with center trouble, and she hold a proposal for harry. rhea needs " a threatening representative and person to take in the ransom " for the arranged kidnapping of her teenage stepdaughter odette (chloe sevigny. ) the girl want to bilk a half - million one dollar bill " ransom money " from the old man and testament happily give harry $ l, 000 for helping with the scam. things hold up wrong, of grade. odette is found all in, leaving harry madly trying to dispose of the corpse and cover his tracks. in an ironic kink, harry is asked to work for the local viosterol. a. ' s federal agency. they want a insistence liaison to plain questions about odette ' s snatch and feel that harry is the perfect serviceman for the task. non a bad set - upwardly for a noir photographic film, if only schlondorff knew how to deal the material, but atomic number 2 never settles on a uniform tone. the actors don ' t know what to perform with their characters either, muddling the proceeding still far. as if that wasn ' t enough, the story suffers from major job in system of logic. woody harrelson is a talented actor with an admirable willingness to shoot on risky share, merely he ' s lost hither. presented as a crusading diarist world health organization personify horribly wrong, information technology makes no sense that harry would be stupid and dishonorable enough to get caught up in this system. harrelson clearly doesn ' thyroxin know what to do with harry ' s character, so he expend most of the film glowering, diaphoresis and generally acting miserable. in the meantime, elisabeth shue render a goofy performance, behaving similar a vamp on nitric oxide. as the stepdaughter, chloe sevigny pose on so many slurpy quirks that she comes turned like juliette harry sinclair lewis jr. despite a number of steaming scenes, thither ' s no chemistry between harrelson and the woman. to make matters worse, schlondorff gravely dubs in dialogue while the quality ' s rim are running over each others bodies. two particularly bad view foreground the film ' south problems. while drive with a body in his trunk, harry has a minor car wreck and a pig evidence up. the officeholder want to help alter harry ' s flat tire and asks him to open the tree trunk. harry ' s pathetic attempts to keep the torso closed might have do work if play as comedy, merely under schlondorff ' s dismal way, the scene is scarcely embarrassing. the film ' due south low water mark amount when a spoiled guy prepares to kill harry and nina. we ' re supposed to be horrified learn our hero suspension over a bathtub fill with back breaker, but by this point the film have foundered so ill that the scene be merely reminiscent of when jessica and roger rabbit were suspended over a vat of dip. had " palmetto " been played with tongue firmly in boldness, it might have been an entertaining shaggy firedog narrative. but under the rough direction of schlondorff, the film personify just a soggy paint - by - numbers work out in neo - noir cluelessness. avoid this nonsensicality and break learn " l. a. secret " instead. 