a dissatisfactory life story about the homosexual relationship of two famous 19th 100 french poet. the film wangle to remove all the poetry from the poet and instead concentrated on their abrasive personality. the termination is merely an donnish exercise, leaving an worked up vacuum that it couldn ' t build on to show up them as the poets they be. on newspaper, this shouldn ' t have live so terrible - - it had a talented director in agnieszka holland (" the secret garden " ), a proven film writer in st. christopher lionel hampton (grievous liaisons ), and a capable mold. but the film was do in by information technology inapt script, the unlikeable way the film personify directed, and the miscasting of da vinci dicaprio as rimbaud. i line up his performance to be the most risible one in the film, with him acting more like a teenage brat than a young whizz, jabber obsenities without yield a suggestion that a true poet lies behind that frontal. he, especially, look bad because jacques louis david thewlis as paul paul verlaine face so undecomposed despite the turgid dialogue that was thrust upon him and how thin a character he be forced to follow. but when the 2 of them be unitedly, it looked like a mismatch. leonardo ' s jean nicholas arthur rimbaud entirely progress to the young poet look petulant and crude, yet we know from rimbaud ' s poetry, that he mustiness have have something going for him because his poetry be awe inspiring. the picture open in mail - revolutionary jacques anatole francois thibault in 1871, the 16 - class - old arthur rimbaud has sent the established symbolist poet verlaine a letter with his poems. he accepts verlaine ' s praises and invitation to make up a theatre guest in his splendid paris family, and rimbaud lead his sullen farm in rural charleville. once there, rimbaud is disappointed in the bourgeoisie household, has an straightaway conflict with verlaine ' s busty 18 - year - old wife mathilde (romane ), and finds to his rue that the drunken verlaine loves his rich wife for her body and that helium lives off her kinsfolk ' s money, even though he make nothing else in common with her. when paul verlaine states, " poets can read from i another, " rimbaud replies in a haughty feeling, " only if they ' re big poets. " helium volition persist in to treat the older poet like shite for the rest of their relationship. verlaine proves to be decrepit - willed, beating his wife on a regular basis, and flirt just as worthless a character as jean nicholas arthur rimbaud. when mathilde ' s sire flush rimbaud taboo of the business firm, verlaine find him in a rooming house and the two become lovers. information technology ' s a real sedative to check this story unfold into a serial of obnoxious behaviour pattern on the part of the two poets, which pass them to traveling together and mathilde take for a divorce. in bruxelles, verlaine catch arrested for sodomy and spends two years in jail. while rimbaud becomes angered at the literary world and never writes another verse form after he become 19. atomic number 2 instead goes to north africa and becomes an adventurer and a gun - runner, and after ten years there, comes home with a neoplasm on his genu and dies a changed man at the age of 37. the hopeless kinship between the two is what the picture covers in item and that be non really satisfying. the moving picture ends on a whine. .. with verlaine talking with rimbaud ' s sister about her brother and the poems of his he still have, which the sister want destroyed so as non to block the family or ruin the figure of her departed brother if published. this film was especially annoying because arthur rimbaud ' s poems are occupy with a visionary tenseness that live non still approached in this film, as the film exclusively manage to skim the surface of the lives of these poets and completely ignores the economic value of their poetry. i have no idea what the filmmaker was trying to order in this film, but whatever information technology be, it precisely didn ' t work. it for sure didn ' t bring any light into understand what rimbaud imply to modern poetry and wherefore he earned the report as the so - shout father of forward looking poesy. 