1 construe this pic on christmas day expecting an upbeat comedy. boy be i in for a christmas dissapointment! after an hour of the picture show, i be ready to change rooms - into another theatre of operations! read on to see what i have to say. ... iv rooms: starring: tim philip roth, jennifer beals, antonio banderas, quentin quentin jerome tarantino, valeria golino, blessed virgin, bruce willis, marisa tomei, alicia witt, lili deems taylor, and ione skye. potential stars ) " four rooms " comprise supposed to be ane of the biggest hit of the class. key word hither: " suppose. " four of the biggest film director in hollywood: quentin tarantino, robert rodriguez, alexander norman rockwell, and alison anders were all directing unrivaled bountiful celluloid with a prominent and popular cast. iodine dead reckoning information technology was all just too much because this turn over verboten to be the biggest flop of the year and it could of been cracking. the plot of ground: information technology ' s new year eve and it ' s a bellboy ' s foremost daylight on the job. he meet many mysterious and frizzy hotel guests as he stress to handle all his own problem. quentin jerome tarantino told his directors this plot, and each of them write a script. information technology turned out each of them had written a dark drollery. anders write and take the tale about a coven of witches (madonna, valeria golino, alicia witt, and ione skye ), which was the bad one knocked out of all of them. the second way (jennifer beals) represent better, merely lacking in plot of land. this way was about a world who accuses every man of sleeping with his wife. the third way (antonio banderas) represent the serious roomm, about two rambunctous child that trash a hotel suite. the terminal single (quentin jerome tarantino, willis) was about a movie superstar wanting the bellhop to chop off somebody ' s finger. the moving picture was just plain scrap. there was nothing here that even makes upward a quality movie. it be not funny, and i didn ' t hear one gag in the theatre of operations throughout the whole film. tim philip roth is horrible as the bumbling and gumming bellman, and he ruins every joke in the film. the endorse hurl lose meaning to the word of honor support and the only mentionable actors / actresses are antonio banderas and jennifer beals. marisa tomei appears in a stupid cameo office. this film be the worst film of the yr and the film could have be bully, perhaps like a to a greater extent upbeat " shopping centre suite, " but it wasn ' t. equally trashy as it was, some people will yell information technology classic. do you call a man chopping off a finger with madonna louise ciccone ' s chest show a hellenic film? look for more of ken ' s kritic korner coming soon! please check the newsgroups nether the movie reviews section for updated reviews. atomic number 15. s. " four rooms " made number 1 on my top tenner worst list of 1995. 