in 1989, director edward zwick began his career with the powerful civil state of war drama, " glory, " but since then, he has cook uninterrupted letdown, to me at least, with 1994 ' s " legends of the tumble, " and 1996 ' s " courage under fire. " those two flick weren ' t bad, merely non very good, only with zwick ' s latest film, " the siege, " atomic number 2 give in conclusion made one. " the besieging, " be a modernistic - daylight action - thriller that focuses on terrorism that live sweeping done new york city. investigating the affair constitute fbi agents anthony hubbard (denzel washington) and plainspoken haddad (tony shalhoub ), world health organization are beginning hit by the trial by ordeal when a city charabanc explodes with several innocent people on it. later, a bomb goes away in a great white way theater, killing yet to a greater extent. they soon meet cia operative elise kraft paper (annette bening ), who may really well go for the key fruit to the identity of the arab terrorist. there are some movies that but get into ' t call for to be made, and, " the siege " whitethorn rattling good be one of them. oh, certain, zwick thinks he is stool a " meaningful " action flick, since he has added lot of exposition scenes in which the audience is basically lectured on the horrors of act of terrorism, merely what he in truth deliver made be actually no more substantial than, say, " die hard, " which also starred robert the bruce willis. this fourth dimension, willis is dreadfully ware as a superior general of the u. s. army, world health organization puts a country of martial law over nyc during the climax. whatever points, " the siege, " earnestly tried to make, were obviously fall back in the version from page to riddle, or possibly, zwick never real had anything dangerous to say in the first position. the character of the arab community equal obnoxiously stereotyped, just as char were in the recent, " john caprenter ' s vampires, " by placing them all in the category of " uncollectible guys. " " the siege, " contains three okay actors - - - washington, bening, and shalhoub - - - just president washington is stick with a eccentric that contain non an ounce of still remote development. bening has somewhat more to do, and have an challenging character to work with, while shalhoub passably much steals the appearance, even though, once again, he birth no genuine character. by the climax of, " the beleaguering, " with washington giving a sermon to willis on the so - called " message " of the story, i felt like i had roam into a subsequence to, " on madly ground, " in which steven seagal gave a 10 - minute speech at the end about preserving the environment. " the siege " be constantly heavy - handed, not entertain oregon insightful, and just work to prove that non even the best actors can save a film that lack a acceptable screenplay. 