matchless of my favorite song by the stranglers admit the language, " you ' d better watch taboo for the skin deep. " ace ' d like to gallop the like warning: watch out for skin deep, merely any you behave get into ' t watch skin deep. skin deep is a tiresome and uneven comedy write and directed by blake edward. john the evangelist ritter genius as zach, a dry out astir writer and insatiable womanizer with a bountiful - time drinking problem. i ne'er saw black prince ' comedy the humans world health organization hump women, but i have to wonder whether skin deep is a remaking. you understand, to arrange it mildly, zach goes to sack out with just about each and every fair sex helium meets. as the picture open, zach ' s wife, alex, catches him with non merely his mistress but also his mistress ' hairdresser. like any sensible wife, alex kicks zach out of the house and disjoint him. in response, zach goes on a phantasmal journey of drinking, philander, psychotherapy, and self - discovery. if you ' re grow on by the idea of watching ritter drink, get arrested, experience sex, drink, gate crash his mercedes, have more sex, drink, get arrested once more, drink, and sing horrendously at the piano, and then skin deep should be right improving your back street. skin trench make the fatal misunderstanding of inflicting on us unbelievable and unsympathetic characters. zach be a rich, ' lxxx litre. a. adaptation of ritter ' s jackass tripper character from " three ' s party. " like seafarer, zach is clumsy and cumbersome; he ' s the type of guy rope whose defective object makes him accidently squirt breath freshener into his eye. zach is supposed to represent charming and charismatic, but i go wrong to see yet unmatched redeeming virtue in him. consequently, i never felt the least morsel of sympathy beaver state shame for the philandering alcohol dependent during his import of crisis. in fact, when zach crashes his old hat - married woman ' s wedding in a desperate effort to stop her from remarry, i actually rout for her to go through with the ceremony. to summate insult to injury, edwards gives his turgid supporting cast zero but stereotype with which to work. for instance, vincent gardenia ' s talents are run off in his part as the fatherlike bartender. of wholly the women in the film - - and in that location are many - - alyson walter reed, alone, stands out as zach ' s married woman; reed brings intelligence and sensitivity to the role. because we don ' t care the slightest bite about anyone in skin deep, the pic ' s few weakly try at drama inescapably fail. the comedy in skin rich doesn ' t menu much better. most of the jokes cost dumb, predictable, and sitcomish. about every ten minutes, however, duke of windsor manage wangle to add up up with a sound line or a novel heap - muzzle, the most good of which involves a duad of " dueling " condoms. overall, the joke in skin deep be scarce too infrequent and the characters just too shallow for the film to stay afloat. my net unfavorable judgment of the picture show lies in its glamorous depiction of alcohol and drunkenness. zach ' s excessive drinking is clearly ruining his lifetime, but even so it seems to give him more than joy than pain. zach ' s drink binges never hold any genuinely unplayful or lasting consequences. if helium crash his mercedes, he baffle a new one. if atomic number 2 gets arrested, his lawyer bail him taboo of jail. if his married woman leaves him, she will eventually decide to give him a second opportunity if he ' ll clean up his act. the whole step in skin trench is all wrong; edwards treats a very serious proceeds far too thinly, making a joke out of a problem that be no joking topic. perhaps edward iii should take studied dudley moore in arthur operating room, good yet, michael keaton in clean and sober before making skin deep. 