when henry m. robert forster found himself celebrated once more after appearing in " jackie brownness ", he immediately signed up for a little film call off " american perfekt ". this was nearly two years ago. i waited patiently for the film to be released, simply information technology ne'er was. at last, i forgot astir it. the other day, though, while ace cost peruse the choice of the local video store, single stumbled upon, you guessed it, " american perfekt ". i immediately rented it and with a sure amount of glee, rushed abode to catch it. have got like a shot seen the film, i understand why information technology never saw theatrical passing. " american perfekt " is a jumbled mess. the storyline be non - existent. information technology drive me half the movie just to enter out what was going on. and at that tip, the only thing i in truth have a go at it for sure was that the movie be * ne'er * going to introduce a plot of some sort. information technology desire to get by on quirkyness and and so - called appeal alone, and it just doesn ' t work. henry m. robert forster plays a psychiatrist world health organization picks up amanda plummer, and they head off on the route unitedly. along the way to no discernable destination, they run into all sorting of kooky and kooky characters. i suppose this detached - wheeling, no patch style is suppose to give the film an element of danger and excitment, merely all information technology did comprise make maine sleepy. single ' m all for strain new things within the realm of film, but not at the disbursal of coherence. aught in this pic makes sense. the action of the characters give way unexplained, still when they ' re truly bizarre. i ' ll establish you an exercise, without give too much away. jacques louis david thewlis has a part as a drifting con - man. at single point, mid - way through the movie, atomic number 2 runs forster and plummer cancelled the road with his car. as he pass them, we see that his face is cover in blood. do you think we would sustain an explanation as to what happened to him? you would guess so, wouldn ' t you. " american perfekt " is a waste of prison term. nothing is gained from watching this picture, except peradventure a sick headache. and if you do rent it, don ' t bother trying to envision out what ' s go on in the hopes that everything will be resolved by the final stage. this doesn ' t happen. and no explanation is given for the misspelling of " double dyed ", either. 