capsule: a ham - pass and ended / underwritten morality shimmer masquerading as entertainment, so muddled it doesn ' t yet know what it ' s in truth recommend, if anything. a clock time to kill has be hailed as the best of the grisham adaptations, and it ' s easy to see why: it present a strong, about rancorously so, story; it is full of good actors (samuel l. mahalia jackson, matthew mcconaughey, sandra bullock, kevin spacey, charles dutton ); and it ' s ostensibly about some important social issue that we ' re all tangling with. information technology be non, nonetheless, a good movie, and all of the reason i ' ve listed above have something to do with wherefore. right from the rootage, the motion picture is dead - readiness on stacking its deck as thoroughly and unrepentantly as potential. a twain of cracker white, boozed and drugged out of their minds, kidnap a young black girl, abuse and rape her horribly, and leave her for stagnant. after their collar, their father (jackson) takes an violation rifle and gun them down on the way to tribulation. mcconaughey is then draught in as his lawyer, and the rest comprise somehow strangely predictable courtoom motion picture show dramatics. the acting constitute not quite what it should make up, given the mould we have. sandra bullock (who be a good actress but non a serious one) looks clueless; spacey ' s emphasis switches itself on and cancelled at random (and he ' s given a totally ungrateful role to play as well, a role without an iota of depth ); and mcconaughey ' s use be stamped from the cardboard back of a cereal corner. the well nigh memorable role is donald sutherland ' s, and his be a bit part. single constantly believe it an index number of a movie ' s desperation when information technology is able to present shocking and outlandish events, and somehow not have them generate an apothecaries' ounce of impact. there be one scene - - a wow outside the court - - that should have created incredible tension, but hoist upward play out comparable a text exercise on how not to deploy a scene same this. because the movie doesn ' metric ton know what it ' s really astir, it * can ' t * generate any genuine tensity, and so it has to artifically inject tension through clumsy plotting. one of the ways information technology come this is by make in a unharmed subplot about a clump of deplorable ku klux klan cross - burners - - which is tidied up so neatly that it borders on the nihilistic. 1 was cue of the unworthy betrayed, which tried to tart up a fundamentally empty storey by inject vile, graphic acts of the apostles of racialism as little more than an care - getter. the movie immolates an tremendous amount of information technology potential by making a few critical misapprehension. first of all, the jackson fiber be non severe to judge; there ' s no tension in his quandary. he ' s self - avowedly guilty and should constitute sent to jail, no matter how moral his effort. the old saw about how no court in the land would convict him, if he was white, embody supposed to personify the implicit in theme of the motion picture, but information technology ' s never developed into an organic component of the narration. it just sorting of floats around on peak while the movie grinds away furiously with information technology plot mechanics. another mistake follow in motivational system of logic: by not having the ii livid thugs arraigned 1st - - or maybe tried and then dismissed from deficiency of evidence, say - - we make that a good deal less empathy for jackson ' s character. i ' yard probably hypothecate to think that just because he had his daughter raped, we are * automatically * supposed to find empathy for him, but that ' s precisely the sort of facile intellection that make literal justice impossible. ( see the virgin spring for more than on that notation. ) be jackson ' s character then simply insane? that prospect international relations and security network ' t given terribly good treatment either. one of the most exasperating things about coutroom movie is how little they seem to know about how the law works, operating theater how lawyers commence their information. mcconaughey ' s character get an of import slipup latterly in the movie, when one of his witnesses turns out to have been convicted of a capital offense. how did the prosecution grow this entropy? how come atomic number 2 didn ' t get it? the unanimous mode these questions get handle are symptomatic of the picture ' s way of dealing with complex legal and moral questions in cheap screenwriterly slam - bam style. this is the biggest trouble: the movie isn ' thyroxine about jesse louis jackson ' s fibre, beaver state his dilemma, or this case, surgery any of its (frequently interest despite the porcine written material and direction) characters. it ' s non ultimately about anything at all, except its dazed geared - down plot, which inch onwards in one and only unremarkable scene after another towards a totally contrived ending. at deuce and a half hr, the pic is overlong and drastically overwritten: there ' s endless stuff about things which ultimately add upwards to nix, and no writing about the fabric that should truly matter. information technology ' s all handwaving. the closing controversy are also underhanded and underhanded, and underscored my suspicion that the movie is manipulative and unfair. it ' s not easy to pass water a movie astir something. the other clarence day i assure kurosawa ' s phenomenal rashomon, a movie that is rattling astir the way masses trade with truth and world (or don ' t ). a time to pour down is as empty and ponderous a movie as i ' ve seen in a farsighted time. 