john boorman ' s " zardoz " personify a wacky cinematic debacle and so fundamentally misapprehend and laughably carry out that it takes on a flakey enjoyment calibre all its own. non since the rampant bumblings of one edward d. wood jnr. has a moving picture show been thus silly and so serious at the same metre. of course, forest ' s career can make up explained by two things: he had no money and he take no talent. boorman, on the other hand, cannot motor lodge such excuse to explain " zardoz " (or his follow - up movie, the equally awful " exorciser 2: the heretic " ). boorman obviously have a sizeable budget, a matinee idol movie ace (sean connery) in the lead role, and although you wouldn ' t have sex it from this film, boorman does so have talent. this is the gentleman's gentleman who made the slick innovative chef d'oeuvre " deliverance " (1972 ), as intimately as the autobiographic earth state of war ii drama " hope and glory " (1987 ), the slightly over - conceived arthurian epic " excalibur " (1981) and the father - logos hobo camp escapade " the emerald forest " (1985 ). his films all show that boorman is never lacking in mental imagery, only sometimes that comes at the cost of coherence and mouthful. if boorman is anything, he ' s ambitious, and when he succeeds, it ' siemens in idealistic fashion. unfortunately, the bigger they exist, the harder they settle, and when boorman fall, the reverberative impact can represent see for miles roughly. " zardoz " is meant to takes information technology place among the luxurious of mystical movies, an obsession of boorman ' south. his screenplay try to elicit the same mythological intension of the arthurian legends or even " the wizard of oz, " a christian bible which see into the movie ' sulfur plot. but, despite all this reach, the resulting pic embody more accidentally funny than intentionally enigmatical or compelling. the events remove place in the distant class 2293, but there is little of the typical futurist movie - cape to cost find out. in fact, thing seems to have moved backwards, with citizenry turn on horses, shooting old - mode guns, and living in large victorian mansions. it ' s to a greater extent middle age than space age. the world of " zardoz " is divided into ii distinct hemispheres: the outlands, where all the miserable, miserable people subsist, and the vortex, where a select group of moneyed intellect live in comfort and everlasting living. these immortals never grow onetime, they never enlist in intimate activity, they possess psychological top executive, and they live in a sort of quasi - utopian marxist society where everyone is equal, and everyone contributes equally to the society. however, if one break the prescript, that someone is penalize by be aged so many years. if someone conk out the dominion enough, helium operating theater she is aged to the point of senility, and imprisoned to an eternal beingness in a gerontological home with others aged criminals. one and only of the immortals, arthur frayn (niall buggy ), a squirmy man with a mustache and goatee tattooed on his face, embody charged with keep order in the outlands and forcing the residents to farm so the immortals crapper be feed. alike " the adept of oz, " he adopts a god - like status among the multitude by fly in to their part of the world in a elephantine rock carved like a menacing heading. ( this fly caput is one of the motion picture show ' s curtain raising images, and information technology ' s a beat giveaway of the foolery to add up. ) call himself zardoz, frayn gathers a bunch of outlander and makes them into a group called the exterminator, whose aim is to kill most of the other outlanders so they can ' t procreate and take up more resources. from inner his giant, stone foreland, zardoz bellows gravely laugh - inducting statements like, " the gun comprise skilful. the penis personify evil. " that line unaccompanied be worth the movie ' s cult following. unmatchable day, an exterminator appoint zed (sean connery ), pinch into zardoz ' s flying stone, push frayn out, and goes back to the vortex. once there, the immortals tag him a " brutal " and study him like a lab betrayer, taking great, contrary attention in exploring his sex, which be a mystery to them. they seem especially interested in his ability to gain an erection, and there be ace downright hilarious sequence where a bunch of scantily - clad female scientists show zed erotic footage on a video recording screen in an attempt to determine what gets him worked up. i say " hilarious " because that is precisely what " zardoz " be. it is obvious that boorman did not intend information technology to be so; helium make this film with the straightest of faces, although iodine sustain a hard sentence believing that as production affect forward, he didn ' t get even the slightest inkling of how patently pathetic it was becoming. just looking at connery is enough to give one the giggles - he spends most of the film pass about in a red loin fabric that resembles a diaper, a mane of hair braided halfway down his rear, a wyatt earp - manner handlebar mustache, and a pair of thigh - high patent leather boots that would look more appropriate on a cheap hollywood hooker. boorman make the moving picture show right after the critical and financial succeeder of " delivery, " which is the only reason i can imagine a studio would green - visible light this drive. he attracted some full bodied natural endowment on both sides of the photographic camera, include cinematographer geoffrey unsworth (" 2001 " ), whose spectacular visuals are astir the only when good matter in " zardoz " besides the inadvertent humor. sean connery had made his last place epistle of james bond film in 1971, and perhaps atomic number 2 was attend for a change in tread. he got precisely that in " zardoz, " and information technology ' s a curiosity it didn ' t end his career. one ' m certain boorman intended for this movie to make some grand statements. be it a treatise about the infallibility of eternal life? is information technology a condemnation of those who view growing one time to equal a bad thing? operating theatre is information technology a societal statement, something about the inherent negativity of class distinctions and the violence information technology make? karl marx mightiness like information technology if he were more similar timothy leary. come to think of it, perchance boorman made it as an extended lsd head trip. people high on illicit marrow are the only ace i can imagine enjoy this asinine fatuity as anything more than than a completely unintentional comedy. 