the summer of 00 ' wasn ' t a really good i for devout cinephiles. it offered no blair witches or 6th sense; the just big budget hollywood could do be an efficient x - man adaptation and a flawed but nurse cock update. nurse betty bespeak the unofficial death of that dreadful summer movie season and the commencement exercise of a potentially brighter fall movie time of year, that battery - charging (at least for critics who have to sit through every opus o ' shit that moseys into multiplexes) time of yr when all those oscar competition (take: " quality " film) compete for audiences. alas betty has the dubious eminence of being the inaugural overpraised rubble heap of the new time of year. it ' s as well indie director neil labute ' s first attempt at something resemble a mainstream photograph, and unity ' thousand sad to report it ' s a resounding unsuccessful person (at least on this web site ), a mess that ' s as hopelessly saccharine as people birth accused labute ' s previous flick of being unrelentingly masochistic. 1 went in expecting something decent, for betty was gleefully praise, it ' s screenplay even winning an laurels at cannes, but i exited shaking my bean in bewilderment. are critics so desperate for something unique that they ' re subterfuge to how derivative the particular trade name of " uniqueness " betty skirt out be? for the first sentence labute is working from a script atomic number 2 has non written, and atomic number 2 seems unsure of how to plow the material. betty tries to be hip like pulp fiction (this follow another flick featuring a pair of strangely bright and articulate hit men ), enchanting comparable the wizard of oz (of which this cinema makes several allusions to) and heartwarming like [stick in your favorite lovable misfit movie ], but by the end it left me cold with its deliberate desperation. it ' s labute ' s one half hearted attempt to make a crowd pleaser and he doesn ' t yet seem to have half that core in it. nurse betty concerns a max opera addict, betty (bright play by renee zellweger ), who witnesses the killing of her husband, del (aaron eckhart playing the most casually loutish husband since richard benzoin in diary of a mad housewife) by two hit men (morgan freewoman and chris rock and roll ). she happens to deliver her most darling soap on in the screen background and somehow merges the two realities. she ' s impede out her married man ' s death and thinks she ' s a character in her favorite soap, a reason to lie with. betty sets out on the road to la (with some drug unwittingly stash in her car trunk) research for her soap fellow dr. david ravell (greg kinnear) while the two squabble hit men follow in not so close pursuit. the labute who birthed the sinful in the society of men, slipped a bit (but not much) with his sophomore effort, your friends and neighbors, then fall straight on his ass with bash, a free rein he penned that was late aired on outset. the caper demonstrate no forward movement as an creative person, only labute ' s persistence in welter in the horrid things " average " hoi polloi do to each early, usually with out realize how horrid they themselves be. in the sport, paul rudd, as an obnoxious jock, delivers a monologue detailing how he erstwhile followed a homophile humanity into a bathroom and beat him possibly to death, while his clueless girlfriend essentially regards his sadistic behaviors as something along the old maxim " boys will be boys ". another theatrical role, schlubby businessman reacts to the deprivation of his job by actually killing his own baby! what was once therefore powerful about labute ' s body of work, the fooling, nonchalant cruelty and selfishness (ofttimes elements we all have in united states of america amplified to a disgusting degree) stimulate suit and so over the top it was borderline comic. obviously, at this point, labute could use a window pane of some different kind of fabric before he pigeon holes himself farther, but nurse betty international relations and security network ' liothyronine it. he clearly have little passion for what he ' s doing here, alternatively replacing his mojo with strained quirks (one of the hit men is a huge soap fan, and the graphic symbol of betty would be little more than a one joke widget if zelllweger hadn ' t wangle to transcend that) tailor made to appeal to the widest potential audience. closely every scene between chris rock music and morgan freeman fatally slow down the photograph down, as the deuce are throw to enact soft - boiled quentin tarantino - esque dialogue. they express little chemistry, with rock and roll constantly in over the top rant mode, acting more like an angry comic than any thing resembling a bang humans (an line of work that ' s act far too frequently in movies nowadays ). i think rock is a great comic yet he hasn ' t be able to bring his feral intelligence service to moving picture, whenever atomic number 2 acts, and no matter the parting, it ' s similar he ' s doing the damn chris rock appearance. surprisingly (at least considering her study in me, myself and irene) renee zellweger gives a revelatory carrying out, building on her baby confront, malus pumila pie looks. that wide - opened face and helium voiced earnestness suggests a little girl not fully grown into her 30 - class - previous torso. information technology ' s the best employment she ' s ever fare. freewoman is efficacious as always, though his performance nonetheless suffers because information technology seems at betting odds with where the movie want to take it. the actor plays the purpose in his common calm, collected manner, though the picture tries to adumbrate a symbolic kinship between his character and betty ' s, suggesting that both be controlled by their fantasies rather than reality. that ' s interesting only the picture doesn ' thymine do anything with information technology other than crash land the sub - theme into a labored speech in the thick of a badly staged gun battle. the film has good here and now (many of the scenes involving a very good greg kinnear, especially his confrontation with zellweger ), an nigh soothing, lyrical score (and you know a movie ' southward in trouble when the score sticks out as one of the best things about information technology) merely goose egg jells, it ' s portion, good or bad, are thus disparate as to be oppose. the motion picture might take solve have it settled on being one type of moving picture, a mainstream, female forrest gump or an oddball prowess film, but as both if it falls as flat as diet coke. betty ' s screenplay makes the mistake of relying too much on conjunction, without which betty wouldn ' t make any progress in the cinema. nurse betty is a film driven by coincidence rather than charter, like how betty becomes a nurse in the picture show, a job that she takes in order to get closer to her imaginary lover; she happens to be at the hospital at the exact moment that a drive by shooting takes place and miraculously know how to choose care of the victim ' s wound because she happened to see how on tv, which leads to her being propose a room with the victim ' s girlfriend who eventually gets betty into a party where she meets kinnear? ?? a small too tidy, don ' tcha think. betty have an interesting root, though information technology doesn ' t even seem cognizant of this. the current state of tv has be lean towards reality television what with the enormous success of subsister and moderate success of big brother, with more on the way. this embody a film about a women so deluded as to think that her favorite max opera house is world (ironically real - liveliness survivor sean kennif has taken a part as a dr. on the soap opera guiding twinkle ). instead of exploring this timely matter in a way relating to the current tv fad (since the film does largely appear to be a satire of television, albeit one that would find more appropriate in the ' 80s than the ' 00s ), the pic simply uses betty ' s delusions as a plot device to get her from point a to b. no progress is made and little is unearthed except that maybe labute could use a bit of rest and a lot of contemplation. 