plot: a depressed - and - out girl move in with some complete - the - top models and falls in erotic love with a sappy - but - loveable guy from across the street. aaaaaaaaah! then one and only clarence shepard day jr., she sees him pink a char upside the brain with a baseball bat. ooooooooh! she must and so join together with her model - friends to find out whether or not this guy follow rattling cockamamy - only - lovable, or a psycho sea wolf. aaaaaaaaah! review article: completely idiotic. okay, so maybe 1 ' mib be a little too nice. this movie starts off dumb, moves into the farcical and finally graduates to idiocy. on that point. .. that ' sulfur to a greater extent like it! and how, you crataegus oxycantha ask? well, information technology ' s unproblematic really. four of the dumbest stereotypical theoretical account in the public (oh my god, ace merely found out that the actress playing the parts are models in substantial liveliness. .. yipes! ) join monica thrower (in a role which can only be described as an obvious cry for help) and freddie prinze jr. (not the actor, but the character better known as freddie prinze jr. ), in a patch so stupid and far - fetch, that you have to question erstwhile more, how shit like this gets by the hollywood bigwigs. this thing stinks to high - shangri la. information technology ' s just kvetch embarrassing for everyone involved. i even felt my i.q. dip below its common low as toilet humor in some manner worked its way into this so - called amorous - clowning - action movie? ugh. what a pile of dung. hey, i ' mb actually start to sound a little like harry knowles here, simply one guess i could see where his frustration come up from time to time. information technology ' s sad really. a motion picture show which really take rather a few people in my audience laughing at information technology idiocy, including the over - apply " folks blot out in the bathroom while someone else comes in to submit a crap and fart " gag. and how about that dumb blonde model world health organization keeps run into things. pure mirth! or possibly one ' m just excessively wearied, excessively much of a critic, not relaxed plenty to enjoy this fluff - composition. .. uuuhhmmm. .. naaaaah!! this movie blow the heavy one. it ' s chockfull of stupid characters give up inane negotiation match snuggly into a preposterous game. this constitute the variety of picture that has one character introduce another character into a car headfirst to the storey only because. .. well, it ' sec supposed to be funny, find? you see, that person and then induce their legs swinge in the early person ' s nerve as they drive and that distracts the number one wood, see, and well, that ' s kinda good story, no? harumph. .. yea, easily. .. you get the characterisation! anyhoo, freddie prinze jr. .. . nuff allege. monica potter, a bad life history move, but we might forgive you if you keep up the julia roberts bite. the rest of the simulation miss. .. advantageously, thanks for being there hence i had something to look at, but please apologize to the entire modeling community as a unit, for give them all out to be accomplished moron!! so why the three points out of ten, you crataegus oxycantha ask? considerably, it ' s elementary really. unrivalled point survive to the russian model girl and that cool accent (don ' t ask maine why, but it really turn pine tree state on ). i point goes out to all of the model girls for being in the movie (nice windowpane medal. .. natch! ). and one last power point goes out to the makers of this film, who spared us any long grouped story, and made sure to give us the opportunity of allow the theatre after only 90 minutes of manufactured food waste, so that we could scarper out as fast as we can, grab the next individual that we see walk down the street and warn them of the devil that is. .. freddie prinze jr. .. i mean, nous over heels. you ' ve been warn, good hoi polloi. ps: didja notice how i didn ' tonne even mention erect window at one time in my entire recap? i didn ' triiodothyronine want to taint the memory of the classical flick by having information technology verbalised alongside this thing, but then once more, i just did mention information technology, but i guess information technology doesn ' t tally in the ps section. .. operating theatre do it? ooooh, whatsoever. .. one have a headache! ( i think my brain is come rearward to animation ) where ' s joblo coming from? decade things ane detest about you (7 / 10) - coyote ugly (six. 5 / ten ) - john l. h. down to you (6. 5 / ten ) - save the utmost dancing (7 / x) - she ' s completely that (6. 5 / 10 ) - the hymeneals planner (4 / x) - you ' ve get mail (5. quintuplet / 10 ) 