" the 13th warrior " come at the end of as summer where we ' ve already have man eating shark (" deep blue ocean " ), valet eating crocodiles (" lake placid ") and even a man hunting beldam (" the anthony charles lynton blair beldam project " ). straightaway, " the 13th warrior " presents a tribe of flesh eat men world health organization believe that they are bears. the story, if that ' s what you want to cry information technology, conform to ahmed ibn fahdlan (antonio banderas) an arabian poet who falls in love with his king ' s married woman and is banished from his home land. he so travels to the landed estate of the vikings and becomes an ambassador to them. eventually the vikings are address upon to protect the multitude of the village who are being hunted by the flesh eating human being. thirteen warrior be chosen to go on the mission, and as you guessed information technology, ahmed is choose as the thirteenth. helium ' s not a warrior, and at maiden not good accept by the vikings, just as the movie advance he ' ll make to prove himself both on and off the battlefield. that ' s essentially the intact plot. there embody also a romantic subplot that has been thus badly mishandled and, one assumes, drastically cut that you begin to marvel wherefore the filmmakers didn ' thyroxin just redact out all of the scenery attaining to that part of the account. rather they chose to go forth just enough of those scenes in to annoy the viewer. the pic is essentially non - stop action and when it pauses and tries to formulate a story it become a laughing livestock. the battle scenes, although well choreographed, are non involve and non the least routine exciting. we wear ' t get to know any of the characters and so we assume ' t care world health organization lives and world health organization die. the film, which wants to embody beowolf, comes across more as a failed action - dangerous undertaking account aspiring to epic proportions simply not achieving information technology on any grade. it was directed by john mctiernan who ' s, " the thomas crownwork affair " be as well playing in theater of operations currently. and information technology ' s not that mctiernan make at the same time on both movie but that, " the 13th warrior " was placed on the shelf for so long with the studio simply waiting for a meter to dump it on audiences. it belongs back on the ledge. 