2 daytime in the valley is more or less a pulp magazine fiction rap off. it fundamentally involves how a cluster of far out characters in the los angeles area end up cause their lives become intertwined in some very strange ways. i ' grand not going into much enceinte point than that, since it would take forever to explain, and quite an frankly, i ' m not unforced to spend any more than time on it than the 2 hour that i ' ve already wasted. while information technology tries very hard to be pulp fable, ii days in the valley falls way shortsighted. this is quite a execration considering the cast admit danny aiello, king james i spader and jeff daniels. while the story international relations and security network ' t much, and the dialogue and character pace entirely marginally well, 2 days in the valley does get a couple of bright spots. james spader ' s character, while non much good than the residual, is at least fun to watch in a sick variety of path. and we make start to see a nice cat fight between uber babes teri hatcher and charlize theron (in her initiatory role ). you know a moving picture show international relations and security network ' t that good when the highlight is a free for all between two adult female. yet if they follow both gorgeous. unity will devote the writers some credit for the fairly clever ways in which they managed to cross the life of this group of character that would have otherwise ne'er interact. but marvel at that ingenuity is a far outcry from actually enjoying the result. while some of the quality and their several stories constitute evenhandedly interesting, they inevitably live brought gloomy as they intersect with the other one half of the character that i really care absolutely nil about. if 1 were to put a issue on it, merely about half of the floor and half the characters in this film be peculiarly interesting or otherwise enjoyable to watch. this is the sort of motion picture show that only a immense fan of one operating theater more than of the shape members should rent, and yet then prepare for disappointment. non yet charlize theron being naked would get me to sit through this moving picture again. beaver state at least not all of information technology anyway. 