one ' molarity going to start this review off with a suppositious question. let ' s read you ' ve precisely been in a railway car stroke, and the driver of the early vehicle is unconscious. your friends have leave to go bring help, and you ' re waiting to see if the victim wake improving. a tow - truck come along, and the number one wood hops kayoed of the truck to see what ' s going on. he then proceeds to kill the unconscious dupe by snapping his neck. do you: a) go outside screaming for your life, stay away from the main road, vitamin b complex) run away (but non too fast) and stay on the main road even when the madman in the truck starts following you, * stop * to catch your breather, try to negotiate with the psycho, and when that fail, start running off again, completely the spell * staying on the main road *? if you resolve " a ", you are far more reasoning than the screenwriter of " texas chain saw mass murder: the next generation " and bequeath likely detest this movie. however, if you answered " b ", prepare to revel a film made with idiots similar you in mind! " texas chainsaw massacre: the next propagation " is be predict a continuation, simply it ' s really more than of a remaking of the original. at that place ' s a few changes here and there, only information technology ' s essentially the same (yet the infamous " meathook " conniption have been re - create. ) the fib opens with four teenagers hit the route on the night of their prom, and somehow ending up in the middle of nowhere. needless to sound out, they soon encounter leatherface and his nutty family. much slaughter ensues. to call this movie inept would be putting it gently. in gain to the laughably idiotic situation 1 note in my hypothetical question, there is a moment towards the terminal of the film where unrivalled of the baddie exist kill by an airplane that literally amount out of nowhere. it just swoops drink down and kills him with information technology wheel. no explantion is given as to who be vaporize information technology oregon why helium / she be going around killing people with the planes wheel. the dialogue is even to a greater extent terrible. zellwegger, who represent kidnapped by " the fellowship " early on, living trying to have normal conversations with these people. when you ' re surrounded by maniacs wielding chainsaws and dead army corps, i would think that rationality would hold up verboten the window. speaking of going come out of the closet the windowpane, there is a scene in which zellwegger jumps out a window. apparently, the stunt two baser had a piddling trouble, because she visibly gets stick in the windowpane. the film director quickly cut to a wide pellet where the stunt double * doesn ' thymine * experience caught in the windowpane. this was matchless of many glaring inconsistencies. there live so many, in fact, that if i were to name them all, this critical review would be respective page long. the only reason 1 am giving this movie one star instead of no hotshot is because of saint matthew mcconaughey. he plays a penis of " the family " with a hydraulic wooden leg (home - realise, i might add) and exist thence completely over - the - top, you can ' t aid simply be amazed by his performance. atomic number 2 obviously let a lot of playfulness with this part, and it truly shows. atomic number 2 makes jack nicholson ' s portrayal of the psychotic lodge keeper in " the radiate " look restrained in equivalence. for a horror movie, " lone star state chain saw mass murder: the next multiplication " contain surprisingly little gore. in fact, in contains none. there ' s a little blood hither and there, but that ' sulfur every bit far as it goes. which run maine to consider that the budget must have been * amazingly * low, and information technology shows. everything astir the movie looks cheap, from the set to the costumes. specially leatherface. one time frightening and nightmare inducing, he ' s immediately as terrifying as dame edna. do yourself a favor and take a passing play at this remaking. check ko'd the far superscript original instead. 