okay, i scarce don ' metric ton know why, but i look to be getting this diversionary attack to disney - build literal - liveliness actors movies. .. as well as material - life act tim allen moving picture. one couldn ' t yet make it done " the santa clause, " indeed why did i even learn this? ( just to make an baseless point in time, i did like " miniature report, " but that was well) too, i have this aversion to bad french farces, and if they remake them into american films. well, this constitute my excuse: it was prom night, i ' molarity not a promenade person, my best champion and i impulsively went to the parkway - ins where they be playing " grosse pointe blank " - wouldn ' t mind seeing it again - but i had to suffer through this first. i agreed to run. ugh. in all fairness, i can order that at least this inane plot wasn ' t dreamed by an american. it was originally a french movie released in america under the pseudonym of " footling amerindic, bad city " (french claim - " un indien dans la ville " ). i stayed away from information technology like it was limburgher, and according to roger ebert, that comprise a good estimation. only i can only ideate how bad that moldiness be if this is an improvement. the unintelligent plot concerns a father world health organization simply find out atomic number 2 has a son from his current marriage. lease maine clarify: his wife (jobeth williams) left him years ago, and i imply years - around thirteen or so - and get going to an island in the carribean operating theatre something. he goes to her to finally get the divorce paper sign so atomic number 2 can remarry this. .. affair ( played with an emphasis on complete - done by lolita davidovitch, world health organization personify usually good ). she tells him atomic number 2 has a boy as his waterman goes off. he meets him, he stimulate a uncanny figure (mimi seku, ane think. .. or as the spoiled caper goes - " mitsubishi " - laugh track cue ), atomic number 2 know english, they fish, more bad jokes, pirhanna laugh, the kid has a pet spider, he makes a promise to take him to the statue of liberty. .. you make out the drill. straight off this is where the plot complicates (easily, complicates for this unrivaled, at least ): the fish - out - of - water joke switches from tim allen on an island to his island son in modern york city. tim be a blood line broker and his coffee profits be engulf because his laptop died and he wasn ' t able bodied to communicate with his assistant or whatever he is - martin shortsighted. a russian mob be throw out into the plot somewhere (how come in every hokey gallic import, there is a mob? ! ) tim see a lesson of life from his son and we discover that cellular phones can operate on an island even though thither live no socket to recharge the batteries. the story is crap, the jokes be schmaltzy and non really funny, and the actors suffer to shinny to make it interesting. but the cloth is so fowl that even a rewrite by quentin quentin tarantino couldn ' t help it. the whole metre, one observe thinking that a grown person had to think this up and several more grown people hold to do this. at the end of filming, did they all scream knocked out, " we ' ve made a bully flick, hombre! " i sure hope not. big question to get from this film: why would someone want to remake what embody billed as one of the bad celluloid of all fourth dimension if they ' re just going to perform it the precise same way? huh? my (for some of the thespian ' names and a antic or 2 that produce pine tree state chuckle, i guess. .. o.k., then i really feel bad for it, so i merely gave information technology one star ) 