you think that these people only exist in the movies, just trust me, they ' re every bit real as aliveness. i once talked to a guy world health organization thought the joined states administration was invest satellites into eye socket which could fry an single person ' s brain with microwaves. so i sat in a way full of people who conceive that the government rigged state election. i even listen to a man world health organization swear that nicotine was an additive that cigarette companies commit in their products for the specific finish of getting people addicted. these people had what embody be intimate as " confederacy hypothesis " - ideas about how unobserved forces work to deceive and control the public. a little imagination become a long room. in richard donner ' s conspiracy theory, jerry john fletcher (mel gibson) exist a new house of york metropolis taxi driver who seem to have a confederacy hypothesis about everything. his latest, that national aeronautics and space administration be seek to down the president by causing an quake from the space shuttle, might sound outrageous to the states, but is all in a day ' s work for him. atomic number 2 combs the newspaper, looking for tidbits that entrust telltale warning about the going - on behind the scenes, and from thither hun draws his ratiocination. upstanding citizen that atomic number 2 be, helium test to convert alice sutton (julia roberts) of the justice section that the president must be warn. favourable gal, alice, world health organization met jerry when he saved her from a duet of muggers and has experience to listen to his theories during the half dozen months since. what she doesn ' t have a go at it is that hun ' s interestingness in her is far more than, well, professional. atomic number 2 go to great lengths to espouse her around and watch over her in her own flat. but when some mystical government types look to take an interest in krauthead ' s ideas and his limited - circulation " cabal hypothesis " newsletter, helium finds himself in danger and in real indigence of alice ' s help. unrivaled of the trouble with cabal hypothesis is that it tries to pass itself off as an action - thriller when information technology seems to have neither a unanimous pile of action, nor a significant number of thrills. part of this be a solution of the film ' siemens slow pace. it takes forever to set up the relationship between jerry and alice, and even once that personify over with, the rest of the film seem to be a lot of tedium that every once in a piece stop to take a break for excitement. at over two hours, this film could have been significantly condensed and had it ' s running clip shortened by twenty dollar bill transactions to half an hr, but even and then, the action picture would non comprise able to save the film. or else of genuinely exciting and engaging set art object, we ' re treated to a few of the generic scenes with the requisite " black elements ": black eggbeater, man in black action suits and body armor, black vehicles - you know the drill. they amount on mastered with all kinds of bully gadgets and artillery, but for some reason a guy with just a bunch of hypothesis and some chick with no breeding somehow manage to elude them every clock time. big deal, we ' ve seen it all before. watch the film, i wished donner have at least tried to use a little imagination, but i was prohibited of luck. nowadays, when i enounce it contain forever to set up the " family relationship " between jerry and alice, i completely mean what one person is relative to the former, and non romantic involution. buckeye state, donner and film writer brian helgeland would like you to think that by the oddment of the movie, the two main character will end upwards falling dispiritedly in making love with each other, but there seems to be no evidence of that ever occurring. you see, there follow more flicker between gibson and danny glover in the deadly weapon movies (also directed by donner) than between c. d. gibson and roberts in confederacy possibility. the 2 just don ' t click, and when you throw in a identification number of happening that would cause alice to reject jerry altogether (like finding come out helium ' s been stalking her ), the subsequent magnet is absolutely forced. the hand in general also seems strained, alike someone sat helgeland downcast and forced him to pen information technology, and so took it and forced information technology upon us. dialog be undistinguished and rather unmemorable, to the point that i almost stopped hearing. even gibson ' s common gift for ad lib couldn ' deoxythymidine monophosphate punch up the film sufficiently to raise my pursuit, although one of kraut ' s theories about oliver stone was mildly diverting. alas, much of what ' southward discussed in the moving picture is not inherently important to what ' s going on, but instead makeweight that starts out with potential, but ends up just be outside because information technology ' s never adopt through. for example, jerry professes that a isle of man encounter drowned in his swimming pool was actually bump off by the political science in a new york subway place. helium even go so far as to explain that the station constitute flooded at the time due to a water main open frame (hence the water in a subway place ), and that the medical examiner should control the man ' s lungs for chlorine. this be convincing enough to alice that she seem to believe him. you know what come about then? naught, zip, nada. no follow - upwardly whatsoever, so what ' s the significance? okay, hither ' siemens another one. a pair of well known (tangible life) assassin were base to suffer possessed copies of the j. d. salinger novel " the catcher in the rye ". jerry also has a cluster of transcript. whenever he pass into a bookstore, he has to grease one's palms one. leaving out the question of whether oregon not this make jerry an assassin, we ' re never give a reason to believe why this would make him an assassinator. not when we find out astir his salinger aggregation, not when helium goes to the bookstore, non afterward on when we get the answer to our initiatory interrogative. the point becomes completely extraneous. oh, did i mention that patrick stewart live in this film? yeah, he play this government head shrinker name dr. jonas who may or may non be a bad guy. that ' s about information technology. for all the mien this usually marvelous actor has, atomic number 2 ' s nearly forgettable in conspiracy hypothesis. you can just collocate him in with the sustain players, with the exception of cylk cozart who plays agentive role l. s. lowry of the federal bureau of investigation. this guy be genuinely likable, and i wish atomic number 2 and his character had gotten to a greater extent screen time. okay, here ' s my hypothesis. this really start out as a outstanding film, but some of it jokes be actually lawful! the government came in and hale donner to make edits for the rice beer of interior surety, and this was what was left over. 