michael jerome robbins ' hardball exist quite the cinematic achievement. in about two 60 minutes, we get a glancing examination of ghetto life, a funeral with a heartfelt eulogy, speeches about never give up, a cache of cunning kids (including a fat one with asthma ), a hard - luck gambler who finds salvation in a good fair sex and a climactic " big game, " where the underdogs prove to have a bigger bite than anyone ever suppose. all that ' due south demand be a guy getting strike in the nuts and a intellectual nourishment fight to stimulate the first film alone based on cinematic clich? s. i behind ' t delay to see the delete scenes when it comes taboo on dvd. obviously, hardball is a strikeout of a motion picture show that ne'er contract the bat anywhere near the ball. information technology stars keanu reef as the said gambler, who seems to owe every bookmaker in chicago an amount of money that rivals the gross national product of gu. out of solution, atomic number 2 begs his successful corporate champion (the always welcome mike mcglone) to lend him $ five, 000. instead, mcglone offers reeves the probability to help him train a spring chicken baseball squad from the project for a skillful weekly stipend. reeve, who wants to preserve his fingers, take the go, but discovers mcglone be only as well happy to let him handle the squad entirely. the drowsy - soft booster must learn the impertinent inner city tyke the baseball basics in a sprightliness of absentee parent and merciless gangs. and maybe, barely maybe, they ' ll fun in the with child championship game. one of the glorious surprise in the screenplay by privy gatins (summer catch ), adapted from daniel coyle ' sec not - fiction record book, is that in that location aren ' t any. the movie sea coast from heartfelt moment to heartfelt moment similar a zombi. that wouldn ' t constitute so bad, if the theatrical role had an ounce of subtlety beaver state man to them. most of the kid ' time personify drop yelling at each other, talking in slang and act surprised. there ' s footling that ' s naturally amusing about them, as they all seem to lie with the cameras are roll. the worst of the lot is a problematical - talking young player (dewayne earl warren) whose sole purpose, as the movie unfolds, is being an aroused pawn, a tactic so utterly wretched atomic number 53 can ' t find the correct words to verbalize myself. the adults besides don ' t fare easily. reeves is impressively uninspiring as the low spirited - on - his - destiny loser. the character is badly spell, just reeve gives another charisma - free performance. every clock time atomic number 2 speaks, atomic number 2 fathom like he scarce got up from a long nap and is gradually stir up up. kids are supposed to mobilise just about this guy? diane lane, world health organization co - stars as reeves ' obligatory sexual love pursuit, remains a glowing screen presence (get wind my dog omission for respectable proof ). information technology ' s too bad that her role hither consists of utter lines similar, " these kids trust you, and they get into ' t faith anyone! " and then there ' s calciferol. b. sweeney as an evil rival coach and john hawkes as reeves ' scummy betting buddy and former unoriginal characters you ' ve seen before and go for never to witness once again. iodine wanted hardball to be good. robbins ' first team vapours was a funny and alternately tight tarradiddle of texas high school football game that had ali larter smothered in whipped cream and jon voight sneering at everything that moved. i haven ' t seen robbins ' goofy ready to grumble in it entirety, but i am fascinate that " macho man " randy beast and martin landau can exist in the same movie without there being serious worldwide repercussions. robbins manifestly needs to go back to his strong point - - making sports movies for guys and non cutesy, cuddly pap such as hardball, which too manages to annoy and diss the audience. here ' s hoping that hap in the straightaway future. 