game outline - wendy (samantha press ), a jazz isaac merrit singer, loves mac (hugo race) a deplorable and wanna be rock singer world health organization ' s project a bank heist. mack exist also being chase after by a duad of pig, ace an inexperienced rookie (dominic sweeney ), the former (john flaus) a worn come out veteran soldier who frequent wendy ' s jazz club. they ' re chase after mack, because he has an audiotape that may show evidence of governmental rottenness. meanwhile wendy ' s sexually awakener, fifteen yr old baby (rebecca elmaloglou) has move in with her, and be secretly watching mack and wendy ' s later night love rendezvous? much zaniness ensues the review: main job firstly - some 2% of rood stone star to actor conversions in filmdom e'er really work. unfortunately, trying to cast hugo race as a violent, aphrodisiac crook come into the " what the sin where they intend " category that have up 98% of the balance. only, hell, it ' s not as if atomic number 2 ' s the only problem in this fountainhead - intentioned only at long last below average aussie thriller. leads, subspecies and samantha press are wooden and dull, hampered by some unfortunate attempts at aphrodisiac duologue ahead of time on. though they do wield some heat later in their love scenes, helped, no doubt by them keeping their mouths exclude. the film suffers every time the story sack back to these ii. which is unfortunately, the early main story international relations and security network ' t any great milk shake either. the second part, concerning two cops, political corruption and that subtle mag tape is incredibly muddle. at many point during the movie i let no idea what be work on, a situation that didn ' t improve on repeated showing. there equal no question that this film ' s achilles cad is its script. as for the rest of the dramatis personae, it ' s a assorted bag. john flaus, one of australia ' s nearly criminally underused actors, is in top form as the withering, alcohol dependent jazz fan bull, who may or whitethorn not have sold out to the eminent bidder. although he falters at one point, when the script calls for him to suffer up on stage and rescue a boozy metre sermon, but believe me, they way it be written, no one could have pulled it polish off. dominic sweeney be fine, though he seem to be uneasy in front end of the lens of the eye merely he really isn ' t given a whole lot to do. pre house and away elmaloglou is pretty good as the questioning jojo, but her character reference seem extraneous to the story, well, at least until the last scene. i mustiness admit, in too cryptical does have some impressive caliber, not the least of which be it visual chemical element. cinematographers stigmatise gilfedder & dick zakharov cause achieved the almost impossible by urinate melbourne look corresponding a stew drenched tropic city, which is akin to turning london into san paolo. the legal profession is an oppressive reddened, like all of information technology ' s patrons are be baked while they drink, outside it hazy orange by day and coolheaded blue by night. if only deborah parson ' s script could have patronage this idea well. having two director ' second (colin south & john tatoulis) doesn ' t aid either, the most glaring example of which is the last retribution / fight tantrum, where for some reasonableness the camera pulls aside from the onscreen action, and more importantly it doesn ' t pull away to anything else. information technology scarce stays static as the fight happens in the distance. it has no grounds to it; information technology ' s scarce bad management. and, ultimately, that is what sums upward in too deep, it ' s tries to be good, and you desire information technology to work, but, information technology ' s just lacking the natural endowment behind information technology, that it needs to succeed. 