these sidereal day, people feature rather scant attention span and hardly anything can live up to them for the farsighted run. 1970s nostalgia cost already endure slay, and now, people are go more and to a greater extent interested in eighties. few eld in the future, early 1990s are going to be affect as adjacent golden age of nostalgia. however, i dubiety that people are going to be really nostalgic astir the hollywood products of that period. one of the reason would surely embody films like interior lampoon ' entropy loaded weapon 1, that, in many way, symbolize the biggest job of contemporaneous american film manufacture - lack of originality and ideas. be made as some sort of lampoon on lethal weapon series, this moving picture show partner off two l. a. policemen - shit colt (emilio estevez ), burn - proscribed alcoholic copper on the edge, and wes luger (samuel l. jackson ), by - the - book policeman, days away from retreat. two of them, following the murder of luger ' second ex - better half, must face evil general mortars (william shatner ), crime lord who is live on to deluge the market with cocaine stashed in wild fille cookies. the authors of this flick (whose director, gene quintano, worked on such projects similar third and fourth continuation of police force honorary society) lacked any original estimation before they undertook the projects, and that reflects in the lack plot, characters, and, even original lines. the plot, or what go for the game in this movie, is nothing more than than a series of gags that make laugh of some popular moving picture show made in previous few years (asunder from deadly weapon series, this movie " borrows " its female lead from basic instinct ). the best gags, represent, same as with many other similar movie, shown in the trailer. the remainder plainly doesn ' t work. only those who used to see a lot of hollywood products in that period would laugh. others would belike wince at the gimpiness of humour. some would represent entertained by fame cameos that pop upwards every in one case in a while. simply, at the end, spending 60 minutes and half in front end of this disorganized mess of a movie cost simply non worth the drive. the film was sometimes pick apart for exist the parody of a series that already have strong comic overtones. the source of lethal weapon returned the favor by use the loaded weapon 1 jest in their 4th subsequence. 