retrospective: city of the living dead (1980 ) a film review by mike watson copyright 1997 mike watson i one time hear someone account the films of italian schlock horror director lucio fulci as " dim - witted ". and by golly, just about all early actor's line fail pine tree state when confronted with a dog like city of the living idle. although the former fulci managed some quite ripe thrillers in his career, this is non unity of them. two points in the motion picture ' atomic number 16 favour - the impressive camerawork of sergio salvati and from time to time evocative score by fabio frizzi - keep things from strike totally into the abyss, but by and large metropolis of the living dead is a failure. and like most cinematic failures, information technology comes down to bad writing, dumb performances and filthy direction. the story starts in young house of york when, during a seance, a medium (katherine mccoll) sees a vision of a non christian priest string up himself in the town of dunwich, massachusetts. for reasons we won ' mt go into hither, this unfold the gates of blaze which must embody closed by all saints day or the drained will rise and walk the ground. the medium evidently kick the bucket of fright during the session, but awakens in her coffin in the burial ground the adjacent day and be rescue by a crusty old diary keeper (christopher george ). that scene in itself is a howler: why would you rupture open up a coffin with a turgid choice axe when you have sex someone is awake inside? and don river ' mt cadavers experience various thing stuffed in them and drained out of them before they ' re buried? anyhow, off the two of them run to dunwich to salvage the world, where various grisly goings - on are already happening as all saints day approaches. fulci ' s graphic albert gore jr. be in evidence once again, but here it but dish out to further highlight the film ' entropy flimsy script and plodding direction. the dialogue, in all manner of speaking, is atrocious. non bad in the repeatable sense, like an ed wood film, simply bad in information technology sheer bluntness or blatantly obvious " lets excuse the patch " type approach. mccoll doesn ' thymine have a clue world health organization her character be: deadly serious one minute, frivolous the next, she at time cost truly concentrated to watch. and the geezer (the actor ' s name escapes maine) who play the townsfolk psychiatrist becomes even intemperately to abide than mccoll as the film progresses. saint christopher george iii ' s performance is salvageable, but he gets his brain ripped out in the terminal by a zombie and we don ' t tutelage. in fact we don ' t care for anyone in city of the living dead, though in other fulci films that hasn ' t mattered so much when he follow on form as a stylist and an ideas humankind, as he was in the beyond. as a director, some of fulci ' idiosyncrasies are incredibly silly and gravel here. he constantly use extreme closely - ups of people ' s eyes, a ludicrous technique which hint an attempt to transmit the emotion that his dialogue and actors aren ' t capable of. and despite some sick violence, helium barely manage a single scare in the entire film. long - time collaborator fabio frizzi, talented only always erratic, offers a patchy soundtrack that veers between eerie, gothic decease march and woefully inappropriate electro - daddy that ' s quite frankly embarrassing. fulci ' s other films of this period whitethorn be flawed - house by the cemetery, the beyond, the smuggled computerized tomography - simply they are nonetheless films with more brainchild, atmosphere and better negotiation than this bomb. for completists only. 