the haunting, a film so disconcert that it forgets the true import of a revulsion plastic film: to frighten us. if you ' ve ever go through a movie, which you credibly have considering you are on this website, you should know astir all of the trivia they send before a pic. they have got things similar illustration and you have to guess the movie or facts about the film. but, the 1 iodine always comparable be the & quot; early name & quot; joke that effort and rename a particular film. for illustration, the one playing before the haunting had unlike titles for the film, small soldier. they had titles like little foot and can i get those fatigue duty in a smaller size? well, after seeing the haunting, 1 sustain a few particular names for it equally well. unfortunately, i can simply post one of them, differently, unity ' d equal getting some pretty angry e - mail from overprotective female parent. that statute title would personify the confusing. ok, that be a fairly bad title, but information technology fits this picture show perfectly. information technology essentially serves upward no purpose, and combined with dry negotiation and a boring and confusing plot, information technology completes the convention for a cinematic turkey. liam neeson once once again gets wrapped up in a plastic film without any depth, merely at least the phantom menace was turn on and had some deepness. the haunting is naught but trash, but unfortunately, will even so stimulate a shipload of money. before ane rant and rave astir how high risk this picture comprise, have me point out the few, and i stress the word few, bright spots in this film. first, the house be cracking - looking. it look beautiful, but this be also a coloured spot. it looks so swell that it is hard to be frightened by information technology. this be something that nurture its ugly head at all points of the motion picture. thing face thence great, that you are looking on in awe instead of being scared straight. haunted house films have to contain one element to even be slenderly successful and that be being eerie. the mound house is non eerie. it is beautiful, but non the least spot frightening. ever heard of lili taylor? before this film unity did non, but i am beaming that i do now. she gives the only acceptable functioning in the film. despite the juiceless dialogue and irksome / throw concept, she manages to illuminate up the screen every time she appears, but unluckily, her co - stars live usually watch over right behind. owen wilson, who plays saint luke, be the only other cast penis still close to giving an admirable functioning, former then zachary taylor. atomic number 2 make up fundamentally there for the comic relief, and his character ontogenesis is poor in all early areas. all of the reference are desperately underdeveloped. wilson had possible as luke, just information technology seems they just require him to add a few laughter. liam neeson and catherine zeta - jones suffer from the dialogue and plot of land and should not take been in this film. their characters mustiness suffer from wicked mood swings because in each scene they turn from ruthless to compassionate to dash to brave and whatnot. they just are non credible and this make up the terminal nail in the haunting ' s coffin. the plot be terrible. the opening fit of the film is very important, just the director makes information technology too obvious by buzz off close - ups of altogether the things that will play a major character in the conclusion of the film. as 1 sat through with the film, i hold wondering what this photographic film was seek to accomplish. nell, lili zachary taylor ' s character, goes from the hunted to the savior. information technology makes no sense and the music director gives the audience no reasoning for the nonsensical change that take place in the film. helium drive the viewer to make various assumptions and does non give any in - deepness information. for instance, the beginning of the cinema gives united states of america a sense of wherefore nell is getting regard in the political platform. but, we drive zilch for the other four. addition, deuce of them get wiped out in the first ten minute. and the defective part: most horror films possess killing. for some reason, they kill off st. luke at the terminal of the film. no intellect whatsoever, just off with his head, literally. overall, the haunting embody the prototype of a bad movie. risky plot of ground, confusing storyline and a waste matter of good talent. hopefully, liam neeson tail end rebound and get into a skillful film and be apply to his total potential. hopefully, lili taylor will embody accredit for doing such a outstanding problem in such a uncollectible film. and hopefully, other horror films, such as the blair witch labor and the haunting of j. j. hill household, will non be as bad as this one. 