in the mid - 1980s, following the splendiferous debut in hugh william henry hudson ' entropy greystoke and relative success of first highlander film, information technology look like christopher leonard constant lambert ' s acting career might go someplace. only, it wasn ' t meant to constitute, which turn obvious following highland scot ii. in this decade christopher leonard constant lambert became associate with films with crushed budgets and yet lower quality. real often such films were science fiction, which meant that the fans of that musical style learned the unvoiced way what to evade anything starring christopher lambert. whether it was because of real lack of talent, terrible miscasting surgery round eyed sorry luck international relations and security network ' t important - the end result be almost incessantly ugly. the same can be say for fort, 1993 science fiction photographic film directed by stuart gordon, film director who created cult following with his 1980s horror gorefests comparable reanimator and from beyond. the movie make up set in 2018. for some unrevealed reason, usa introduce strict population control and couples be barred from have more than than one youngster. jake (christopher leonard constant lambert) and karen brennick (lori laughlin) broke that jurisprudence and are caught by authorities on the borderline. doom to 31 years in prison, they are both thrown into fort, privately have correctional facility, outfit with land - of - the - art futurist engineering science and run by computer called zed. although fit with gadget that determine every aspect of inmates ' lives and make any escape unacceptable, prison authorities much use fierceness. jake survive many ordeals and earns respect of some con which would help him when he begins plane the escape. such escape should become necessity, because the warden poe (kurtwood bessie smith) begins showing insalubrious pursuit in karenic. after kind of intrigue beginning and some interesting special effects that depict the futurist settings of prison, this film soon begin sinking into mediocrity. the understanding is in the screenplay that quickly degenerates into whole series of prison movie clich? south and situations that embody distressingly predictable. by the time brennick begin his evasion from fortress, those situation not only begin to face predictable, just utterly implausible too. of course, film ne'er try to explicate why the commonwealth that lacks resources to support its present universe pass to spend bucketloads of money on ultra - expensive supertechnology with sole intention of keeping alive most useless and dangerous members of the smart set. the ab initio interesting plot is fare even to a greater extent wrong by stereotyped characters, played by not to a fault interested or gifted actors. lori laughlin, although physically attractive, shows the acting ability of sequoia. kurtwood smith as prison warden live rather uninspired, capable of self colored, yet forgettable performance. lambert ' s operation be also good, but even the bigger endowment couldn ' t assistant this motion picture, destined to end in oblivion. 