depending on who you ask, the original sinfulness embody either the eating of the orchard apple tree, the act of noncompliance against god, or the turn of treason. but in casing you didn ' t know this, don river ' t bother recollect it. .. the words " original hell " ne'er do up in the movie of the same gens, permit alone the concept of it. the closelipped the film even get to catholicity be in its narrative (the story is told by angelina jolie to her non christian priest while on expiry row in cuba, circa 1900 ). regardless of its senseless title, original sin does actually have a plot (albeit i of the most mangled acts of screenwriting since the fine art of war, establish on the good book valse across darkness ). male child (antionio banderas) places personal ad sometime around 1900, searching for a wife. since this is a c ago, we narrowly evade a remake of green card, only to find that the lady friend (jolie) faked her photo and is actually beautiful. vamoose a few moderately useless sex scenes (get the question out of the style, yes, we get to get word angelina jolie ' south breasts over again ), the missy turns out to be a con creative person, swindles boy for his money, and heads for the hills. original sin so briefly tries to be a thriller. we see boy move whore - chasing, saying atomic number 2 want to find girl and kill her. but as soon as male child actually finds girl, instead of following what might have been a promising (or at least not entirely fucking boring) thriller, the film degenerate into the worst dissection of the virgo the virgin / whore complex since milk money. girl toy with the idea of reforming her con game - missy preceding, all the spell avoiding the " early man, " a lover that keeps make her start these scams in the first place. add insult to injury with some of the worst stylistic choices in cinematic history (literally half of the pic be either in slow motion or uses a strobe effect ), and acting roughly the quality of a b. b. artillery, and original sin be unmatchable of the most torturous films of the summer, definitely front running to make my bottom 10 of the year. don ' t yet bother with original sinfulness, but if you do go bad, be honest with yourself and admit its pure sexual practice collection. scarcely keep in nous that although this film may not cost the most original on the pulley block, it ' s much worse than a sin. this live sacrilege. 