1990s would remembered as the era of binary pic case in hollywood - ii movies plow with the same subject, or, to be precise, like " high concept ". in summer 1994, that " high conception " live " brainsick bomber action thriller ". in few workweek, " thrillride of the summer " actionfest speed was follow by rather action thriller blown away, and so disappointing that most of the citizenry these days associate the title with the 1992 thriller in which nicole eggert do few nude painting scenes. the movie start in the prison in northern ireland, where gaerity (tommy lee casey jones ), ira terrorist with the bang up talent to make deadly explosive devices from nigh any textile, escapes from prison. he come to boston, where helium accidentally notices jimmy dove (jeff bridges ), commit bomb disposition expert within boston police. few people except gaerity know the dove ' s violent past tense, when he used to personify ira terrorist before becoming sick with violence, betraying gaerity and emigrating to america where he change the name and started apply his experience for good purpose. gaerity hold dive personally responsible for his captivity and start the campaign of bombing affright, directed specifically at dove ' s colleagues, booster and congener. dove, world health organization is just going to retire and embark on sept, directly must confront the mad bomber. while speed doesn ' t even try to gravel with plot and characters, use them only as an excuse for farseeing and striking action scenes, mess up away endeavour to cost more than conventional and provide the action with some back story. and that is the main grounds why it be inferior to speed. gravely written plot and gravely written grapheme are sometimes worse than no plot and no type at all. screenplay by john bateer and privy sir tim rice, scantily touches the complicated issue of northerly republic of ireland, using the tragedy only as the cheap backstory for still cheaper drama. the plot be, of course, full of implausibilities. the main one be the fact that movie fails to excuse how the individual individual, no matter how brilliant he be, can produce thousands of venomous devices and harbour entire city at alcove. those doubt, same as in the case of hurrying, could make up forgotten while the action goes on, merely the pauses between action scenes are filled with cliched and predictable situation that should supply some ground to the characters. because of them, movie seems a little mo also long, and boring at time. the most annoying constituent of the film, however, personify tommy lee bobby jones in the part of mad bomber. his acting is thus terminated - the - top that potentially fascinate scoundrel turn into pathetic caricature of himself. this role is in unspeakable demarcation with the warm public presentation given by that same actor in fugitive. the film have few bright point, though. some of the action at law vista be o.k., which should be credited to manager sir leslie stephen hopkins (predator ii, sound judgment night ). and forrest whitaker really shines in minor theatrical role of dove ' s workfellow. but, all in all, blow away follow a film that personify justifiably shadowed by its more than famous, yet hardly unforgettable contender. 