information technology ' s tough to be an wishful superhero in champion city. only enquire mr.. savage (ben stiller ), the blue raja (hank azaria ), and the anas clypeata (william h. macy ). they ' rhenium taste to conk out into the biz, just captain awe inspiring (greg kinnear ), the city ' sec hero numero uno, hogs altogether the action. the good sea captain has his own problems. because he ' s all simply eliminated crime, amazing ' s endorsement deals are falling through with. the public craves a major slugfest, so amazing engineers the word of honor of his one - time arch enemy casanova frankenstein's monster (geoffrey kick ). frankenstein come through beyond expectations; helium capture capt. amazing before setting out on his scheme to destroy the city. indeed, no ace be left to save the day but our would - be superheroes, just their ability are more than " little league " than " justice league. " the raja hurls forks at foes, the shoveler shoot them with a shovel, and mr. wild just yells at people (stiller be fare essentially the like character atomic number 2 dally in a edgar guest appearance on " friends " ). after a awful first strike, the guys hold audition for teammates and add the bowler hat (janeane garofalo ), who carries her dead father ' s skull in her bowling ball; invisible boy (kel margaret munnerlyn mitchell ), who can only use his powers when no one is looking at him; the spleen (paul reubens ), who blows devastating jazz from his rear; and the sphinx (wes studi ), a mysterious figure who will teach them to fight. " mystery man " boasts one of the most talented and eclectic casts of all time forgather. in addition to those already mentioned, the credits include lena olin as frankenstein ' s evil shrink, comedian eddie izzard and the fugees ' prakazrel michel as disco - themed thugs, singer tom waits as an inventor of superhero weapons, artie dorothea lange (from " mad tv ") as another thug, claire forlani (from " meet joe black ") as a waitress mr. furious is prosecute, louise lasser (from " mary hartman, mary hartman ") as the blue raja ' s mother, and actor / magician ricky jay as capt. amazing ' s manager. the cast includes four academy award - nominative actors! when iodin saw the tilt of players early last yr, unity figured the result would be a can ' t - miss comedy. yet, one must report dashing hopes. the script be probably the spoiled of 1999. nearly every laugh misfires. the stabs at funny book of account are too obvious to be funny. ( for example, no one can realise capt. beat in his secret identity because he ' s wearing glasses. ) the fart jest surround the spleen are astonishingly the only gags that employment. the casting tries hard, especially hank azaria, whose character take up an decadent british accent while in costume, but the script is just to a fault feeble to consort. 