my inner iris was at half - mast last year when nick at nite pulled " dragnet " rerun off the air. sure, ane ' d seen them all at least once, but i could always calculate on at least a few inadvertent gag from ultra - life threatening jack sidney webb when there was nothing else on telecasting. even though " dragnet " is forbidden of circulation at the consequence, we webb anti - fans still have the d. i. , a 50 ' s propaganda piece for the military that is about as screaming as the famous " wild blue yonder son " episode of " trawl net. " for anyone like pine tree state who nonplus express joy out of webb ' s rapid - fire spoken communication and uncoiled - faced seriousness, think of the d. i. as what would happen if sgt. joe friday ever so enlisted, because atomic number 2 play exactly the same reference here, a no - gimcrack old fart who reckon with disdain at the young generation and loves to give long - winded, melodramatic speeches on any subject. in this election year, i ' m more convinced than ever that webb and bob dole be separate at parentage. the movie opens in characteristic fashion as one recruit after another knocks on webb ' s office door and enters. he gives each unmatchable a different series of cranky criticism before the credit entry come improving. the " produced and channelise by mariner webb " lineup somewhat much goes without saying. this is his movie all the way of life, and after the first xx minutes of him chewing out his recruits for no understanding, i be wondering if there would still follow a plot. i sure enough would have been entertained by an hour and a half of trademark webb claptrap, just the calciferol. i. give us to a greater extent - - much more. first baron passfield ' s mission is to make a man ko'd of private owens, the local shag - upwards. the captain gives webb three daytime to exchange owens into marine stuff or, the maitre d' will " personally cut the lacing off his panty and ship him out myself. " ( whether the " lacing panty " part refers to webb or owens remains unreciprocated. ) this, of course, gives webb an excuse to focalize all his crotchety energy on making jesse owens ' living a aliveness hell. for those of you world health organization haven ' t been indoctrinated into the pleasures of martha beatrice potter webb watching, hither ' s a reprint of a distinctive monologue of his. i can ' t duplicate his uproarious delivery on report, but the speech should at least partially convey what i ' mebibyte verbalise about. .. " now you heed to me, youngster. someday you ' ll wake upward fighting on a beach and you ' ll pray to god somebody doesn ' t get killed because of your foolishness. .. i ' ve got a newspaper headline for you: every prison term you take a crap one of those little mistakes of yours, you ' re gonna turn around and i ' ll make up standing right in that location. " 1 couldn ' deoxythymidine monophosphate compose downward all the reprintable dialogue from the d. i. ( nearly all of information technology belongs in the speculative movie hall of renown ), but i try to include some of the to a greater extent noteworthy lines, similar one from the scene where webb unwinds from a hard day ' s work by go to the local bar (where he orders a tomato juice ). he meets a char who, coincidentally, also orders tomato succus but walks forth from a typically - stimulating conversation with beatrice webb to flirt with his arch - rival, another leatherneck cholecalciferol. ace. webb march concluded to the table, gets up in her face and says, " just what kind of a dame come you think you be? " bogart he ain ' t. the former d. i. gets one of the few memorable non - webb line when he fink to the little girl, " atomic number 2 ' s a shit upright d. ace. . . . ane guess i ' g barely a little jealous. " join the club, we ' re all jealous of jack webb ' s way with womanhood, which is showcased even more divertingly in a later scene, as webb finds his way to the woman ' s position of employment, a lingerie shop, and brook around looking incredibly flustered at the negligees on display. " you expect me to talk to you. .. in _here_? ! " helium outcry, no doubt intimidated by the barrage of bras. the adult female function turned to help a customer, leaving webb to fend for himself once again in this palace of estrogen. a small girl spots him in the stock and demand, " what are you coiffure in here. .. you ' re a man, aren ' tonne you? " he doesn ' t reply, but you know helium ' s thought process in his header, " what an odd mintage of human - - so small. must be unitary of those children everyone ' s been speak astir. " this pathetic girl, scarred for life by her early encounter with jack webb, would later on avow off the male person gender altogether, just one of the many lesbian conversions he ' s responsible for. the motion picture doesn ' t focal point too closely on webb ' s latinian language, it also continues the owens subplot with probably the most memorable scene in the entire movie, where sidney james webb forces his platoon to spend the entire night searching the footing for a flea owens killed during unrivalled of their drills. after 2 privates incubate a scheme to present webb with the wrong dead flea, webb asks sir richard owen, " exist that flea you belt down a male person or female? " owens reply, " a male person, sir. " first baron passfield yells to the platoon, " this ain ' deoxythymidine monophosphate the one! " that such a scenery (along with the rest of the movie) was intended to constitute taken earnestly defies comment. only we know it was all presented with the utmost seriousness when a title card at the remainder thanks the marines not only for their cooperation in the making of the 500. single. , but for iwo jima, guadalcanal and every other major battle of the first half of the 20th century. webb hold the military in such high esteem that all the soldiers in the flick (with the exception of owen) be play by factual marine. someone want to spoof this movie couldn ' liothyronine do a to a greater extent comical job than webb make out. information technology fix information technology totally the more ironic (alike raeeyain on your wedding day) that the man stimulate no sense of body fluid himself. there ' s a scenery in the film where the guy wire are on their break time discuss something and one of them break into laughter. first baron passfield bursts in the room and cry, " what did i tell you astir laughing? ! " to which the private reply, " sir, only ball club - class - old girls laughter, sir! " and let pine tree state tell you, i was as felicitous as a nine - year - one time girl while see this movie. 