capsule: this super - loose place comedy from sweden tells the news report of two tight friends with romantic problems. the script involves formerly prohibited subjects corresponding titillating toys and sexual enhancers but otherwise the piece of writing is not a lot unlike from what is shown free on tv. the theatrical role are paper - thin and the interesting ideas strictly non - existent. this follow a decrease - life - by - 90 - minute tease. , cypher (- 4 to + 4 ) jalla! jalla! is basically an exuberant tv situation clowning written instead for the full screenland. information technology tells the story of two parking area custodians and the problem they are get on the path to truthful love. the film is fix in sweden where roro and mans (fares menu and torkel petersson) are custodians at a public park. roro is from a tightly knit lebanese family world health organization master him very closely, mans is a swede from a very much more liberal background. they expend most of the day in the pubic hair at their park, cleaning up after dogs. roro and humankind each have girlfriends, but each has a problem. roro (nicknamed " jalla ") is take in kin problem. it seem that his phratry wants to arrange a marriage between him and a nice lebanese woman, yasmin (laleh pourkarim ), but he is already in dearest with lisa (tuva novotny ). yasmin the like roro, but does not want to set about matrimonial either. mans on the former hand has represent having a job of sexual impotence. the deuce friends worry about their problem and discuss the problems with each early. mans think the answer to his problem is to buy sexual enhancers. the one match is that he is too timid to go in and grease one's palms them. roro and yasmin settle to give themselves some time by telling the families that they desire to espouse each other, just then plan to get around up before the hymeneals. not too surprisingly neither finds that his idea work out the way he quite gestate. the plot turns in respective places be contrived. one knows fairly rapidly that if things be conk out to shape our happily for everybody certain plot gismo have to take place. lebanese - born josef fare who wrote and directed be perhaps a ripe managing director than he is a writer. when things bulge out to get slow, he just add together throws in another account. for object lesson halfway into the film humanity innocently antagonizes some local toughs and a retentive following is added to the film. characterization is a small better with roro than it follow with world who does non look to have a whole lot more personality beyond fear for losing a biologic affair. we practice witness some of roro ' s family life story and his concerns. that whitethorn equal because roro ' s background signal is a lot alike that of the director. while the story exist nurse, i did not feel that i got anything worthwhile from the film. it was just a way to go on about an minute and a one half in my life. unmatchable does non birth to go to the movies to pick up entertainment like this. i charge per unit it a 4 on the cypher to ten scale and a 0 on the - 4 to + foursome scale. 