plot of land: something about a bunch of kid go into a haunt house and playing out parodies of other repugnance and non - repugnance movies. ohio yeah, there ' s also something astir a ghost possessing the star sign and shit, just trust me, you bring home the bacon ' t care much astir the " plot of land " in this moving picture show. .. critique: parody movies either piece of work or they put on ' triiodothyronine and this one just doesn ' t work! the laughs aren ' deoxythymidine monophosphate as pronounced this time around, the vim level, the muzzle and all of the fiber simply seem to represent going through the motions hither. information technology ' s corresponding they be all in a hurry to finish the picture or something (wink, wink ). and the scarey part of it all? check kayoed the number of screenwriters information technology take to pen this puppy: vii! i tell again, information technology take 7 people to pen 82 - minutes worth of fart jokes, half - assed stunt and parody of films other than horror. now i ' m not exactly certain if each of the writers wrote their own part separately or just fling " funny resume " ideas out there while smoking the inveterate themselves, simply the end upshot is a film that basically plays out like an extended skit on " saturday night live ". thither be a couple of funny unitary - liners, but mostly just rehash matchless - joke conniption, a lot of dead silence and lame joke. add to that the really unoriginal championship and motion picture poster and you gotta start asking yourself if anybody was still trying hither (the film ' s website isn ' t even upwardly even so! !! what the farad * * *? !? ). i practice however give to give information technology astir to james woods, the man who open up this pic with the funniest travesty of them all (the exorcist take - off - - young woman this and you ' ve missed any reason to see the flick ). i especially liked his one - liner as he walk in to see the obsessed womanhood ' s head turn. very fishy! unfortunately, the film plummets straight downwards after that, with dumb parodies of many teen flicks that possess nothing to do with horror such as save the last dance and dude, where ' s my car, and other military action motion picture show like charlie ' s angels and mission impossible 2. now help me calculate this one out, bequeath you? isn ' t this guess to be a takeoff film of horror movies? !? ( oregon peradventure that ' reciprocal ohm barely the title of the movie f - ing with my head ). intimately, iodine ' yard sorry to have to say this simply the only revulsion in this film is its feeble - ass script! the wayans crony should get known good than to look towards the weinstein brothers (money) alternatively of the zucker buddy (comedy) for this sequel. unfortunately for u, all we ' ra left with here is a skeleton of a film which might ' ve be funny, had it make up worked over a few more times, tightened up here and there, and been injected with to a greater extent upstanding laughs. but as things stand immediately, on that point be no doubt in my mind that the obvious greed to capitalize on the success of last year ' s plastic film has chair everyone down this path, therefore do it them for non trying as toilsome (critically speaking, of course ). you should whole cost ashamed of yourselves for non putting enough " real " effort into this chopper - book of job and for not providing your buff with the ultimate of your talent. pooh on you! ( that ' s telling ' mutton quad, joblo! sheesh ) btw, atomic number 53 ' m administer one point alone to actress kathleen robertson, whose massive breasts and skanky g - string had maine chompin ' at the bit. you go, girl! everyone else. .. stay! where ' s joblo coming from? plane (10 / 10) - airplane ii (decade / 10) - galaxy pursuit (8 / 10) - hannibal (7 / tenner) - the haunting (tercet / 10) - mafia (quintuplet / decade) - naked gun for hire (8 / 10) - scary movie (8 / 10) - top secret (nine / 10 ) 