since director steven zaillian antecedently wrote the powerful screenplay for 1993 ' s steven spielberg drama " schindler ' s leaning " and directed 1993 ' s thinking " research for bobby fischer, " his new film, " a civil action, " should most likely be looked upon as an unfortunate trip up in an differently prosperous vocation. what doesn ' t build sense is how such high pitched - profile and superb actors as john travolta, robert duvall, william atomic number 1. macy, and kathleen quinlan get involved in this project, which is both dull and completely uneffective. the film, which involves a small community of child who mysteriously died of leukemia, certainly contains the character of story to be emotionally - charged, but somehow all sign of feeling take be all removed from the proceedings, leaving u.s.a. with nothing more than a seedy - done courtroom drama. based on a rule book by jonathan lorenz milton hart, which was consequently based on a true account, " a civil action " is lay in 1982 in the town of woburn, mass. , where personal injury lawyer january schlictmann (john travolta) decides to take on the sheath of eight families who simply want an apology for their children ' s death from leukemia due to unknown reason. jan originally resolve to drop the case, but when atomic number 2 falter across to corporate giants, blessing and beatrice foods, world health organization have plants located near the families ' homes, he sees all of the pieces suddenly fall into place: the 2 companies have been leak out harmful chemical substance into the nearby lake which, thus, goes into the city ' s drinking water. suddenly, after hearing astir the families ' grief and personal story, he begins to care for them and becomes determined to get to the bottom of the mystery, even though he is warned by his staff accountant (william h. macy) that no money is coming in to them, exclusively go out. also figuring into the story be jerome facher (robert duvall ), beatrice food ' corporate counsel, who finds himself in heated waters when jan will not accept his $ 20 - meg offer to adjudicate the case. coming from such a talented writer, director, and cast, not to mention one of the most interesting moving picture show composers, danny elfman, " a civil activity " equal an astoundingly empty bellied - headed drama, one that includes an intriguing story and somehow transforms information technology into an admittedly tiresome and occasionally even boring experience. perchance one and only of its major problems was that in its attack to be a comparatively uncommercial motion picture, zaillian give birth misplaced its refreshing unconventional attitude with an absence of magnetism and even signification. watching the motion picture show, i couldn ' t supporter but card its similarities with 1997 ' s far, far superior film " the sweet hereafter, " which dealt with a lawyer, played brilliantly by ian holm, investigating a school bus chance event that stamp out a number of children. in his attempts to find someone world health organization may have been responsible for the accident, holm question the grieving parents, as well as the sole surviving passenger, a teenage girl, which starts to remind him of his own teenage girl, a young drug - addict who have run aside from home plate. not simply was the plotting similar to " a civic action, " but it also had the like accurate running meter of 115 minute. considering this, information technology constitute amazing how fulfilling and truthful " a sweet flavored hereafter " be, not only concentrating on the school bus fortuity, simply delving deeply into ian holm ' s quality and his ain personal demons, as well as the teenage girl. in " a civil action, " however, i throw no musical theme where the running time went, since the plastic film be virtually two time of day of malarky. we dress not get to love the parents very comfortably, nor any of the main role. through its whole continuance, i did not learn one thing__not unrivaled thing__about travolta ' s lawyer character, january schlictmann, who doesn ' t come along to have any sort of biography or purpose external of his job. every scene be tediously related directly to the premiss, and thence, there was no one for maine to care about surgery root for. you ' ve got to crop reasonably hard, actually, to not stimulate an interview to become tortuous in the parents ' plight, since their children are all in, but that is exactly what " a polite action " does. to make up honest, iodin would comprise fairly knockout - pressed to country an aspect of the motion picture show that i actually liked. aside from one flashback to when a man ' s untried son died on the way to the doctor, i remained in situ and passive about what was going on in the scenes, and more than once find my judgment wandering. i could enjoin the performances were skillful, but world health organization ' s fooling who? since every character reference is nonpareil - dimensionally write, no one ' s acting abilities are challenge in any elbow room. travolta roleplay a lawyer advantageously enough, but that ' sulfur about all atomic number 2 does. duvall virtually sleepwalks through his part, apparently only seem to establish 1 - liners at every chance he gets. and what in the human race is kathy bates doing in the picture ' s final scene, as a justice? she appears unbilled, since information technology is just a cameo, merely why did she even agree to do it in the inaugural place? eventually, when the conclusion get in and the goal credits start to role, the film left pine tree state with another question: what was the compass point? short ending without any susceptible momentum, where none came before that to begin with, " a civil action " seemed to me, at least, to be an representative of how not to make a court drama, and it certainly arrange non do justice to the very serious subject matter the film deals with. 