an affluent horse breeder ' s past comes upward to stalk him; an ages old cover - upwards and blackmail come rearwards to haunt him at the hand of one of his accomplices. that ' s pretty much the essence of the moving picture and unity have to enjoin that it becomes rather boring at times and exist very slow. that aside the fib was well present and belike quite close fitting and representative of information technology source. the acting in particular i found very effective, the character development be also quite interesting but alas the chronicle merely did not hold my interest enough for pine tree state to get into the motion picture. a few things about the story didn ' t sit very good with me for example the original scam and cover - up to a great extent involved the graphic symbol played by sharon stone, yet in the end her type dally a comparatively small role and it seems she should have been utilized more to further the story along good. on the impudent side the character played by catherine keener i ascertain to be very interesting and one thought that information technology be developed very well and helped the story a fate. the character ' s aside this movie had some interesting merits but in the final stage information technology lack in write up and pacing. as far as the acting and cast for this movie is concerned 1 have to enounce that the choices of nick nolte and jeff bridges were great equally well as that of catherine keener. wholly these people acted their parts laudably, as for the part that sharon gem played, she played it well just the division was not utilised enough. the directing for this moving picture show be something that i have to comment on because for once in a long while you pick up a director actually add a rattling distinctive flavour to a movie, this is one of those occasions. matthew warchus in my view added an interesting speck and spin to the film and i think helium tackled a touch subject (i myself wouldn ' t embody capable to look at horseracing and make a movie out of it ). there is a certain flavor astir this motion picture show and i opine that the direction of the picture is the cause for this. the one defect that i do get to comment on is the pacing, the dependent issue in my opinion wasn ' t interesting plenty on its own to have this kind of flavoring and directorial touch astir it. i certainly hope that the director makes more than movies as this does show promise still if i myself assume ' thymine corresponding it. all in all i found this movie boring and rattling slow, the performing be unspoilt simply the story scarcely didn ' t acquire enough and wasn ' t fascinate adequate to make simpatico an pleasurable movie to watch. although there be much going for the motion picture show i didn ' t find it good still though i see the merits and style used and can congratulate the motion picture on them. ane wouldn ' t recommend this picture to anyone but if you exist a horse fanatic or a racing overzealous and then you will most likely enjoy this movie. 