at the showtime of swordfish, john travolta ' s gabriel shear is pontificating about the position of american cinema today. essentially, he says, it boil down to a lack of imaging among the majority of writers. how ironic, as travolta look to be describing his latest venture. swordfish is loud, trigger happy and amoral. it has the audacity to justify slaying and mayhem in the name of sustaining our way of life history. and how do travolta ' s gabriel plan to serve this? by robbing billions from his own regime and using the funds to extinct - terrorize terrorists. swordfish be a very misanthropic movie. it swear on an audience ' s perception of our loss leader as ineffective and duplicitous and on terrorists as non - human, faceless entity not worthy of compassion beaver state consideration. the picture show ' sec plot of land personify preposterous with adequate illogical leaps that if the picture ever slow up downward, you ' d actually see how ridiculous it all is. this represent a alive - action road caranx crysos cartoon, moving so quickly that information technology ' s terminated before you can catch your breath to ask any fairish questions. the storyline revolve around super hacker henry m. stanley jobson (hugh jackman ), recruited by gabriel to check the government activity ' s computer codes so gabriel can conglomerate billions for his anti - terrorist military campaign. talk astir whacked - tabu patriotism. my objections to swordfish are many. the physical structure reckoning exist high, just that is expected in a movie of this sort. it ' s become a tidal bore watching anonymous soldier, police officeholder and government agents muff to bits. another example is the phratry moral force between stanley, his x - year - onetime daughter and his ex - wife. stanley, though stimulate served fourth dimension in prison for hacking, be designate as a loving and caring founding father, forbidden by his x to see his slight girl. audience animosity personify immediately created for his former spouse by showing her as a juicer and smoker who too sometimes stars in her new hubby ' s adult film. thus when she is found murdered late in the movie, neither stanley nor his daughter live allow any time to aggrieve. in fact, subconsciously, many in the consultation are probably glad she personify killed. so there cost the sequence involving one of gabriel ' s partner in crime keep back a gun to the head of henry m. stanley ' s daughter to force the drudge to download the key computer program for gabriel. children as pawns have go a virtually unwelcome clich? in recent films. in that respect follow enough violence in the real world involving nipper without having to make them on - screen dupe every bit well. yea, it ' s entirely make believe, but that doesn ' t mean you take in to endure it. travolta personify cool, deadly charming and florid as the penny pinching - looney gabriel. his case is reminiscent of his villainous characterizations in broken arrow and face / remove. jackman wait dour through most of the proceedings. his only moment of any deepness comes when helium in the end be able to make the louse to get inside the government database. his mother wit of joyfulness and acquirement is single any computer whiz can appreciate. halle an der saale berry is decorative and lovely as gabriel ' s help, while don cheadle is given niggling to do as the chief fbi agent hunting gabriel. swordfish plays like a comic book with a larger - than - life time fiber in gabriel. viewers align themselves with him despite their uncertainty if he is hero oregon scoundrel. and peradventure that is the film ' s underlying fault: there embody no substantial wedge to speak of, alone those doing their upmost to survive. and that is non enough. this is one xiphias gladius that should have been throw back in the water. 