sir leslie stephen, please post if appropriate. " maffia! " - criminal offense isn ' t a amusing business by homer hankering (c) 1998 on a particular nighttime when unity found myself having some free time, i let a chance to either expire to sleep other or to see " mafia! ", a spoof of mafia and crime films such as " the godfather, " " goodfellas " and " casino ". at 84 minutes in length, i think that iodine could love a few laughs before experience a good nights sleep. but by my account statement, single guess that my laff - group o - meter only registered a few grins, unitary giggle, and maybe unity chortle. i suppose that you could rationalize your fourth dimension as homage to the revered hollywood star, lloyd bridge deck, who just recently snuff it away and whose last performance was in this film. " maffia! " chronicle vincenzo cortino ' s (lloyd span) life. separated from his kinsfolk when he be young, he get away to america and endeavour to live an honest life. merely as fate would have it, vincenzo grow up to equal a powerful and klutzy crime lord. following in his footsteps be his two sons, joey (billy burke) and susan anthony (jay mohr ). like all siblings in powerful criminal offense category, they squabble concluded power, the time to come of the family, luck, and women. " mafia! " is co - compose by jim ibrahim, world health organization also contributed to some gut - busting comic spoofs such as " airplane " and " the nude gun for hire. " just these previous movies were odd because the jokes seemed to a greater extent universally silent and there personify more of a manic silliness at work. as 1 drop a line this, i as well wonder how many hoi polloi have actually seen the movies on which this spoof be based. crime movies in ecumenical contain a draw of profanity and violence. information technology ' s a problematical genre to parody. atomic number 53 was kind of hoping that they could somehow spoof the profanity used in all of those crime movies, mayhap by experience all of the tough crime master say " please " as they adjudicate which sector to take over, only this opportunity was never explored. there were one or two bit that made maine smile such as the scene where vincenzo is dancing with his newly wed daughter - in - law of nature. a gunman shoots him various clock time. the impact of the hummer have him to fix these wild contortions that push the wedding band to change euphony styles to keep up with him, from the samba to disco to the macarena. i retrieve that i scarcely gave away the best division of the film. oh well, that barely means that you can go to log z's a footling earlier. 