as you should know, this summertime has been less than memorable. with a aggregate of little joe decent films, it ' s not a surprise that these big budget nonstarter preserve appearing. with that said, you can pretty much predict what my feeling on " the thirteenth warrior " will follow. the cinema is free base on the michael the admirable crichton " eater of the dead ", in which ahmed ibn fahdlan is banished from his country for looking at a married woman of a king. after tarveling for many month, helium comes across a gang of norse, world health organization are force to pick xiii men to protect a town from mythological devil who travel in the fog. thusly, they start blame men, and are left without 1, thus ahmed embody choosen. so far information technology sounds interesting right? non when all of this takes place in 15 minutes. after that, they essentially run around killing. that alone shows how much a script equal need for a motion picture, because once your story is introduced, you make the relief of the film to start developing it. apparently that ' s not the case here. even if you are break down into the moving picture show expecting an natural action packed adventure, you will constitute disappointed. since wholly the action takes space in murk, it is constantly hard to see a scene clearly imputable to those circumstances, and to pathetic camera work. can ' t the television camera humanity sit still? unity ' d like to really watch a film in focus, but once again, they fail to deliver that as well. the picture show moves on and on until the compass point, where you can care less about anything but the zea mays everta you ' re feeding. with corny dialogue, that the characters express joy at for some odd understanding, a script that goes nowhere, dull activity sequences, a predictable ending, and worst of all weak characters, thither ' s fundamentally nothing to like hither, except for maybe the solidification designs. that ' s the only affair that honestly caught my involvement. when ane see that lavatory mctiernan, the director, wanted his name kept tabu of the project, that made me wonder wherefore? intimately now i know. crichton ' s greed forced mctiernan to edit his finished production, which led to a big arguement. what ' s thither to argue about in any case? the picture couldn ' t be saved, no issue how much they pass or casted. seeing films like the haunting and big papa making money, i wouldn ' t be surprised to see " the 13th warrior " suit a collision. please do me a favor and save your money at all cost, oregon else you will be lost in the fog, alike the film itself. 