your first clue that something international relations and security network ' t gonna be quite proper with the movie you ' re astir to see: information technology ' s heavily christmastide - themed and its release date be, oh, say, at the end of february. your second clue that something isn ' metric ton gonna be quite right with the movie you ' re about to see: charlize theron, one of the movie ' s dubious stars, makes an appearance on the day by day appearance in which, when asked if her new motion picture ' s any good, she answer with the equivalent of a verbal sigh. .. assure us that, yeah, it certainly is a movie, all right wing! and there ' s some scene like those you ' d bear to observe in a flick, and in that location ' s some action. .. and there ' randomness other. .. stuff and nonsense. .. also. how to immediately take hold of my tending: open your movie with five dead guys in santa claus suit. then prove a caption reading " six day originally. .. " ya know, i was honestly interested to discover extinct what kill all those piteous santas. .. how to like a shot turn a loss my attention: follow your open scene with a terminally dull nice - bozo - world health organization - don ' t - deserve - to - live - in - prison setting. write a telephone circuit for the one of prisoners like " unity simply want to go home and eat christmas dinner party and watch some chunk with my pop. " and so, hold ben affleck actually say that line, on motion picture, and forget to leave it on the press clipping way floor. for good measure, cam stroke in a badly motivated prison rioting and have affleck ' s best buddy stabbed. .. aw. .. and just ii days before his release, too. already the cliches are piled on thick, and when it rains, information technology pours. how to submit my attention, dash it violently against the rocks, and cause information technology so that i ' m contemplating my strategy for calling " shotgun " astir an hour before i know the credits will roll: deny your characters the power to think. hold ben affleck, for some reason i ' ll never understand, pretend he ' s his dead prison house crony so that atomic number 2 can get his girlfriend, played by charlize theron. have gary sinise show upwardly and force the deuce of them to enter in a poorly plan gambling casino heist. the villains ' gravid idea? kidnap affleck because he practice to be a security guard at the casino, power him to tell you where all the doors in the place are, then dress upwards in santa lawsuit, create some " digression " and rob the place. on composition, it seems like the material of a likely caper comedy, but veteran director trick frankenheimer wrongly pick up that while of paper and thinks he ' s looking at the makings for some sorting of clever action - crime thriller. it ' s not alike the human beings international relations and security network ' t capable. .. far from information technology. he ' s the piece responsible for classical political thrillers like the manchurian candidate and vii days in may. he wowed pine tree state with some the most memorable automobile chases i ' ve ever realize in final year ' s ronin. but he ' s sure hangdog of churning out some certified losers. .. cast reindeer game on the ledge of shame with his 1996 version of the island of dr. moreau. step one in making your pic as easily blank out as possible: casting ben affleck in the use of the world ' sulphur nigh generic bomber. he get no good one - liners, he doesn ' t get to shoot or implode anything in new and interesting ways, and all we know about him be that he regrets his yesteryear as a car stealer and need a cup of hot drinking chocolate and slice of pecan pie. his name be rudy (short for rudolph, in all likeliness. see, it ' s call reindeer game. arrest it? get information technology? shut upwards. ) in the past, affleck has been at his best as a stick out actor, and reindeer games behave nil to advance his viability as a leading man. pace deuce in create your moving picture show as easily forgotten as possible: gary sinise ' siemens scoundrel dresses and looks like the most standard movie shepherd's crook a filmmaker could have some up with. helium ' s dirty and smitten - mouthed, atomic number 2 ' s got long, seedy hair and a goatee, and i to the full bear him to walk out of the casino carrying sacks with giant dollar sign signs on them. atomic number 2 ' sec also extremely inept at what he does. he thinks meretricious cowboy costume and santa suit make acceptable disguise, and helium trusts affleck ' s character to pull done even after, time and time and time again, helium tricks him and lies to him and nearly kills him. merely instead of tap into the comic possibility of this theatrical role, sinise look to think atomic number 2 ' s playing some sort of tough, smart, and smooth criminal mastermind, rather than the complete cretin that was obviously written into the book. [ on a side bill, gary sinise come through this workweek ' s " deed of conveyance! " award, as atomic number 2 ' s the one who gets to awkwardly cram the name of the movie into one of his lines early in the proceedings. last week ' s winner be natasha henstridge for the whole 9 1000. ] how to take your bad idea and make things worse: admit deuce or three secret plan twists that, instead of making the plain stupidity of the plan seem suddenly intelligent, make the program seem yet more ridiculous and unbelievable. this is a unsound movie. and what ' s worse is that, except for a few second near the not - indeed - arresting conclusion as the preposterous is put back by the ridiculously ridiculous, reindeer game never really gives us the satisfaction of being laughably bad. if they ' five hundred done that much, at least one would have been entertained. 