a number of critics have decide that it ' s heart to heart season on freddie prize jr. , slamming the young actor as an utterly talentless moderately boy on calling cruise control in sound - alike, disposable teen fluff corresponding " head ended heels, " " son and girls, " " downwards to you " and " she ' s all that. " while the prinze oeuvre is toilsome to defend, his gift equal not. i first take in him in the autonomous dark comedy " the house of yes, " where atomic number 2 gave a subtle, impressive performance as the young brother in one of america ' second freakiest kinsfolk. prinze has the acting chop shot; he just call for to learn a few bear roles in some grown - up moving picture to show the non - believers that he has what information technology takes. " summer catch " certainly succeed ' t assist his case. inoffensive, but utterly generic, the baseball - related quixotic comedy arrange little more than kill time. the story deals with the love affair between tenley (jessica biel ), a flush cape seedcase girl and ryan (prinze ), a local boy from a act upon class family who dream of suit a big - sentence baseball star. ryan ' s preoccupation with his novel honey - bunny drives her elitist father (bruce davison) crazy and queer his position as twirler with a mantle cod summer conference team. it ' s a wonder the kid have any time to vend, as his time is occupied with making out with tenley, campaign with her pappa, bonding with his own dad (fred ward, who deserves better than this ), fighting with his brother (jason gedrick) and carousing at a neighborhood bar with his teammates. the filmmaker urgently require to make a quirky, character - heavy baseball game moving picture like " bull shorthorn, " but haven ' t got a clue how to beget there. and so they glide from one clich? to the next for 108 moment. the lone bit of originality comes from marc blucas in a nonaged role as a center - fielder from tx. in an early barroom fit, blucas, well known as demon - fight james whitcomb riley finn from " buffy the vampire slayer, " hears a young cleaning lady compliment a guy on his posterior, then turns to teammate matthew lillard and states, " helium does have a courteous ass. a bubble behind. " when lillard gift him an " are you mad? " tone, blucas calmly state, " it ' s null intimate, " then goes on to evaluate the hind - end of some other role player, including lillard ' s. oral presentation of asses, prinze does not air his in the movie. the role player has a no nudity clause in his declaration, so two stunt - stub were utilize for a couple of semi - nude shots. blucas, whose character on the qt dates a enceinte womanhood throughout the story, gets another unique moment late in the film. sick of hear teammate make " rich wench " jokes, he climbs on top of a table and loudly declares his honey of amply - sized ladies. while his speech all the same ends up objectifying women, information technology remains a nice change of pace in a numbingly ordinary movie. trivial tidbit: " summer catch " mark a scooby doo superlative. marc blucas appears in " jay and silent bobsled hit back " as fred from the scooby doo gang, while freddie prinze jr. play the same theatrical role in the upcoming great budget film translation of the old cartoon. 