this represent a film that i represent inclined to care at the outset: the two main characters had been call for with the ok television dramatic event st. elsewhere for several age, and i had infer that the director / film writer induce indite for the show on occasion besides. i am drab to describe that the termination were non upwardly to my expectations, nor were they satisfactory. if i had to list a reason wherefore. ... but that would embody getting ahead of myself; besides, information technology ' s non immediately readable, as there are thusly many problems with the film. xtc arkin plays a form - school teacher world health organization be sardonic, cynical, and somewhat abrasive, but a good instructor. atomic number 2 spends his dejeuner playing basketball by himself on a nearby court. one daytime, he suffer a drifter (david morse, who plays diddly squat toni morrison on st. elsewhere) in the park, and blarney him in a game of one - on - ane basketball game. samuel morse turns out to be good, and a friendship slowly develops between the two, as their various professions advance on the screen - - arkin ' s teaching, and morse ' s marketing of paper flowers to extend motorists. so far, my major complaint would be the want of dialogue, and the constant trespass of the musical soundtrack. good medicine to cost sure, but information technology doesn ' t replace the talks for setting the mood operating room telling the story - - it give the film somewhat minimalistic, a proficiency i seldom admire. suddenly their friendship be interrupted by morse ' s introduction to a fellow teacher of arkin ' s, a woman arkin have long admire from afar, but information technology too restrained to near. it appear that she set out to look up to international morse code (who enjoys here attentions, but international relations and security network ' t sure what to do about it - - she doesn ' t realize that he is a drifter, and knows nothing about his past ), and this causes friction between arkin and almost everyone else. until then, i had exclusively a vague dissatisfaction with the film. the ending is where it begins to acquire into a full - fledged unsuccessful person. the woman, at least to me, appeared to be fairly shallow; i didn ' thyroxin realize how shallow until her last scene with arkin, where she reveals that she has been render to make arkin green eyed by her attentions to morse. somehow, this is pull in to appear as if it is arkin ' s fault, and it is left with him feeling somehow winning that helium ' s gotten such a find of girl. candidly, dropping her on the blot would have seemed the most civilized action at law arkin could make; punching her in the sass not the least. after this, the childish confrontation between morse and arkin at the end seems virtually instinctive. if i had to summarize a major gripe, it ' s that this is a story gap too tenuous, that creates semi - likable characters at the starting time, and so suddenly jerks them into being xvi - year - olds at the utmost moment. information technology might be dead on target - to - life story with some citizenry; but that doesn ' t mean * single * have to like it. i father ' t. . avoid. 