in treble jeopardy, the stakes are eminent. think of the plot as a rehash of sleeping with the enemy, and then rearrange the details and the grammatical gender of the stalker. the finished cartesian product, although able to maintain the viewer ' s attention, make up a predictable and unstimulating thriller with an nonsensical script. ` alex, i ' ll accept homicide for $ cd. .. ' libby minister (ashley judd) be a happily married mom leading a normal life history. one night, her hubby nick (bruce greenwood) takes her stunned for a amatory outflow on a sailboat. willard frank libby awakens in the middle of the nighttime to find she be covered in blood and nick has strangely go away. she follows a trail of bloody footprints up to the deck of cards, where she handles a fallen knife (similar any stupefied character) and comprise spotted by the seacoast sentry duty, who are responding to a distress signal sent earlier in the even. nick is dare drained, and although she plead her innocence, willard frank libby is tried and convicted for the slaying of her husband. straight off, delight preceptor ' t think i ' mib spoiling any vital plot details, because the informative poke has already spilled most of the edible bean. if you haven ' t insure this preview, preceptor ' t read any further. merely earnestly, the inane screenplay by stephen arnold douglas weisberg and douglas s. captain james cook is so uncomplicated that the average viewer will be deuce or three steps ahead of the grapheme. during the most vital scenery in the flick, iodine was look for every twist or ` surprisal ' that eventually pop up on the screen. i suppose the writers presume their essence audience for dual jeopardy be a rattling naive group of individuals. most, unfortunately, will be too distract by the moronic plot to apprize the few overconfident aspects of the production. one represent tommy lee jones, world health organization plays travis lehman, a parole officer given the slow task of watching complete libby after she serve her sentence in prison. daniel jones is always wonderful as an authority figure, and he ' s sure enough familiar with this sorting of role (as helium toy so well in the fugitive and us marshals ). judd, as a likable heroin with zestfulness, likewise has a chance to flex her acting ability. while emotionally unlikely, the actress is staggeringly fun in her juvenile character, pick up up the movie alike an injection of anti - depressant. the actors, and their relationship in concert, present the one - two punch that forestall double jeopardy from derailing itself totally. and now, backward to the plot. while behind bars, willard frank libby get wind an interesting little bit of information: a mortal commode ' t be convict of the same crime twice. this police, called ` double jeopardy ', could be her motif for hunting down her married man. .. world health organization may still be alive. yes, you heard right. the movie degenerate into a cross - area chase, where everything you carry to happen. .. practise. the last view, which could have redeemed the film, are poorly plow by director bruce beresford - whose previous body of work centers extremely around play (ride missy daisy, paradise road ). ironically, information technology is those elements - comparable the driving violence of libby to reunify with her son - that don ' t quite study hither. at least twofold jeopardy personify paced well enough to satisfy diehard buff of the two stars. alas, jones lacks some of the border that atomic number 2 had as sam gerard in the fugitive, and the material depth of his reference is only skin deep. but atomic number 2 and ashley judd are more than welcome believe the material, and both experience some memorable comic moments. judd, in particular, has a hilarious scene in which she wards away an oncoming male by explain she experience to mark off in with her ` parole officer '. hmmm. .. perhaps this would have have a in force comedy. information technology is disappointing, because there cost the makings of a competent activeness film here. it ' s nicely iridescent and choreograph in downtown vancouver, and will nurse those world health organization aren ' mt ferment off by the woeful taradiddle - line. ? tis a shame that double jeopardy is an grownup thriller that wouldn ' t fool most kid. 