wonderland constitute a kind of sugary romance movie that is as subtle as a long ton of bricks fall on you. you can consider its plot developing from a mile away. you be lure into information technology benign story of a single twenty nine - year - old girl looking for a soul mate in boston, as that city is limn as a miniskirt - wonderland for singles. this is a asterisk orient film, and the virtuoso who carries the film is erin (desire davis ). that this is a dating film, about singles world health organization for understanding of fate or luck, or knickknack, sustain non had a successful match and are now putting most of their energy into fulfilling their careers, is nothing new, this type of photographic film have been done often and better many times in contemporary films. the fictionalized docudrama unmade beds practice it more provokingly and with more than of a sense of urgency than this film. the main quirk in the plot here, is that hope ' s pushy mother (hollan) visits her in boston, sees her daughter ' s live - in family relationship with a extremist contestant (hoffman) breakup and decides to put a personal advertizing in the paper for her harvard medical schooling drop - out daughter, who works as a nurse. this is exercise without her knowledge. it is cornball sitcom stuff, but, at least, it is handle as best information technology could be by the doer and manager. it cost promiscuous to like erin, she be bright, lovingness, and attractively blonde. information technology is as easy to care for the individual mate she keeps missing contact with, the financially strapped, ruggedly handsome, intelligent 35 - twelvemonth - old alan (alan ), who no longer wants to work with his father as a pipe fitter only is doing volunteer work at the aquarium and attending college to be a marine biologist. of course of instruction, he comes across as being so good (though, atomic number 2 come kill some pisces in the aquarium ), that it is hard to consider helium ' s for real, or just some cardboard shining knight position into the taradiddle to give it an ideal to shoot for. the stilted narration revolves around their near misses in meeting each other in such spot as, the subway system, at a restaurant, or on the phone. alan ' s brother answers erin ' s ad with a few of his brother, as they each effort to answer to her ad in a phony way, make a bet that the beginning who gets to tongue kiss her, that the others witness, will win the bet. this substitute - secret plan was as obnoxious to project take lieu as it is to hear told. that we have to see erin go done several dates to prove the point how ego sick these guys are, each one more annoying than the other, culminating in the most obnoxious one of all, that brazilian lover (jose ), who is about as charming as a serpent - oil salesman, world health organization is actually the one she nearly flies away with for a holiday in brazil, was non only incredulous but right down contrary to the rich presentation of her character that was the heart of the story. anyway, as expected, all ' s swell that ends well, for this watchable piece of frippery, that fare over on crt screen best than it does when relating its story - line. the dialogue was actually non bad, those go steady erin or trying to flirt with her seemed to follow uttering veritable thing they would in reality say in their state of affairs. and, oh, by the direction, wonderland refers to the period on the boston metro, information technology personify where greyhound racing ingest place. 