information technology ' s actually not so bad that dreamworks decided to free the love letter at astir the same time as star war episode i: the phantom menace, because this way less masses will have to sit through this dreadful piddling comedy. and no, i genuinely don ' t palpate shamefaced astir wishing this movie death at the box - billet. really, 1 get into ' t. non at all. the plot get be done before - - a mysterious, unaddressed love letter shows up in a small townspeople, causing confusion for everyone world health organization reads information technology. the sum of the ensuing cataclysm exist bookstore possessor helen (kate capshaw, and by the fashion, what is it with bookstore owner main characters? in the preceding year and a one half we ' ve seen them in aliveness is beautiful, you ' ve got postal service, this moving picture, and the upcoming notting hill ), who observe the varsity letter in between couch cushions in the bookstall. she immediately commence testing other people to see world health organization it might cost from, and comes to the (incorrect) conclusion that the source of the note is a vernal employee played by tom everett george c. scott. atomic number 2, scan the letter himself, assumes that she wrote information technology for him. after a spell, they come in dear (well, duh ). kate flavour guilty astir getting in a relationship with someone more than twenty years young than her, and she likewise feels guilty because at the like time she is also involved with the town fireman (tom selleck ). to add to her upheaval, her female parent show up (blythe danner, who apparently must have had her daughter when she was about 9) and her trusted bookstore manager (deadpan ellen degeneres) quits. support characters aren ' t promise plump for for nothing. their purpose isn ' thyroxine just to move the plot along, they ' re besides supposed to give the storyline a spine. to do this, they must demonstrate at least marginal depth and mustiness also cost interesting. seldom can a motion picture work if it puts an interesting booster in the middle and fence in her with hackneyed, dull, cardboard secondary fictional character, specially when at the core of the movie is the protagonist ' s various interactions with them. this be the love letter ' s anathemize error. capshaw ' s part is as good as i take seen present in late romantic funniness, but the people that surround her be all either underwritten or purely one - dimensional. because of that, the love missive is awkward and insincere. still worse - - information technology ' s a bore. i liked capshaw and her helen, simply everyone else is painfully fake, countermine the little play or intimate tension that has the potential to exist. there is goose egg particularly screaming astir completely this either - - and besides degeneres ' wisecracks, there ' s slight that be even a little amusing. this is non a wholly thoughtless film and director peter ho - sunlight chan serve a good job of limn helen ' s yearnings and various subtle complexity. just it ' s far from profound. at that place isn ' mt a common theme run through the proceedings, so the movie seems thoughtfully pointless. rattling, this represent a harmless little movie; it ' s far from an abomination and it ' s not torturing to sit through. but speculative, it is. awful, it also constitute. the erotic love missive embody a failure, and an inane failure at that. ? 1999 eugene novikov & # 137; 