warren beatty, diane keaton, goldie hawn and gary shandling star as a twosome of married couplet whose complacent lives be astir to be shaken up in director prick chelsom ' s edition of the classical romantic, crazy comedy in " town & country. " the drawing room farce of the 30 ' s dealt with sexual innuendo and relied on mental capacity and a cracking softwood of commotion and noise to place the viewer in the midst of the duplicitous romantic military action. rearwards then, impossibly wealthy scion of society, with too much free time, would get themselves wrapped up in all kind of sexual indiscretion with spouses and lovers, only to have everything come out all right in the goal - see " the philadelphia story " for a great forcemeat. " town & land " make the impossibly moneyed protagonists with as well much free time - the kind of people that get jobs but never seem to ferment - and sexual misconduct on several levels. only, thither is almost no life time to original playscript by michael laughlin and buck joseph henry and this is " t & c ' s " fall. at that place is, apparently, a great deal of hollywood talent, in front of and behind the camera, necessitate in " township & country, " merely, without a likable operating theater, at least, interesting story to carry done their efforts, it is all for naught. and, that ' s what we catch hither - naught. porter stoddard (beatty) live a eminent - powered raw york architect with a very good life so. his xxv - yr marriage to ellie (diane keaton) appears, on the control surface, to comprise thoroughgoing. but, there are cracks just below this pristine control surface. his wife be mistrustful of his whereabouts, his kids preceptor ' t require him and his best admirer, griffon (garry shandling) and mona (goldie hawn ), are in the midst of a divorce. porter tries to get control of his life before information technology live too late, but comparable a man fighting against quicksand, his battle exactly sinks him deeper. at the xc - moment sucker of " town & country " 1 postulate myself, " what ' s the point? " i wasn ' t entertained, 1 laughed three times - complete silly trivial botch - and spent most of the film brand sentence ' til the end. warren beatty wanders around with his character in a bewildered fog, making problems for himself by thinking with a part of his physical body early than his head. buster keaton ' s ellie is an empty head fleck who can ' t envision the obvious as porter screw around on her. and, as you get to bang them, who would want friend comparable griffon and mona? the supporting cast is given nothing to act and, sometimes, does harm to the celluloid, given the material they are forced to use. nastassja kinski plays a cellist with whom hall porter has a fling. the actress, who has, eerily, failed to age over the twelvemonth, is miscast as the air - headed player and the grapheme doesn ' tonne belong, anyway. jenna elfman is a sweet, but smart, ditz who link doorkeeper and griffin on one of their tacked on mischance. andie edward macdowell live absolutely painful to see as a flush heiress (is there any other kind in this movie? ) who comes on to porter. the saving grace is a pair of offbeat perf ' s by charlton heston and marian seldes as macdowell ' s rattling strange parents. glib rationalisation of infidelity, like, " if he doesn ' t speak english people, information technology doesn ' tonne tally, " are a staple for the screenplay. the morality of the film appear to cost, if you tin arrest away with it, start for it. the cast of characters be for the most part people you wouldn ' t want to know, never take care befriend. the actors do their best, merely are hamstrung by the fallible textile. helmer chelsom, who made the outstanding, far out comedy " funny pearl, " is muck in the wad of a script and never put his imprint on " town & nation. " the production values are eminent, as one expect from a big budget hollywood film. but, the grand set by caroline hanania, lavish wardrobes by molly maginnis and top - snick photography by william fraker cannot save " town & country. " the motion picture show has let a long list of yield and statistical distribution problem and information technology might have be better, for me anyway, if hollywood exactly said no to this movie. i give information technology a d. 