author / director lawrence of arabia kasdan had a hand in penning some of the biggest moving picture successes of the eighties. yes, that ' s right, atomic number 2 co - spell raiders of the lost ark (ix / decade ), the empire strike back (eighter. 5 / x) and return of the jedi (8 / 10 ). now with this film, it looks as though he consume decide to essay his acquisition at mediocre screenwriting and bland directing. and guess what? he succeeds erst again! secret plan: a man with a shady and regrettable past decides to run away and into a little american town, where atomic number 2 make to be a licensed psychologist to an unfastened - armed drove of masses with problem. information technology isn ' t long before atomic number 2 befriends the little - town billionaire, folks become suspicious and helium falls for one of his own patients. critique: this flick is not a drollery! information technology is a drama. iodine say this right up front because from the expression of the trailer, you would call up that this motion picture secures it infrastructure in humor, merely unfortunately for us, it behave not. it is a serious pic (seriously flawed if you ask pine tree state, but 1 digress) which tender a yoke of witty epigram to keep back you awake, but overall, barely sits there. nowadays on to my review. this picture sucks because it was slow and boring, asterisk an uninteresting protagonist with an unbelievable past, included super dull patients whose problems left me indifferent at best and pissed at worst, and certify information technology all with many a predictable terminate. i have no approximation what lawrence kasdan be try to accomplish with this picture, but whatever information technology equal. .. he miss! anyone without his name could never have made this film because it be an extremely generic puff - composition, which on a good day, power be described as predictably digestible. it ' s no admiration that the studio is judge to trade it as a comedy! information technology sucks as a drama, and tire my pic cohort right to sleep. i ' ve give information technology four points on little joe extremely shallow nonetheless distinguishable marks. first off of all, one couldn ' t help only remember about how much the lead doer, loren james byron dean, looked like a young charles grodin. he yet acted alike him, save for the dry, sardonic humour. this kept me interested in determine him at least. number deuce, and this matchless is really shallow (seemed to be gear that way as comfortably ), in that location were quite a few " titshots ", as they would say back in high school. and god assist me if i behind ' t get enough of those in an aimless play. and three, and this one surprise maine the most, actor ted danson ' s cameo (yes, he will always embody sam malone to us tangible fans!) was the best part about this movie and in reality made pine tree state see him as a unlike person. a dissimilar cocksucker, but a different person withal. if ever you rip this movie one day (assure you won ' t bemuse away your laborious - realize money at the theaters? ! ), wait for his picture because it ' s actually pretty good. other than that, olive drab, drab, olive drab and olive drab. yet jason lee, a personal favorite of mine, was exit out to dry out with lame dialogue and one of the phoniest romances to attain the gravid screen in a piece. considerably, at least he finally " come tabu " and make out some real skateboarding in this movie! oh yeah, and i guess that ' s the fourth point in my rating. anyway, if you relish watching drilling patients babble on about their drilling problems to an uninteresting psychologist. .. this film ' s your bag! otherwise, skip it and run into analyze this (8 / x) once again. .. now there ' entropy a great shrink movie! little known fact about this picture show and its wiz: " three ' s troupe " fans alarm! !! terri from the television receiver show, too known as actress priscilla barnes, run a small but pivotal part as the landlady in this film. the scene be actually a fantasy successiveness and act feature cleavage, thusly stay tuned, kids! likewise, it is to note that the actress embody formerly named " penthouse pet of the calendar month " in march of 1976. she was screw as one joann witty rearwards then. she ' s originally from jersey. who the hell exist loren james dean, the dude who trifle mumford in this film? you fetch maine, but all one know be that he was born in las lope felix de vega carpio in 1969 and played the character of billy bathgate in the 1991 cinema of the same name. jason shelton jackson lee was born in the united states department of state of california in the year of 1971. he was a professional skateboarder before his acting life history took off after mallrats (6 / ten ), and even have his own skateboarding company called stereophonic system manufacturing corp. he ' s been in every kevin ian smith film except for clerks (viii. v / tenner ). listen closely and you will hear the pharmacist in this photographic film (the ballooning actor once known as pruit deems taylor vince) make a reference to the " mislay ark ", which is obviously an in - laugh, considering that information technology is the writer / director of this film, sir thomas lawrence kasdan, who co - wrote raiders of the lost ark (9 / 10 ). kasdan also played the persona of dr. cat valium in 1997 ' s equally right as it begin (8 / 10 ). ted danson also played the office of lawyer saint peter lowenstein in kasdan ' s 1981 directorial entry dead body oestrus starring a sexy kathleen turner and william hurt. 