1989 ' southward " major conference " was a delicious surprise. i didn ' t expect much of it when i decided to watch it on cable, but information technology show to live fresh and funny. nevertheless, when the appeal of a movie be its freshness, the subsequence are virtually guaranteed to exist moth eaten. that ' s sure enough rightful of " major conference two " and the most recent entry, " major league: back to the minors. " the title be, of course, a contradiction in terms. shouldn ' thymine it follow " minor conference? " that contradiction in terms suggest the lengths to which writer / director john warren has buy the farm to pinch a third moving picture show taboo of the formula established by the initiatory movie. original stars charlie sheen and tom berenger (world health organization returned for " major conference two ") are non around, leaving corbin bernsen the only original headliner to make the third motion picture show. the early warhorse who return (dennis haysbert as voodoo - inspired hitter cerrano and takaaki ishibashi as tanaka, world health organization was insert in " league ii ") seem to be around only to lend genuineness to the enterprise. the alone returning cast member who produces any laughs is bob uecker as radio announcer harry doyle, inexplicably broadcasting the game of a nonaged conference squad far from his home turf. the protagonist this sentence around is retiring pitcher gus cantrell (scott bakula ), world health organization cost hired by north star state twins possessor roger dorn (bernsen) to manage the twins ' aaa squad, the buzz. you can drop a line the movie from here: he chance a group of misfit world health organization need to learn how to act together as a team in order to make headway. there ' s a next superstar whose ego keeps him from growing (walton goggins ), an ex - ballet professional dancer (kenneth johnson ), a broken - down old timer (thom barry ), twinned outfielders both named juan (the difilippo triplets ), and a duet pitcher with throwing problems (judson mills and peter sir alexander mackenzie ). along the path, gus picks upward cerrano and tanaka (gus is purportedly an honest to goodness teammate of theirs, still though he wasn ' t in either of the preceding film ). sum totality: none. the integral enterprise is artificial, and the plaster cast is not quick for the hollywood major league. gus ' antagonist is twins managing director elmore john leonard huff (ted mcginley ). leonard is a slimy, snivel little egotist, and the gemini the twins are indolent, spoiled, and total of themselves. ( even watching the first pic i wondered why any real - liveliness squad would lend itself to being caricatured in this manner ). guam challenges leonard to a catch, the bombination vs. the twins. ( wanna shot world health organization wins? ) " back to the child " is a motion picture show that has no rationality to exist. thither ' s hardly a jest in it, the cast is infirm, and the first flick leave no room for even one continuation. 