iodin ' m pretend - - and from the available evidence, it ' s non a great speculation - - that burn hollywood burn begin animation as an insider satire of hollywood excessiveness, stupidity, ego and power - mongering. if so, the film that ended upwards on the screen ranks as i of the most spectacularly ironic unintentional jokes in pic history. it has already been well - documented that the original title, an alan smithee film, become a problem when miserable test screening forced re - cuts against the will of director arthur hiller, inspire hiller himself to opt for the directors ' guild - mandated pseudonym of alan smithee. that leave a film satire in the hands of writer joe eszterhas, as humorless a taxicab as of all time put finger to word processor. and you could just sense the disaster brewing. if you ' re inauspicious enough to sit down through burn hollywood suntan, you ' ll still be smelling that tragedy long after the lights come up. ostensibly, it ' s a pseudo - objective history of a theatre director named alan smithee (eric idle) who fall behind control of a big - budget action film called trio starring sylvester stallone, whoopi goldberg and jackie chan (all of whom come along as themselves ). when the simply recourse available to him is abandoning the project to be called " an alan smithee film " - - which, of course, it already be - - smithee steal the negative of the picture and threaten to destroy it. among the company interviewed are the film ' s producer james edmunds (ryan group o ' neal) and studio genus bos jerry glover (richard jeni ), world health organization expend virtually the entire plastic film recount the story while painfully unfunny matter survive on around them. information technology ' s bad plenty that burn hollywood burn have - - literally - - not a single laughter for its intact, blissfully abbreviated 84 minutes. what makes it even worse is eszterhas ' insistency upon telling every bad jest non once, just twice surgery even iii times. michael ovitz references, showgirls address, oral sex references, whoopi goldberg / ted danson reference - - all show up multiple clip with all the nicety that is eszterhas ' stock - in - trade. the reduncancy still manages to turn actively offensive with some relative frequency, notably with the hilarious use of the word of honor " women's liberationist " as an identifying caption for every single female person character in the plastic film. by the prison term coolio and chuck d show upward as calamitous independent film - makers the brothers blood brother (smartly key as " bad a - - " and " badder a - - ", among other unprintable things ), you may be quick to walk out of the theater with your pelage over your head to avoid constitute identified. those documentary captions, for all their leaden obviousness, allow the dependable penetration into what ' southward so hideously wrong with burn hollywood suntan. non content to stick any hollywood type with just one jab from his tuck wit, eszterhas occupy the screen with fastball point every time a new character appears. the producer is a " liar " who " slept in the lily white business firm; " the media are " maggots " and " leeches " working for publications like " the new york ooze " and " newsleak " (with the camera zooming in on the altered title to make certain you put on ' t neglect the joke ). information technology doesn ' t even matter that eszterhas tag " penile implant " after his own name when he seduce a cameo, because information technology seem like such a desperate endeavour to feign self - deprecation. this is a petulant schoolboy ' s idea of satire - - pictures of hollywood insiders to which eszterhas have have a pen to draw little mustache and black out the teeth. the last stomach - churning straw come when burn hollywood burn closes with tabu - takes over the closing credits, the kind that show the audience how much sport everyone was receive making the picture that just suck an hour and a one half of your life away. perhaps it was only a final, desperate endeavour by eszterhas to convince himself there be some role behind the film, or to win over everyone involved that a few blown line warrant threatening to blow their whole life history. pathos everyone involve with this unreasonable, ego - driven " sarcasm " of excess and ego. it ' s likewise bad that only music director tail remove their names from noxious material like this. otherwise, you might get seen credits for burn hollywood sunburn overflow with alan smithees. 