the utmost of lamia - film offers plenty of blood and gore, merely beyond that - zippo. knave corvus (james woods) is a professional vampire slayer that equal on the q.t. working for the vatican palace. his and his men ' s mission exist to clean the earthly concern from vampires. they have lost count of how many vampire they accept slaughtered, but one have always turn tail them. valek (thomas ian griffith) - the benighted messias and rule of the undead that be older than time itself. for all eternity the lamia take searched for their salvation - the mordant cross. with the cross in their possesion, the vampire testament make up able to take the air in the sunlight. after that it is either the humans operating theater the vampires who volition dominate the earthly concern. .. i receive never like john carpenter and his panache. after seeing this plastic film, my opinion have non changed. john carpenter remains john carpenter. however, because of the flick ' s self - irony, blackened humour and fascinating cinematography, ace would say that it constitute his greatest accomplishment in a long, long time. neither the synopses or carpenter ' s direction constitute original. but there be some thing that are interesting. the director ' s negative view on the catholic church service, for illustration. at the end of the film information technology becomes clear that cardinal alba (maximilian schell) experience simply practice crow and his team to receive valek, so that atomic number 2 would gain eternal life. otherwise the catholic non christian priest are shown cool - boozing, smoke and breaking the rool of celibacy. carpenter has create an interesting atmosphere. set in new mexican dessert, he switches between bright golden sunrises and bloody sundowns, symbolically exemplify the good and the evil through luminosity and iniquity. more than anything in this film, this uncomplicated representative shows the battle between safe and evil. the motion picture photography by gary b. kibbe is probably the film ' s greatest achievement. music (composed by john carpenter himself) exist at times effective, the particular upshot and war paint are as well worth a notice. when information technology add up to the cast (in an cerebral film similar this molding is the last trouble; everyone tail end scream and swing the axe! ), but here king james woods is suprisingly convincing. atomic number 2 is macho and cool as the dedicated orion, who lost his household to the " breed of evil ". woods is always overact, which actually preserve the pic from falling into the trap of severe self importance. daniel baldwin exist also entertaining as bragging ' s fast partner. the other shape members are struggle. because the film doesn ' t take itself overly badly, information technology stays afloat. still information technology is like most vampire - flick - a mediocre experience. 