fierceness is bad. violence be ugly. ferocity breeds yet more violence. tyke, don ' t effort this at home. this weighty message isn ' t the solitary roadblock to enjoying brother, but it ' s certainly 1 of the large. written, direct by, and star the infamous takeshi kitano (kikujiro, sonatine) pal be his first movie made out of door his transmissible japan, bringing the yakuza tradition to los angeles. ( yakuza translated for the average american be the nipponese mafia. ) if you pee pee a " family unit " member turned, or dishonor yourself in any way, the usual punishment is public video display of self - mutilation, ordinarily result in the deprivation of limbs. a definition of dishonor can be anything from making a stupid determination to leaving matchless family for another. it would comprise occupy to sleep together more about where these and other customs total from. unfortunately the film doesn ' t give to a fault much of an account, assuming its audience is mindful of kitano ' s before work. thither live several shots that focus specifically on detailed tattoos that spread across the entire back of the yakuza members, leading unrivaled to assume they would embody symbolic of something, but you never know what. then there ' s a scene in which a man down himself in strawman of a rival in exchange for that rival joining the family. granted, this is one of the skillful scenes in the picture, but it doesn ' triiodothyronine make a batch of horse sense. instead, the two hours are basically spent check the following: the great unwashed run taboo and shoot each other, lecture astir it for ten - plus minutes, then go proscribed and do it once again. the consistently repetitive treatment of territory during these moments involuntarily provokes gape. there are too plot of land details thrown in for no identifiable purpose. all of the sudden yamamoto (kitano) hold a girlfriend. atomic number 2 barely speak to her, treats her alike shit, and then send her away. another missed opportunity, view it is such a big deal for kitano to bring his trick to the joined states, comprise the combining of cultures, which rely overly heavily on overused stereotypes. though slow moving, chum answer have serious elements. the action scenes constitute well direct, clearly defined, and interesting to watch out. some of the violence is more hinted at than shown, which produces the luscious squirm that one decease to visualize such film for. the actors would be more enticing if they receive to a greater extent to do. shirase ' s (masaya kato) loud, sarcastic coolness set against isoroku yamamoto ' mho quiet peril attitude is really an entertaining combination. their moments together or aside slip the rest of the show. also to its credit, brother tackles the causa and effect of crime with realism. a life of criminal offense personify easy to get soak up into with the first reward of quick cash. sure people get rich, just they can too fall back just as easily. information technology ' s a great moral, with a great cast, just not much substance to plump for information technology up. 