" you can ' thyroxin birth any of this. information technology ' s all mine! " - - - a misrepresented priest (charles the bald huevelman) hordes his tasty fried chicken while dana (angela zimmerly) looks on uninterested. an malevolent comportment, appropriately named the presence (dj vivona ), rules over an alternate dimension where neither saint nor demon can tinge him. for beef, the bearing likes to trick a human into rounding upwards five of his or her friends so they can all represent sent to his dimension and be consistently slaughtered. when something fail wrong and one of the presence ' s recent dupe escapes, the angels and demons are alerted to his existence and feel he is a threat that want to be stopped. they enlist the help of alison (ramona midgett ), a recent suicide victim, to return to the flesh and follow the captain hicks novel enlistees through the crank wall that smother the the nether - realm. her mission is to melt away the icing barrier and allow the angels and demons access by prompt the mien of who atomic number 2 once be, an ancient courtyard jester named abraham who lost his job when his king and queen were kill. the power ' s sorcerer, amblyn (world health organization also lost his job ), settle to choose abraham nether his wing as an apprentice. during the downtime in his unemployment, amblyn decided to create a new dimension where black art, evil, and distortion ruled. abraham wished to pursue his master into this new land, so he was asked to show his devotion to the vicious ace by murdering his one true lovemaking. in this modern land, amblyn would allow abraham to pursue the variation of hunting and destroy the humans that would be brought to this realm. after each slaying, ibrahim would become stronger, until his power surpassed that of amblyn ' mho. because of the screw - up that allowed the late escape, ibrahim was able bodied to put down his master and take control of the land himself. as alison quests to find abraham and show him the computer error of his ways, the six spot fresh hapless humans are give up to live out their worst nightmares and then represent brutally murdered. if there ' s one thing single can ' t stand when i witness a motion picture, information technology ' s when the film is pretentious and arty barely for the interest of being pretentious and arty. film comparable eraserhead and begotten are two of the worst good example of this, and now internal combustion engine from the sun can be summate to this list. this film is essentially an 80 minute stalking - and - slash film (following the dante ' s inferno idea that your hell corresponds to how you lived your life or any one of the plots to nightmare on elm street trine done 6) intercut with almost 40 minutes of strange and (supposedly) haunting images, many of which serve more than to confuse than to further the plot. if there aren ' t outre images floating past the screen, then we get pointless shots of a self destructive alison staring at her breakfast for minutes at a meter surgery contemplating whether operating theatre not she should answer her phone. compelling, but at long last not. the chess opening credits succession is designed like a medicine video for some unknown industrial set featuring various random images from the film interspersed with other random image. the credits run the intact distance of the song which is almost five bit and the actual cast listing and other acknowledgment selective information doesn ' t bug out upward until near the goal of the sequence. when the opening credits start i recollect my videocassette recorder had accidentally slue off and a interstitial from mtv2 had found its way to my tv. at least the medicine in the film is pretty decent, made up of for the most part industrial and hard rock music and even features a song by salvia officinalis midgett. at the beginning of the film it is established that the presence possesses supernatural powers like shooting hummer out of the palms of his manus and decapitating people by wave his hand in presence of them (and he talks like a darth vader clone without the leaden breathing ). for some reason though, he depute all of his main stalkings to what seem comparable the support mould of deliverance. one over - alled cretin handles the presence ' atomic number 16 gravedigging and likes to chop peoples heads hit with his shovel, then thither ' s an inbred father (dwight spurgin) and his two inbred children (mark kettler and jennifer poirrier - wallace) that take care of a young woman who has been transformed into a half dog - half human mix with a shotgun, and of course a big truck driving guy that likes to tie people up naked to the back of his vehicle and drag them across endocarp roads before pouring saltiness all over their wounds. wherefore would you require to give responsibilities to a bunch of " rednecks " when you yourself had all of these cool powers? and how is it that the fellow that screw ended all of his buddies is able to polish up up just five friends to complete the number of people call for to enter the region at incisively the same time? i can scantily get more than two unitedly all at once at any give moment. the near ludicrous segment though comes right before the aforementioned dragging / salting episode. the persona in inquiry, dana (angela zimmely ), own her turn up to be kill and is standing at the front of a movie theater in which the comportment is seat. a priest defend deuce naked dirty humans on leashes walks in and sits down next to a large record of fried chicken. helium piece up the entire platter and starts to enjoy the chicken, taunt dana as she looks on with no involvement whatsoever. when she get to depart, the priest chides her for go before the performance starts and then something that looks comparable a either a creature from a gwar show or a terry gilliam brio from monty python number to life, walks come out, and makes like it wants to be crucified by her. the presence get down to clap annoyingly (which continues for the rest of the sequence) until dana takes turned with the unusual creature following her. when it finally catches upwardly to her, she stabs information technology in it giant eyeball and is cover in slimy glop that spurts from the ruptured harmonium. the box for the film title " because of the horrifying nature of the motion picture, paternal discretion is advised for persons under the historic period of eighteen. contains nudity and pictorial ferocity ". while both be for sure on key, on that point doesn ' t seem to be much of either in any large amounts. besides a loving confining up of a spurting neck opening pulpit, a semi - graphic self - surgery scene, and two instances of head psychic trauma (one ladder over and one and only melting ), most of the gore is just of the spraying blood or bloody wound covered body variety. as for nudity, it is very thin, but at least we beat to find out angela zimmerly (far and away the virtually attractive cast member) before her body is bruised, tear, and bloodied by the dragging incident. ice from the sun has be free on vhs by world wide web. b - movie. com. it take been presented in in full - frame merely and the transfer (for a film blastoff a good deal in 8mm) be pretty decent. besides the decent soundtrack (which is likewise available from world wide web. vitamin b complex - moving picture. com ), a piddle - of video be also usable called on thin ice. i haven ' mt had the opportunity to see the documentary, but i actually would have been interested to see what the set was same while all of the shots were be filmed, if only to see how director eric stanze (director of a similar cult film called savage harvest time ), direct the atmosphere on set. 