lead a looking at the following equation. ... a christmas christmas carol + ghostbusters = scrooged yes, scrooged is the leftover smorgasbord of sentiment, comedy and horror you would get if you mixed those 2 element toghether. scrooged is alternatively nauseated, consummate, funny, and then sickly soppy. handbill murray plays frank crown of thorns, a t. v executive with a ugly personality. he ' s evil to secretary, histrion, gang, everyone, except the t. v ' s station ' s boss, of course (played by the late robert mitchum) however, he is then visited by a very dead exec, who warns cross that atomic number 2 bequeath be visited by three touch, past tense, present and future (who is called the ghost of yet to come, for some reason) sure enough, they arrive, show cross how much of a second. o. b he is, and he changes his way. however, throughout this simple plot of ground, we ' ve got to digest outlandish special effect, pitiable comedy, and an very, very average carrying out from banknote james augustus murray. candid cross international relations and security network ' deoxythymidine monophosphate ' funny ' mean, he ' s just mean. he also isn ' t very proficient at emotional scenes, and totally destroys the final 10 minutes of the film, with an utterly desperate speech say how great christmas embody, and how he ingest changed. however, the supporting cast are ok, with good performances from mitchum, allen (world health organization plays his girlfriend) and bathroom glover (world health organization plays cross ' s ' partner ') the wraith of yuletide preceding isn ' deoxythymidine monophosphate that bad either. woefully, though, the audience have to suffer 25 second of ' home alone ' style violence from the trace of christmas day present, played by christmas carol kane. whoever thought smack that kane smack murray in the nous with a wassailer equal funny, should be fired straight away. and the hearing besides get to suffer bobcat goldthwait (the guy with the annoying vocalisation in police academy terzetto, if 1 remeber correctly. .. . ) who, thankfully, dosen ' t allege often. the book is horrendous. michael o ' donaghue churn out painful, spoiled taste jokes (which i guess is the unanimous point really) then alter direction completely to emotional scenes. and he mustiness of be on some drug when he wrote the final ten min, which are awful. the special effects calculate nice, but do nothing for the moving picture show. there ' s some telling make upwardly consequence also. the music is also good, which be scored by danny elfman. but majuscule effects and make up preceptor ' t make a large film. scrooged is an appaling effort to inject some noel spirit into the audience, project as the first one hr xx minutes of the film are hence depressing at any rate, and the last ten minutes had to make upward for it with an godawful speech. why didn ' t crown of thorns only look ko'd his white house window, and ask a immature boy to buy a goose for him? overall, then, you ' d give a much better christmas if you avoid this film like something that should constitute avoided (perhaps a pestis ) 