synopsis: sullen julie king james i, still haunted by nightmares of the killer ben willis from iodin know what you did last summer, perks upward when her new best champion karla wilson win a misstep for four to the bahamas. arriving at the outset of the hurricane season, julie and karla run about in very tight clothing and realise they ' ve walk into a trap set by the rainslickered slasher with a huge come on for a hand. comments: i may be showing some popular culture analphabetism here, simply iodine have never seen an sequence of the fox television series " political party of v. " i am only vaguely aware of the show ' s premise, and my knowledge of it comes from brief commercial i half - paid care to while watch the tube shaped structure. " party of five, " i do know yet, seem to be the start land for actresses in the teen repugnance genre. neve campbell, scream queen of the 90s and star of screeching, screeching deuce, and the craft, cost a fixture of the show. so too be jennifer love hewitt. lo and behold, following in the step of campbell, hewitt directly has a repulsion franchise of her own: the i make love what you did net summer line. though the original motion picture show, released last year, cost watchable plenty, this insipid sequel had maine look at the theater ' sulphur glowing red exit mansion longingly throughout. jennifer beloved hewitt be a very good - looking young leading gentlewoman; yet, unlike neve campbell, hewitt struggle with acting. she just now isn ' thyroxine convincing in this picture show (and she wasn ' triiodothyronine in the original either ). this puts many young males, let in myself, in a self contradictory plight: she ' s very attractive, but the annoying, spoiled, vale girl - type character she try to toy here is annoy to the extreme and ruins many of the scenes which emphasize, exploitatively, her build. add to the mix the equally pleasant even irritating brandy, another rising teen idiot box star, and you go one and only torment male interview. ace ' ve spent thence much time on hewitt and brandy for a reason. unity still acknowledge what you did last summer, though cashing in on the succeeder of the original, ultimately attend as a vehicle for these deuce young actresses. nothing else hither is original operating theater interesting. this movie, in fact, cook former recent so - so horror picture like urban legend and john carpenter ' s vampires appear same stunning kit and caboodle of in high spirits artwork. i still have it off relies heavily on timeworn slasher film cliches: an obscure location, a violent storm, parentless teenagers, pretended alarm nightmares, lots of blue - lighted wickedness scenes, a garbed slasher world health organization walks around in the background without the lineament seeing him, knives and other sharp instruments lying around everywhere, etc. you fuck off the picture. the entire consultation knows all the junior grade characters introduced in the film are going to receive the byplay destruction of the cause of death ' second hook. they may every bit substantially have huge targets painted on them. same screech and its numerous knockoffs, these secondary characters are supposed to answer as comic relief. alas, i nevertheless know ' s characters aren ' t altogether that good story. in particular, one graphic symbol, a chain - weed - smoking guy, is obnoxiously annoying and certainly doesn ' triiodothyronine dice shortly enough. the death scenes, by the way, are relatively trigger happy for a stagily free horror film. various of them be uncomfortable to watch, and they reminded maine of the sickening gore panorama in hellraiser: bloodline, a truly sadistic movie. this, too, coiffure not assist the supposed humor i nevertheless know make up shooting for. and what be the deal with the slasher himself? i cognize that the slasher film is not a particularly reasoning genre, but ben willis get get to die down as one of the most pathetic slashers in mainstream horror. make out on, the guy wire looks like the gorton ' s fisher, and his husky vocalism makes him sound like a disney literary pirate. though his lightning - lit appearances ellicited much - needed laughter in the dramaturgy, his appearance borders on the the absurd in the horror picture, and that ' s * really * saying something. so, all that ' s leave to talk astir here is jennifer love hewitt and brandy. both swagger about in tightfitting, revealing outfits or in several states of undress, yet neither of them e'er actually do a nude scene. hewitt, however, does make a post - exhibitioner scene in which her thin bathrobe is quite. . . titillating. this scene alone made this one - star republic of turkey earn two star nether my paygrade organization. otherwise, hewitt and brandy both grate on the cheek. early in the film, for instance, brandy get ahead the misstep to the bahama islands. she and hewitt jump about and scream and screech for what seems similar forever. i needed redundant - strength tylenol after that constituent. oh, and the film ' s closing, lecture about repetitive! mass world health organization picture i know what you did last summer testament predict 1 still know ' s ending at least 5 minutes before it happens. oil production! unity saw this movie with my brother at the local downtown movie theater. admission is only one and only dollar mark on wednesday, and we often get see bad movies on these days just to ridicule them. information technology ' s usually a fun thing to do along with the repose of the hearing, who wear ' t appear to mind take part in a mass " mystery story science dramaturgy 3000 " - case viewing. i yet know what you did last summertime, however, produced various lengthy uncomfortable silence from the consultation, underscoring how bad information technology * really * is. if it weren ' tetraiodothyronine for the primary actress ' revealing wardrobe, i ' d have experience a very, rattling heavy fourth dimension sitting through this lame sequel. i can ' t imagine trying to watch it on video (horror movie seem 10 times better in a theater because they rely heavily on audience participation) and wouldn ' t recommend it to people, unless they ' re horror film fanatic operating room immense fans of hewitt and brandy. i read on a website somewhere that another subsequence be already in the works. what a depressing persuasion. hewitt obviously postulate to spend more time on television receiver figuring come out how to act. rated r, this picture show contains luck of vehemence, various gory scenes, and a yoke nubile, horny teenagers - - though the sex act itself is always scotch. iodine ' d state this live inapplicable for kids, only teens wouldn ' t have a problem sitting through it, particularly since they obviously frame the flick ' atomic number 16 target interview. 