there have live bad photographic film in recent years: ' mr.. magoo ' exist by far the worst always made, the spectacularly defective ' blue in the face ', the frightful ' sister genuises ' and now ' atomic number 53 woke up early the day i died '. information technology may not however be the worst movie made simply information technology sure as shooting ranks as unity bad movie. the film ' s performing (if that ' s what you require to call it) is intimately mediocre to maine. load with a arresting cast of characters you would think that the stamp would at least save the film a bit, boy was i wrong. after escaping from a genial institution ' the stealer ' recreate by billy zane goes forbidden in the real world and receive that it is pretty coarse and spunky. he turns to burglary to live, robs a loan back, kills the loanword officer and run with thousands. a country - wide of the mark military man hunt is on for him to catch him and work him down. he ends up in a cemetery where he puts his money in a casket to keep it for afterwards, comes back and clear that soul took information technology and assign it somewhere. now he is determined to kill wholly the visitors at the funeral earlier that daylight until atomic number 2 dumbfound his money back, ultimately leading to a finis that is less that satisfying. a film which was based on a ' recollective - lose ' book by ed wood, unity have just 1 question: no dialogue, only music and movement where on the nose is the point? the flick moves along at a kinda slow pace, but does have unitary advantage: the soundtrack which be catchy and vibrant except the first birdsong which can be nauseating to some. it open up with a fun, innovative hatchway credits sequence and quickly start downhill after that. some of the humble points equal when ' the stealer ' steals a woman ' s purse, and then she faints, sandra bernhard as a social dancer and tippi hendren as a deaf woman whom ' the thief ' killing to the music of ' psychotic '. come up on people get some modern ideas already! what ' s still bad be that the film has no plot at all. well to a certain extent information technology does, just who cares by the time the midsection of the film arrives we ' re bored forbidden of our mind and ready for something fun and exciting to befall. ' i woke up former the solar day i give up the ghost ' is a perfectly bad motion picture show. it shows usa how low filmmaker get sometimes just when dire to make a movie. even with the huge mold natural endowment, the motion picture show is a thriftlessness of my time and certainly a wastefulness of yours. 