barb wire, pamela carl david anderson lee ' s beginning maraud into film, highlights the fact that her only endowment lies in her silicone polymer heighten assets. being the only notable member of the shape, the television camera lingers lustily o n her soundbox at every opportunity, make her lineament ' s catch line, " don river ' t call pine tree state babe, " good very ironic indeed. from the very chess opening of the moving picture show, we are treated to a striptease routine from maxwell anderson, ending in her hurtle her stiletto sapidity between the eyes of a concupiscent male person world health organization happened to call her babe. throughout the movie, there personify ample footage of enormous chest and segmentation, if non of philip anderson ' s, then at least of the female extras. this alone is decent to retitle the film babe wire. for a plot, barb wire rehashes the casablanca plot line. information technology is 2017, the middle of the second american civil war, and barb wire, a erstwhile opposition fighter, run a joint in sword seaport called hammerhead (! ! ). known for attracting ohmic resistance fighters an 500 characters of all sorts, the streak attract the attention of the administration forcefulness who appear dressed in nazi - expressive style uniform. in between bashing up helpless male and showing murder her stylemark bosom, barb wire have to avail a former lover and his wife get to the airport on the early side of the town, past the government - check areas, and to freedom. even the airport looks same the ane in casablanca, except that the sheet in the background is a modern, individual k. there be hardly any significant consequence in this film, and 1 develop the impression that information technology was design for young teenagers familiar with the saturnine equus caballus comics interpretation of " barb wire. " if anything, unity leave the film with the confirmation that phil anderson di d non do her own stunts. who could fight and bound in a skimpy, strapless leather top, and notwithstanding maintain her breasts from spill out? only a stuntwoman. not pamela anderson lee. 