not a great dozen month for either of the principals from this movie. earlier this class, nora ephron wrote and produced one of the year ' s least sympathetic " comedies " called hanging up, featuring a bunch of annoying adult female (ironically, lisa kudrow played one in that film as considerably) who barely have time to manage astir anyone but themselves. ick. .. veridical sweet hooey. but her slight unsuccessful project was nothing compared to what john travolta go through earlier this summer, with a moving picture show entitled battlefield earth. i seemed to represent the only person on this major planet who somehow prize the film, even if it be on a " cheese " factor, as everybody, and i mean everybody else, passably much classified the moving picture as one of the worst disasters of all time. yipes. .. another sweetheart. therefore what happens when you position these two people in the same room and come out with a movie co - starring the ever - versatile lisa kudrow? uhhhm, you guessed information technology. .. not often. patch: in order to escape major fiscal difficulties, a local weatherman hooks upward with his orchis - picking lotto girlfriend and rigs the body politic drawing. but as more and more masses bump out about their system, more and more people require a part of their winnings, and more and more problem arise. review article: plainly stated, ane didn ' t laugh one time during this entire picture. for a comedy, it offered pine tree state a few smiles, a bunch of poop as character, a miscast john travolta hamming it up and lisa kudrow, in what pot just described as a " sluttier " version of her fibre of phoebe on tv ' s " friends ". this film was not equally disastrous as i thought information technology would be, but it was pretty closemouthed. gratefully, the clip of travolta dressed up in goofy outfit, trip the light fantastic toe as the weatherman were exit in the motion picture ' s trailer, and not in this last deletion. and not unlike the worst film of the class so far, beautiful, this motion picture also managed to feature many unkindly, idiotic and just quetch vex characters in its cast. foremost was travolta ' s character, world health organization worsen to founder america any understanding to handle for him once in the entire movie. and for maine, the casting option of john travolta for this role equal just plain wrong. he didn ' t accommodate the theatrical role. iodine just saw him in get shorty the other twenty four hour period and thought about how perfect he be for that role. a cool, reckon roughneck with a sure hip, suave " je ne sais quoi ". in this film, he expect like atomic number 2 ' s try out to be funny, examine to make up bad, trying to be good. we ' re non hypothesise to be able to notice that, and when we do, at least in my caseful, ace consider it a wrong alternative in cast. add that to lisa kudrow, boring us with yet another one of her patented " dull blonde " act, but this sentence, dressed in sexier outfits. michael rapaport, stretching peerless small play muscle to recreate the cat world health organization isn ' t rather up at the same speed level as everyone else. and a truckload of empty bellied comedic bullet scale, and you ' ve got yourself an extremely smooth audience anticipating punch wrinkle that never rather materialize. the only veridical good matter that ace could say about this plastic film is that it story was actually half - interesting and never real bored me. i likewise liked michael moore ' s perverted cousin character, and unity get it on, and i say information technology again, sleep together the quality that bill pullman play. give this dude his own film! he play a lazy cop, a man world health organization tries everything not to make any real employment. he fakes injuries to get off tariff, tries to avoid arrest billet so that he win ' tetraiodothyronine have to fill up out any forms. .. now there ' s a basis of humor. sadly, the movie maker decided to bring him into play with only when about half an minute left in the film. and there ' second not much else iodine can say about this movie, family line. on the unit, it was game, let in a heap of unlikeable characters fiddling around in a pool of unfunny lines, and very little of involvement for any target audience. but obtain somebody to write improving a movie featuring that lazy cop played by pullman and atomic number 53 ' m thither! 