outline: sonny koufax (adam sandler) be a fertile, childish, angry man world health organization has just been dumped by his girl vanessa (kristy swanson ). in a bidding to move vanessa sonny impersonates his friend kevin (jon james maitland stewart) and adopt a 5 year old boy distinguish julian (cole and dylan sprouse) while kevin cost on an overseas trip. under sonny ' s supervision julian before long learn to lie to cleaning woman, tell people how atomic number 2 " wipes his screw, " throw tantrums, and scream for his " divinity anathemise " delicacy. ego concentrate, julian breaks a school classmate ' s arm without apologizing oregon even agnise helium possess done anything wrong. meanwhile sonny payoff julian with sugary talk, food, toy, and flashy promises in order to get the kid to do. not astonishingly the government takes julian away from sonny ' s incompetent person supervising, and this leads to a hold battle. opinion: it ' s a movie astir an embittered spook teaching a little kid to be a jerk, and we all get bum laugh because for 90 minute the sinless kindergartner never find out what it means when atomic number 2 mimics all the bad boy behavior. that ' s the burden of big dada. only in that respect ' s a great issue involved: marketing. movies that embody rated pg and pg - 13 be heavily marketed towards children of preteen age and below. on tv, photographic film clip advertise these movies as fellowship - friendly bang comedies. then when you blend see them they turn out to be either raunchy sex acts like austin powers with characters named juicy bastard - - or big pappa where adult character bewilder their jollies by buddying up to naive five year old and encouraging them to try out with drugs and mistreatment. folks in hollywood be trying to develop a preteen grocery for raunchy stuff, but i remember most american parents would agree that former puerility is a time of mental innocence that should be protected from uncaring media market exploitation. to many american mothers in that location ' s probably nothing more silly and unsettling than the sight of a theater full of unsupervised small eight twelvemonth olds laughing raucously as movie fictional character father adam sandler jokes about a charwoman ' s " methamphetamine hydrochloride cold titty. " 