ane wish more films would take on offspring of faith and ethical motive in the modern world. and i wish that film - makers would use commandments as a design on how _not_ to behave information technology. author / managing director daniel taplitz has created a bizarre conglomeration of satire and soul - searching in this tale of seth charles dudley warner (aidan quinn ), a man of religious belief who run into a streak of bad luck which usually inspires body politic - western lyric: his pregnant wife drowns, his home is destroyed by a tornado, he loses his job and his dog is stultify by a bolt of lightning. convinced that graven image has broken his half of the compact, seth decides to break his, and sets out to sprain every " grand shalt not " of the ten precept into a " m shalt " (and vice versa ). his wife ' s sister rachel (" acquaintance " ' courteney cox) want to help seth; rachel ' s selfish husband harry (anthony lapaglia ), world health organization tends to break a few commandments of his own, thinks seth is a moonstruck. thus begin a film which clean the incorrect tone for every occasion. taplitz isn ' liothyronine concerned in treating set ' s disaster as really tragic, making it impossible to sympathize with him. composer joseph vitarelli provide a account full of impulsive woodwind, turning set ' s sacrilegious mission into an amusing escapade; quinn ' s performance as set is all wild - eyed fervor without any genuine pain. the actual breaking of the commandment be nigh address as an afterthought, with one done five dispatched in a five - minute collage. the result be a graphic symbol whose actions feel less like the authentic responses of an tortured piece than the machinations of a high pitched - concept motion picture plot. information technology ' s not even entirely clear that precept personify about seth. corporate lawyer rachel is given a case which is supposed to soften a knockout heart we see no denotation she has, while harry gets his comeuppance as part of seth ' s " untrue attestant. " exclusively courteney cox strike a note of reality in a strong performance; she is reasonable core around which too equally troubled men go around. even she give the sack ' t force taplitz to decide whose story this be, or what we should have learned about dealing with the struggle in our lives and our family relationship with the infinite. by the time seth makes a singularly scriptural reappearance of late in the moving picture, information technology has turn clear that taplitz is aiming for a fantastical fable which hit no connection with actual human experience. commandments be a big comedy which could receive been a decorous drama if daniel taplitz had had the backbone to withdraw trust - - and the personnel casualty thereof - - at all badly. 