yeah, yea, the advertisements didn ' t even try to hold in the fact that this movie give exclusively one hooking - sex. neve campbell and starship trooper ' s denise richards catch it on? sooner state! yeah, it ' s a comme il faut two minutes of flick erotica, simply even if that ' s your master involvement in this film, there ' s plenty of cheeziness to sit thru in rally for those ii bit. wild things does have a hatful more to call back astir than you mightiness expect however. nearly every unmarried scene is a huge plot of land twist guaranteed to leave you guessing, or at least curious to project the side by side turn, throughout the full flick. just this fast - step, razor - sharp turn of events doesn ' metric ton leave much sentence to enjoy the surprises. we take off polish off in a high - class california high schooling where every student resemble a supermodel in the making. guidance pleader surface to air missile lombardo (matt dillon) seem to catch the eye of every student, particularly kelly van ryan (ivor armstrong richards ), girl of the locally prestigious menage whose social status is about as high as their banking concern account. flop off the chiropteran, kelly is using every asset she has in an effort to seduce " mr. lombardo ". the fund - raiser gondola wash seems the opportune time, in particular when you wash your guidance counselor ' s landrover in all white apparel and select plenty of precautions to insure you ' ll be soaked from head to toe when you ' re come. on the weekend of the car wash, kelly ' sulfur effort at seduction drop monotonic, and when they do, she concoct the tale that sam in fact raped her that day. naturally sam is make into a state of frightened shock at these accusation. simply the differently unsubstantial fabrications soon lead to a criminal trial when a low - class, cannabis sativa smoking pupil by the name of suzie toller (joseph campbell) comes forth with a near identical story, also involving her trusted direction counsellor. mark himself against the communities about respected names and authoritarians, sam moldiness try out his innocence thru the aid of his stopgap defence attorney, ken bowden, played by bill murray. yes, that throwaway murray! sound similar a good, complete motion picture? yes, that alone could have been, but this is scarce the outset. in fact, the trial is over about xv or 20 minutes into the flick. it is merely used to launch the well nigh twisted story of late clip. by the time the movie finishes, you will take in pass thru every plot of land twist conceivable. unfortunately, with so much going on, you ' re non given adequate sentence in ace predicament to be as effectively shocked when a new twist come well nigh. this is just one way music director john mcnaughton fails to make this movie every bit playfulness as information technology could ' ve been. the 113 minutes fly by, and although information technology never feels developing, this pretzel of storytelling could ' ve be much to a greater extent richly realized had a slower footstep be taken. the playacting is incredibly remindful of fox prime - time soap opera, which no, is non a good thing. and it ' s not scarce campbell, world health organization happens to hail from the quality - time fox georgia home boy " company of fin ", simply everyone suffers from intemperately melodramatic overtone. dillon, who represent so captivate in his understated purpose in utmost class ' atomic number 16 in & out, gives the good performance, and murray ' s surprising appearance adds some comedic flare to the film. in fact, if the unanimous movie accept represent promoted as a subtle comedy, still if it make up the exact same film, i would really grant it a sound grade. that ' s how cheezy it comes away. but apart from these two, the rest fling nothing more than some honorable eye - good ' sec. in the ripe hands, wild things could ' ve been a evilly delightful, lusciously misrepresented thriller, but instead we have jejune overuses of profanity and some very laughable displays of acting. and what ' s upwards with these people passing as high schooling scholarly person? atomic number 53 actualize hollywood much casts older actors to flirt teenage roles, only when unity realized information technology wasn ' t supposed to make up a college they were at, i had to snicker. 1 won ' thyroxin lie - this is definitely a guilty pleasance. every bit corny as it comprise, it ' sulphur got some interesting aspect and could deserve at least a " bel " for effort. only if you simply need to admire denise richards, operate for last year ' s starship troopers, which be every bit as campy, but a jillion times substantially. of course, if seeing her breasts is your most authoritative goal, you ' ll live right at home with wild things. maybe the savage thing of all is that somebody in reality looked at this and thought information technology deserved to live in theaters. 