final summer, a feature of speech - length version of the retaliator hit theaters to the air of a unanimous critical panning. based on the famous 60 ' s television system display, the film was an enormous box seat - power flop and a huge disappointment for warner bros. a yr later, the studio apartment is upward to their old tricks again, with the unnecessary revival of the robert conrad program the wild, wild west. but it sounded promising: the same tatter - squad of wiz will smith and film director barry sonnenfeld, who both lend to urinate adult male in black such a fiscal success, is at the reins again. and co - star kevin franz joseph kline be sequester to the labor, equally easily as a substantial budget to spice up the special effects. i mean, what could possibly go ill timed? the reply is just about everything. wild wild rebecca west is a cinematic odium - a film that was so altogether pointless to begin with that information technology equal never given a right chance to get out of the logic gate. there be a fortune of fancy special effect, and a smattering of distinguished actors who try desperately to tunnel through the inane plot and bring in a long lived feeling. only the hand is so deliriously spotty, the intact movie so off course, that no human being or technical achievement have a prospect to salvage information technology. at square one, we accept a off the wall case of casting. will smith child's play james west, a renegade cowboy who be originally played by bloodless actor henry martyn robert conrad in the tv series. my supposition regarding the molding of african - american ian douglas smith make up a simple i: the actor + a cozy summertime press release = big bucks for all those involve. smith is a rattling gifted performing artist who usually brings swift self confidence to any comical relief stuff, but this is non an idealistic role for him. he ' s too much of a joker. i heard that initial casting included st. george clooney in the lead function, and candidly, that sounds a deal more plausible. what makes matters worse is that smith goes through the character with such self - assurance in his center; you can practically sense his contentment with the fact that atomic number 2 knows hazardous wild w will be a brobdingnagian hit at the summertime box office. the plot of ground necessitate west and cross - dressing government agent artemus gordon (kevin kline ), world health organization are assigned by the chairman to retrieve a group of kidnapped scientist. the trail leads to the infernal dr. arliss loveless (kenneth branagh ), a humans with no low body world health organization utter in a wry, witty southerly accent. loveless has taken the country ' s top technological minds hostage so that they terminate assist in his crazed design of total politics restraint, using deadly superweapons to destroy entire towns. one such weapon is an 80 - foot mechanically skillful tarantula, have a bun in the oven 8 spindly legs of thrash about metal and spewing tremendous fireballs leave and right. the ocular personal effects that bring this metal bug to life equal spectacular, seamlessly meld computer - generated imagery with the westerly milieu. unfortunately, all of these core look so detached from the story, and can come little to support the flick ' mho plot inadequacy, which are undoubtedly the chief problem. barbaric wild west be a running gag that never truly act upon. most of the put on, unremarkably care of smith, go on arrival. if information technology ' s one affair that could possibly follow the saving goodwill, it ' s the performance, and even they are mostly off - kelter and poorly delivered. franz joseph kline is admirable, merely he have little to do only invent silly devices on the spot. salma friedrich august von hayek is wasted as the romanticistic interest, because she is viewed as little more than that - windowpane dressing to seem pretty and make conflict between western united states and gordon. branagh, an esteemed shakespearean actor and managing director, adds fringy enjoyment to the picture show. but yet he is and then utterly weird and complete - the - top. seldom is a moving picture so lost in itself as raging wild west is. i suppose there ' sulphur forever one meleagris gallopavo of the summer season; a highly predict, bountiful - budget release that manages to altogether disappoint. fantastic wild west is such a movie, and will plausibly hold out down as unrivaled of the biggest disappointments of 1999. but it is extremely unlikely that this will go down in frustration at the loge office. perhaps after this, audiences will cost less ensure when they see will smith ' s gens stamped on a summer movie. after such hits as independency day and mib, hazardous wild rebecca west is non an telling accession to the resume. 