" tina! !! bring maine the ax! !! " a favourite book of mine called the golden turkey awards link the story that when mommie dear was unleashed upon unsuspecting audience back in 1981, paramount presently realised they had a problem on their hands. information technology wasn ' thymine just the film ' s let down box power performance. indeed, in the coming eld some people would be going back to regard it two, leash, still vi times. no, the independent trouble was that what be intended as a serious biopic of screen queen joan crawford be turning into the laugh thigh slapper of the year. in a desperate endeavour to capitalize on this unexpected turning of events, some publicity plug daydream up outrageous print advertisements call: " mommie dearest: the biggest mommie of them all! ". executives at paramount were scandalize and soon experience the ads withdrawn, but it be all too belated. mommie dearest be already cementing its place in bivouac cinema history. unluckily, faye dunaway ' s energetic, at times ludicrously over - the - top public presentation is astir the pic ' s only saving feature. based on girl christina crawford ' s trashy biography, mommie dearest chronicles a series of mainly private events in the animation of her moviestar female parent. if you believe this movie, information technology was a life be torment by obsession, lonliness, child abuse and rearing egomania. the film begins with crawford adopting two children, and concludes in the office staff of her lawyer where her straight off grown - up daughter and son regain out they have been left ko'd of their mother ' southward will. joan ever wanted her kids to cost able to stand for themselves, you see. only that ' s astir the lonesome ribbon in the narrative that manages to survive to the film ' s end. the script - laboured terminated by four writer, a bad signaling in itself - is a ill connected serial of sequence that builds little dramatic impulse. frank oliver hazard perry ' s direction is no more than than competent, and dunaway ' s bitchy communication channel aside, the dialogue is flat and uninvolving. in fairness, the film ' s second one half ditch some of the cartoon hysteric and does arise a degree empathy for its persona. when the grownup christina moves out of house into her own modest dwelling, joan visits and keep in touch, non helping her financially but encouraging christina ' s own acting and career ambitions. joan crawford do seem to deal about her girl, but you nates sense the emotional distance and feel some of their pain. you also set about glimpses of what the film could get be in the hands of better writers. ah, just there be dunaway ' s performance. and what a delicious piece of campery it often is. having just now be sacked by her studio apartment after a run of box spot duds, crawford storms home deep at nox and proceeds to go ballistic in the garden. she has the housemaid drag the nestling out of bed to come down and strip up the muckle she ' s making. spotting a young tree she doesn ' t corresponding the facial expression of, she turns to the trembling christina and utters the immortal wrinkle " tina!! fetch pine tree state the ax! ! " with which she proceeds to enthusiastically dismember the pitiful sapling. in the film ' sulphur to the highest degree outrageous scene, joan realises that some of her daughter ' s apparel are hanging on wire coating hangers. oh beloved! sound like the perfect apology for another temper tantrum, doesn ' t it? this prison term she give her girl a horrible trouncing while delivering another hellenic outburst: " no. .. conducting wire. .. hanger. .. . e'er! !! ! ". and later, when the board of her late husband ' s company pepsi cola cola endeavour to divest her of her directorship, she displays a superb grasp of business etiquette by jump to her feet and roaring: " don ' t fuck with maine, fellas! ! ". oh pleasure! something of a ingroup classic, then, simply if that ' s not you ' re cup of tea so mommie dearest doesn ' t hold too much to commend it. better you check the real crawford in the fair sex (1939 ), mildred pierce (1945) or whatever happened to mollycoddle jane (1962 ). great pic separate by great performances, and a far more eloquent will to this great woman than straight from the shoulder ralph barton perry ' randomness shrieking man of tabloid froth. 