by starring in amy heckerling ' s " clueless " two summers ago, alicia silverstone proved she wasn ' t just another middling, pouty ingenue, showing a perky comedic craftiness that blew all old jobs - - videlicet a stint as the aerosmith girl and a silly turn as the lethal lolita of " the crush " - - out of the water. her alone work since that 1995 precious stone give birth been in june ' s " batman & robin, " where she overcame the underwritten role of batgirl. straightaway, she ' s the star and producer of " supererogatory baggage, " a hopelessly phony film that demonstrate how an ill - composed story can drag an otherwise satisfying performer low to information technology level. silverstone ' s emily t. hope be stuck with a billionaire father god (jack thompson) who leave out her emotionally. in an freakish plan to gain his affection, she fakes her own kidnapping - - emily uses an electronically masked voice to shout her dad and set a pricey ransom, ties her legs together and oral fissure shut with duct tape and locks herself in the trunk of her bmw. but before the police force tin " rescue " her, professional auto thief vincent roche (benicio del toro) jimmies the locks, red hot - wires the engine and make off with both the cable car and emily, who ' s still ensnare in the back. when vincent discovers emily, the two don ' t exactly hit it off - - she annoys him, helium annoys her, and at the advice of his slimy car salesman partner (harry connick, jr. ), he decides to get her knocked out to the middle of nowhere and leave her in that location. along the way, of course of instruction, they get into a unharmed heap of trouble, and come to substantiate that be in concert is the only way to get stunned of their sticky, felony - studded situation. it doesn ' t help matters that emily and vincent are being trailed by cops, crooks and even her suspicious uncle ray (christopher walken ), who ' s wise to his niece ' s ploys for attention and has mafia connections. for at least a half - time of day, " redundant baggage " bounces along fast and efficiently. during this time, emily and vincent mutant employ personality as well as a squeamish function - reversal twist - - she ' s an awfully belligerent, combative victim and he ' s quite the aloof, apparently vulnerable captor. but once information technology ' s past its set - up, the state of affairs suddenly becomes uninvolving as the tale tries to follow too many things at at one time. a route movie, a teen comedy, a mob thriller, a play astir family family relationship - - you name the bromide and " excess baggage " probable covers it soil. of form a romance develops between the deuce leads, merely it all seems forced, and thus characterization be manipulated to cause the finally happy result. " do you similar my tummy? " emily coos to vincent at one point in the film. huh? practise i miss something? the hard - edged, foul - mouthed grrrl be suddenly gone and supervene upon with a pair of bat goo - goo eye. then once again, " excess luggage " becomes so weak in so many areas that the personality transplant be non a utter surprisal. a supporting cast attempts to do what they tin with colourful but empty lowly persona, but the motion picture show international relations and security network ' t secret plan enough to use them all and therefore seem overcrowded. motivation keep shift, resulting in an often perplexing narrative. scant exist story background put off subject even worse and tot up to the growing list of unreciprocated questions. " redundant baggage " has as well many characters, too much plot of ground and juggles with one arm behind its back and a remain shivering hired man. i loved silverstone ' s turning in " clueless " as an aloof, cosset beverly hills matchmaker inspired by jane jane austen ' sulphur " emma. " looking back at the skill she display for comedy there, information technology ' s simple to rationalize any high expected value oregon enthusiasm that i make mustered for " excess baggage. " deplorably, however, " extra luggage " live no " clueless. " but, on the early hand, it is clueless. 