any movie that kills emilio estevez off in the first fifteen minutes give birth something going for it. alas, this and the conversant theme music are the only worthwhile thing about mission impossible, target by brian depalma. the initiatory problem is that this film has dead no connectedness with the telecasting show whatsoever, apart from the music. the tv show make up about an unacceptable mission force whose deft teamwork, organize by jim phelps, appropriate them to counfound evil dictators of mythic banana tree republics from inflicting their sordid schemes upon the world. teamwork was the francis scott key. this celluloid is set improving as a cross between james bond and depalma ' s " nose candy out, " where the john travolta character reference was the victim of tangible and imagined conspiracies from all directions. information technology was travolta ' s vulnerability that make that film so exciting and claustrophobic. in this film, tom cruise equal basically omniscient (believe that?) and thus there ' s no fun kick the bucket on here whatsoever. the story be about as contrived as artificial gets, and is replete of holes. there are essentially ii memorable sequences: matchless regard breaking into a kubrickesque computer elbow room - - a task that could have been made much easier had the characters a whit of common sense (suffice it to say that the alarm system is disengaged when the computer operator is in the room ); the 2nd involves a high - speed train, a chopper, and the chunnel and does not have to be seen to be disbelieved. the thespian are all miscast, especially emannuelle beart as jim phelps wife, world health organization cannot enactment, and ving rhames as a electronic computer hacker (! ), who looks lost and embarrased to be in this movie. tom cruise is no james attachment, and jon voight looks more like bobby " the brain " heenan than jim phelps. brian depalma ' s career take in been bafflingly erratic. at his best, atomic number 2 beats hitchcock at his ain game (" bollix out, " " carrie, " " body double ") only this be not his good. the screenplay embody partially pen by robert towne, who wrote the good scenario of the seventy in " chinatown, " but this script follow pro forma at best, and terrrible at worst. the cinematography has a laughable holy writ red / blue emphasis, which is nice to attend at, but the suspense sequences are all telegraphed and this picture show yet features the old " grampus who talks too much before shooting so founder the dupe time to think of an escapism " trick. delight don ' t pass your money on this; it ' ll simply advance hollywood to have more. 