based on the novel adjust in 1914 by joseph conrad, victory spin a narrative of a couple of lover, heyst (william dafoe) and alma (irene francois jacob ), who seek recourse on heyst ' s isolated island. all the same, their idyllic humankind begins to break down upon the reaching of mr. jones (sam neil ), martin ricardo (rufus sewell) and their handmaiden, pedro (graziano marcelli ), who have come to steal heyst ' s rumoured booty. while the novel be largely complex in characterization, the film sadly transpose conrad ' s characters into lacklustre leads, the most unsatisfying being heyst himself. conrad ' s heyst cohere religiously to his recent father ' s ways of detachment and closing off. his ascetic lifestyle is thrown into question when he meets alma, a helpless orchestra little girl who charms him with her voice. the conflict to comprehend the arrival of alma into his purdah, nevertheless, is lost in home run peploe ' due south (director and author) diluted version of heyst. without properly establishing the important inside information of heyst ' s character, all that is left of conrad ' s main character is a very shallow handling of his internal dispute between insularism and human amour. on the one hired hand, actualizing the subtext is a gigantic task (though not impossible ), simply on the former hand, dafoe ' s flat acting cannot exist excused as an endeavor at stoicism. in the end, we are supposed to find heyst renounce his philosophy and finally come to an intellect of what it is to love another. the last transformation, while detectable, lacks the evacuant revelation which is undeniable in conrad ' s novel. it absence in the film be unforgivable. the film seems more implicated astir moving the plot along when so often has even to be said astir the relationship between the two consummate strangers. alma is supposed to have overcome great excited barrier in the relationship, namely heyst ' s underlying philosophy of separation, which heyst himself grapples with. the battle against heyst ' s ignorance of true human participation accounts for much of the greatness of alma ' s love for him. francois jacob, clean - scrape, gentle and yet passionate, handles the role with precision, detailing subtlety where potential. alas, she is let down by a superficial script. the match ' siemens relationship develops overly hastily, pass on all shade effaced and replaced with a blatant show - and - tell approach. all we know of the characters equal largely explain by their lines alone. this is unsatisfactory when so much of the upheaval experience by the two stem from their bury thoughts and emotion. the sketchy handling of their kinship stands out every bit sorely as dafoe ' s american stress (an inappropriate one since heyst spent most of his life in london ). the former characters such as schomberg (jean yanne ), the owner of a hotel, and mr mary harris jones (sam neill ), also fall short of teodor josef konrad korzeniowski ' s meticulous characterisation. while schomberg should have been more menacing and vindictive, mr john luther jones should have been present as something more of an enigma. sam neil ' s imitation of a slightly stout, effeminate and soft - spoken gentleman - at - tumid nullifies the effect intended by conrad world health organization describes mr jones as " an insolent spectre on leave from netherworld, invest with skin and bones and a subtle power of terror ". misfortunate characterization aside, kudos goes to rufus sewell for his splendid portrayal of ricardo, secretary to mr mary harris jones, a rash ruffian capable of murder. sewell, with his cockney accent and large expressive green eyes, becomes the dependable terror of the unholy trinity, direct ambidextrous plans behind jones ' backrest. at the same time, we are harbour by the foolhardiness of his architectural plan. despite the reliable setting and wonderful filming by giordano bruno de keyzer, very few range are leave behind for u to savour after the film has ended. sourabaya and its surrounding island and vent may get their appealingness, but bastardly nothing erstwhile the film fails to capture the essence of an epic, which is what triumph deserves to equal. the delicately inter - woven complexity in the passion story are lose to an unequal production. at the death of the film, we cost told that perhaps alma ' s triumph follow in teach heyst how to love. a hollow triumph indeed. the flying ink bottle ' s military rating system: * wait for the telecasting. * * a small creaky, but still better than staying at home with gotcha! * * * passably good, land a acquaintance. * * * * amazing, strong stuff. * * * * * beau ideal. see information technology twice. 