so i pass and saw this motion picture right, it was called " battlefield: earth ", i be never matter to in the previews, and never too awfully interested in the quran, nor do i find scientology interesting, but after take advanced reviews of how bad this film really be, i had that weird urge just to watch it. well let me constitute the first to order, and so far in my view information technology ' s secure to aver: battleground: earth might be the defective moving picture show i have ever seen, yes even worse than " mr. magoo ", " blue in the face ", or " jaws: the retaliation ". roger christianson whos credits include set direction, and art direction for such great films as " alien " and " star wars ", directs this film with such amateurism, that the film looks and spirit and in fact sounds so dumb, that information technology ' s quite depress. the look of the film, is dark and drabby at clip, but and then bright and happy at early times. the sound comprise unspeakable, and have the worst surround strait effects i ' ve heard. the playing represent aught, the dialogue wretched, and the make - up effect hideous. hither ' s the thusly - hollo plot: earth 3000. .. . man be a endangered coinage, while aliens from the satellite psychlo (the aliens are named psychlo. .. single wonder why? !) make up invading earth, destined to put an end to those " man - animals " to an end, and destroy earth once and for all, of course we make our typical hero (played terrible by barry pepper, world health organization was big in a small role in 1999 ' s " the green mile ") world health organization is destined to go verboten, and save his planet! one thing: atomic number 2 make to go up against, terl, the chief of surety psychlo, who is played candidly, quite forged by john travolta, whom with dreadlock, a big capitulum, and green eyes just doesn ' t work. of course the sidekick to terl, live played by (lol! ! ) forest whitaker, who look like a deformed werewolf of some form. our friendly human rebel (barry pepper) looks just as bad as well, with tenacious scraggly hairsbreadth. i ' yard not really sure how to quite explicate the badness of this film, except scarcely to say information technology ' s terrible. everything in this film is imcomprehinsable, from the make - up effects, which by the means aren ' t honorable, to the phony looking extra effect, everything in this film be blame. in fact i don ' t think of unity portion in this total film where 1 was having a good time, or enjoying myself. in fact there is no part in the motion picture show that atomic number 53 like or enjoyed. throughout the integral 127 minute run fourth dimension, i follow dying, always looking at my watch, and hoping maybe the projectioner would blow a bulb or something, unhappily it didn ' t. my advice to hollywood: go new scripts, new acting form, better directors and damnit, puddle films similar american beauty more. 