the swooping shots across darkened rooftop suggest a very tim burton picture show, but, regrettably, no caped reformer descends to save * this * film. rather, it ' s a wasted housemaid (julia roberts) who mustiness bear attestant to this unfortunate retelling of " dr. jekyll and mr.. hyde. " for a few, fleeting, maddening moments, director stephen frears (life threatening liaison) get everything just right - - the tone, the colour, the fictional character; entirely the ingredients to arrive at a most - knock down potion out of valerie martin ' s best - marketing novel. until now it peter out excessively quickly; the volatile mixture lose potency from the very world class scene. casting live a large part of the trouble. the tale all but collap - s around ms. roberts - - she doesn ' thyroxin have the range for this kind of drama. her accent also comes and buy the farm, though it ' s nowhere nearly every bit glaring as the total lack of chemistry between her and co - champion st. john the apostle malkovich. ( helium looks the same in both of his roles - - an unbelievable fact that ' siemens omit by everyone in the story! ) the very british supporting cast - - include michael gambon and george cole - - give believability to the minor parts. john glenn close also appear as a madam that the good dr. calls upon. her performance is as closemouthed to intentional camp as the movie always have and - - as a bonus - - offer a likely peep at her upcoming cruella de ville in the springy - action 101 dalmantions. the large botch in mary reilly is suspense: there is none. no threat, no tension; cipher. without any weight, mentality, or wonder to propel the history, the viewer is left with little more to do than give attention to the period detail, a few buckets of blood, and stuart craig ' s fabulously dreary product design. all of which gets sometime after about an hr, at which point i recommend leaving. ( the tempo in the second - half be peculiarly abominable. if you * make out * stick information technology through, your sole reward is a half - hokey limited core draw the infamous transformation. ) mr. frears reportedly recut his film respective fourth dimension, missing several release dates in the physical process. ( obviously, no ace advise him to throw up his hand and just turn the solid blamed matter over to mel brooks. blucher! ) mary reilly is the second robert joe louis adlai stevenson narration of the calendar month, after muppet treasure island. peradventure mr. frears should consult with brian henson on future labor. i daresay that even ms. shoat is a undecomposed choice for a certain roles than julia robert. and she perform have a great chop! 