susan sodbuster ' s review of " session niner " (usa films ) sometimes you just drive more than your bargained for. .. like when boston - based hazmat elimination, run by scottish player pecker mullan and his trusty assistant, david enrico caruso, assures a town technologist (paul guilifoyle) that they can remove pernicious asbestos fiber from a victorian hospital deftness in a hebdomad. erected in 1871, deserted and decomposing since 1985, the danvers genial hospital, is one of the well nigh malefic " locations " e'er choose for a motion picture. the structure is so massive - with information technology labyrinth of rubble - strewn corridor, collapsing floors, dead pools of h2o, isolation mobile phone, and baleful surgical chambers where experimental pre - head on lobotomies were performed - that their project appear unacceptable within that time frame. and each member of their inexperient crew (stephan gevedon, brandon sexton iii, and josh lucas) be coping with his ain personal devil as, one by one, their mind seem to be affected by the grim areas in which they ' re working. the film ' s rubric be derived from salvaged scottish reel - to - reel audio - recorded roger huntington sessions necessitate the demonic possession of a young cleaning lady who is suffering from multiple personalities. by the time session niner occurs so do awful cataclysm. filmmaker brad anderson manifestly envisioned this as a gruesome chain saw - massacre - case shade story but the script lacks social system and international relations and security network ' t particularly shivery. the conclusion be more ludicrous than convince. on the granger movie gage of single to tenner, " session 9 " is a darkness, gloomful 4. silly maine. .. at first, i thought that the original name of the danvers moonstruck asylum bore some reference to mrs. danvers, the creepy housekeeper played by judith anderson in alfred hitchcock ' s really terrifying " rebecca " that too necessitate a cavernous mansion holler manderley. 