after a marketing mop up of striking visuals and the promise of star caliber actors, charge to mars terminate upwards throwing a whiffleball. fiercely unoriginal, director depalma cobble in concert a photographic film by borrow to a great extent from what has gone before him. there are unknown similar to those in close confrontation of the third form. the stranded astronaut theme be evocative of robinson crusoe on mars. the astronauts encounter space flight of stairs difficulties that smooch of apollo 13. interior spacecraft visuals be redolent of 2001: a quad odyssey. instead of using these components as a launching pad to create his ain movie, de palma stops right there, turn down to infuse the film with anything yet remotely resemble cleverness surgery nub. mission to mars takes it ' s first wobbly step at a pre - launch barbecue in which the perfunctory character introductions be done. during these surface scan of the characters, we instruct that jim mcconnell (sinise) have lost his wife. information technology ' s a secret plan point revisted throughout the film with jackhammer subtlety. the rest of the bunch display a bland affability. there is no quarrelsomeness, no rubbing to add the the dramatic tenseness of these humans and cleaning woman being confined to close quarter for an extended length of clock time. maybe depalma be go for the comraderie of the right hand stuff, only in that movie, the astronauts deliver coal of personality to warm the states through the technical panorama. it ' s the year 2020 and this be nasa ' s foremost manned expedition to the red planet. a crew, led by luke martha graham (cheadle ), get in on defect and quickly discovers an anomalousness, which they investigate with tragic upshot. graham is able to transfer a illogical distress call back to earth. in reply, terra firma sends a saving team comprise of mcconnell, woody blake (jerome robbins ), married woman terri fisher (nielsen) and phil ohlmyer (o ' connell ). obstacle be set in the crowd ' s manner and and they matter - of - factly go about solving them. i should say, mcconnell endure about solve them. time and again, mcconnell is presented as some kind of wunderkind, which wouldn ' t be then bad if the rest of the crew didn ' t get across as hence aggressivelly workaday. ( cite should comprise made of the misogynistic handling of fisher in a situation where the entire gang ' s commission and sprightliness be in mortal danger. on a team of professionals, she represent portrayed as an emotion directed weak inter group communication. womanhood wait on no aim in the movie early than to serve as a reflection of a male character ' s personality trait. ) by the time they land on mars and try to resolve the mystery story of what occurred, mission to mars commence laying on the cliches and stilted negotiation with a gravid copse. there be an adage in film to " display, don ' t william tell. " missionary post to mars does both. repeatedly. characters obsessively excuse the obvious, explain their action at law as they are doing them, explain to fellow astronauts fact which should be fundamental cognition to them. the picture ' s conclusion is momumentally derivative, anti - climatic and unsatisying. as atomic number 53 walked out i wondered world health organization the fair game audience might be for this film. the beneficial i could come up with is pre - teen long time boys, but in this media saturate earned run average, this film ' s components would have been honest to goodness hat yet for them. single have to think what attracted such gift to this film was the lure of making a salutary, forward looking day b - moving picture show. the key to such a venture live a certain depth and serious mindedness towards the material. i felt no such earnestness. 