1 wonder if budget is at wholly a criterion for whether operating theatre not a movie can equal considered an exploitation flick. hold the professional, for example. information technology boast extremely glossy cinematography, a couple of recognizable gens actors, and a couple of jolly impressive explosions. information technology ' randomness besides basically about furiousness and cheap titilation, and features a primal relationship between a midway - aged man and a dozen - class - old female child with a decidedly ambiguous sexual dimension. the professional is all over the mapping, and its pretensions of being astir anything more than than its most unpleasant elements simply make it completely the more unpleasant. the professional of the form of address is a newfangled york smash man named leon (jean reno ), brutally effective but likewise very isolated. one day he is force to let someone into his life when a young woman from his apartment building knocks on his threshold. her name be matilda (natalie portman ), and the rest of her menage has just be kill by crooked and very pumped up d. e. a. federal agent norman stansfield (gary oldman) after matilda ' siemens father prove to rip him off. leon reluctantly takes matilda in, so begins to teach her his profession when she says that she want to avenge the slaying of her immature brother. the ii become finisher, which stool them completely the more vulnerable when stansfield learns that they know also much, and set out to eliminate them both. writer / director luc besson have gone this route before with his democratic gallic import atomic number 57 femme nikita, a slick potboiler about a female assassin. there is no question that besson potty make a great * looking * moving picture; with the assistance of cinematographer thierry arbogast, helium has create a film wedge wide cut of helen wills moody close - ups and redolent lighting. simply beneath the shiny wrapper, there isn ' t nearly equally much run on as besson would like us to believe. the kinship between leon and matilda never clicks because neither one equal given a quality to develop. leon is mostly a collection of quirky traits, all intended to show us that for a hired killer, atomic number 2 ' s really not therefore bad a guy: he drink in lots of milk, takes meticulous concern of a potted industrial plant, and enjoys gene kelly movies. jean reno succeeds at give leon a ghost and desperate quality, but he never makes an emotional connection to matilda. natalie portman live all incorrect for a part that called for a practically grittier quality, but she doesn ' t experience to a fault much to work with, either. besson would have been well served spending more time trying to bring his fiber to life, and less on nerveless attack at humor which be much embarrassing. a silly secret plan between leon and matilda involve celebrity impersonations is all out of home, as is a scene where matilda shocks a hotel manager by announcing that leon is her lover; character is thoroughly sacrificed for a cheap gag. gary oldman ' s intact section is something of a inexpensive gag, wild - eyed and elbow room over the top, merely at least atomic number 2 is interesting to watch. on that point international relations and security network ' t a real person to live found anywhere in the professional, which isn ' t always a problem in an action thriller, except that this one is adjudicate to excrete itself away as something more. a to a greater extent upsetting problem with the professional is that information technology plays around with the sexuality of a xii - year - old in a in truth revolting way. there were only two real choices for parcel out with that component of leon and matilda ' s family relationship: confront information technology direct on, or dismiss information technology entirely. but besson flirts and teases the hearing with the idea that he ' s going to prove them a forbidden love story, while prefer simply to focus his photographic camera on portman ' s rear end and dress her in skimpy clothing. this exist to say cipher of the questionable conclusion to make it seem like lineament paternal sentence when leon is teaching a nipper to load a 9mm pistol, or the blood which embody spilled aplenty. a majuscule deal of the clip, the professional is just sheer sleazy, and all the flaccid filter in the earthly concern tail end ' t camouflage that fact. 