for a picture show touted as exploring relationships and black gender, trois is surprisingly tame. despite it ' s shocking subject matter and it ' s pass nod to fatal attraction, information technology moves on with flat, uninspired dialogue as it sets up a surprising climax that tries mightily to overthrow the considerable numb weight of the rest of the film. freshly moved to atlanta, jermaine (dourdan) and his wife, jasmine (moore ), experience the caparison of a gross living. they accept a beautiful house in suburban area. jermaine be a attorney on the fast track at his firm. jasmine is his supportive wife, who be finishing up her college level. in an opening montage via a home video of the pair, we come across the unremarkable floor of their marriage and early matrimonial triumphs. this is a couple that has information technology all. into this eden slithers the bait of lust. despite his outward bound appearance, jermaine reveals himself as selfish and grasping of his wife to a greater extent as a possession than a mortal. a glimmer of his true nature peeks out during an early sex activity scenery with his wife as helium goes astir his job, forgetful to jasmine ' s concerns. we likewise find out that he has been relentlessly asking jasmine to participate in a menage - a - trois, very much to jasmine ' s disheartenment. as jermaine puts it, " don ' t you need to be sexually loose? " jermaine plowshare his desire with co - worker terrence (john smith ), who obligingly sets jermaine up with a charwoman world health organization might comprise interested in simply such an coming upon. the adult female, hussy (palmer) is a direct counterpoint to jasmine. nag, at one point was a college bookman, too. different jasmine, she found herself pregnant, cast off stunned of school and now struggles to make ends meet. to further reinforce their dispute, information technology ' s divulge that adulteress is involved in a hold engagement over her son. inescapably, through liquor and a touch of duplicity on jermaine ' s part, the proscribed act follow consummate. the aftermath of the encounter parry into fatal attraction territory as human action of violence are pull upon jermaine ' s attribute with the hint that the violence may step up. by this item, trois shows itself to be a soap opera house without the required melodrama: a fatal attraction without the social significance. the exploration of relationships be strictly trivial and stereotypical. jermaine comes off as insincere, sexually aim and selfish. jasmine constitute bland and subservient. jade come off a bit sympathetically, but that is negated by her moral failure. however another tale of a sexually strong growing " dog " of a man world health organization imposes his will upon his accommodating, sinless married person. the concluding 10 minute volition undoubtly throw you a curve, but by this item, will you even handle? if the rest of the movie was as dynamic as the stop, perhaps there could take follow some crust to it. as it place upright, trois is pretty standard transportation. 