here ' s a low density: a nestling ' s flick that attempts to tackle a weighty subject, be there a god? practice well, it could have been a gem among the wasteland of modern fry ' due south cinema. unfortunately, information technology isn ' t. with jumbled substance, and an unclear interview, wide awake was well left asleep. 5th grader joshua beal (joseph cross) is in the middle of a moral crisis. his beloved grandpa (robert loggia) has died, and josue have begun a pursuit. atomic number 2 want to find god, to discover why bad things fall out. this religious quest be slightly disturbing for his parents (dana delany and denis tim leary ), merely they perform their best to deal with their son as he explore different religious faiths. at his catholic schooltime, his favorite instructor, sister terry (rosie o ' donnell ), attempt to give him guidance, merely this is a journey he must induce on his own. in the meantime, he be having the most momentous year of his life. atomic number 2 has respective dangerous undertaking with his daredevil good acquaintance dave (timothy reifsnyder ), helium gets his first press, and begins to wake up to the world around him while helium is on his spiritual journeying. information technology is somewhat confusing as to what the real audience for wide awake be expected to represent. on its surface, it come along to constitute a nipper ' s moving picture show. all the same, information technology deals with serious issues, and is likely to be boring for today ' s instantaneous - gratification kids. and while information technology might seem heartening to see that someone is trying to make something thoughtful for the kidvid consultation, wide awake asks serious dubiousness, simply only when deliver a cheap widget for an answer. if there cost a bit more meat in the story, adults on a nostalgic knack might get a kicking out of the flick. the actors who power receive created a great plaster cast (o ' donnell, leary and delany) are macerate in roles that amount to little more than cameos. the nostalgic elements (best friend, favored instructor, initiative jam, etc.) have been done much better in other movies, and in reality seem more than like makeweight here. the plastic film ' s potent scenes are some advert flashbacks depict joshua ' s relationship with his grandfather. they show to a greater extent depth than is present anywhere else in the movie. maybe the flick would have been good if, alternatively of playing the relationship through flashback, it represent dress entirely during joshua ' s concluding year with his grandpa. it for certain would have been more entertaining. wide awake nates best be discover as a failed experiment. it starts out with imposing aspiration, but never delivers on it promise. parent who do withdraw their children to see this unmatched ought to be prepared to answer some tough query. .. that is if their kids aren ' t bore to death foremost. 