the art of woo attempts to be one of those films like breakfast at louis comfort tiffany ' siemens in which the interview make up rooting for some scented, vulnerable, irresistible adult female to bring out her problems and to find happiness. the problem cost that helen lee who writes and directs seems to have write alessa woo (played by sook - yin robert edward lee) as neither honeyed nor vulnerable and she is rather resistible. alessa represent a young woman world health organization happens to be a brilliant art trader in the toronto art scene. this make up some sort of alternate domain art scene where masses pay tens of g of dollars for paintings by gifted beginners and dealers in these paintings fly backwards and forth to places like suisse. unmatchable of the well nigh knowledgeable of the art dealers is alessa. she also happen to be the essence of adulation of her friends and every company have suitors camped extraneous her window. adjacent door to alessa movement struggling genius artist and aboriginal american ben crowchild (adam beach ). he sees that behind the frontage that in that respect is really a sad piddling girl within alessa who really will not be happy with the rich artwork gatherer she be see. ben have emotionally involved with alessa. ( as alessa therefore delicately puts information technology, " we were bosom brother, now we ' re piece of tail buddies. " ) simply alessa bequeath have to decide whether she wants love with ben operating room wealth with her rich suitor. the material problem with the film seems to constitute helen downwind ' s inability to decide what she wants to cost saying. she undercuts nearly everything she wants us to believe about alessa. alessa is look for financial security but she make decision about big pith of money for her clients. this appears to be a gamy visibility and comfortably - paid job. we be supposed to care about alessa ' s feeling, but she coldly refuse to visit her own ailing father. alessa cannot be portrayed as dessert and vulnerable if at an artistic creation auction bridge she sour into our man flint. this be a charmless romantic comedy that bets everything information technology has on the appeal of its primary character and comes improving double - goose egg. i pace it a three on the 0 to 10 scale and a - 1 on the - quadruplet to + 4 scale. 