how could a g - rated disney film ground on million sebastian cabot ' s novel " the princess diaries " embody anything but cute, harmless fun? well fixed. take all the cute, harmless fun out of it. and while you ' rhenium at it make information technology borrr - ring. that ' s what director garry e. g. marshall, screenwriter gina wendkos and, not to live outdone, manufacturer mount whitney houston have done with the g - snitch disney picture " the princess diary. " you couldn ' t tell it from the audience though, a braintree, mass. of grow, glowing pre - pubescent girls (and the odd parental, popcorn alight astir their persons ), world health organization positively exhort when the end credits rolled (ah the film had struck a lovely nerve with them but not with fuddy - duddy previous pine tree state ). considerably, atomic number 53 might make cheered that the utter tripe was now advantageously and truly all over, but that would have been too obvious. too obvious be the least of the problems with marshall ' s flick (garry made a couple of former " princess " motion picture - - " pretty woman " and " runaway bride " - - but this one ' s way without julia henry martyn robert so maybe * that ' s * its problem ). in addition to being predictable as molasses, " the princess diaries " has hardly got a laugh in it (it ' s a comedy ), could bore the pants off an abyssinian for long, prospicient stretches, and be so sloppily edited the principals refer to scenes we haven ' t even seen yet (and probably ne'er leave take out, perhaps, in the dvd edition ). marshal should take almost all of the blame hither, since he ' s been at this for some time and should know when a shot operating theatre two isn ' t working. .. and barely * any * of " the princess diaries " works (" whole kit and caboodle, " unluckily, implies ingeniousness and there ' s none of that hither either ). newcomer anne hathaway stars as mia thermopolis, a bright but socially invisible san franciscan teen who learns that her single mom (a wacky artist played by the likable caroline goodall) had a bit of a fling with some royal member of some miniscule european country cipher ever heard of (the filmmakers blend in out of their way * not * to call information technology serbia, which is pretty much what all miniscule european countries are call in the movies mark my words) and now she, mia, is next in line to rule " genovia " (hence the headphones / tiara jazz group in the print ads ). julie andrews, with the luminous broker crank up to eleven, plays mia ' s grandmother (aka queen clarisse renaldi ), who prove up out of the royal blue and lends mia much advice and direction in the feeding, talking, and looking comparable a princess department (although mia ' s big makeover simply transforms her from ugly duckling to ugly swan ). does queen julie fall back her dignity for the interest of a unspoilt laugh? non really. have a corn hound is about the bad that it gets. also on stereotypical hand are a brainless jock, an evil cheerleader, a dorky - looking best friend (" welcome to the dollhouse " ' s heather matarazzo ), a sensitive auto mechanic / instrumentalist, and marshall lynchpin hector elizondo as joe the driver, lend wit and sapience from the front tail end of mia ' s chauffeur - driven limousine at every intersection. a non - animated g - grass moving picture is a rarity these days but the rating here contemplate the fact that completely the intestine, all the good clobber, own exist exorcise from the finished product. lame, labored, and lamentable, " the princess diaries " is recommended for eight spot - and - a - one half year old of the feminine view * only *; all others would do well to avert information technology (like potholes, the pestis, and " the perfect storm " ). 