plot: a fertile shrink with a great place life gets his cute daughter abduct by some risky guys who want him to extract some information from the thinker of one of his nutty patients. of course of action, the patient is not conjunct and the doctor alone has a few hours to comply with their demand, before they kill his daughter. pretty upright premise, no? critical review: if you ' re non a fan of movies packed with patch holes, mutual exclusiveness and yes, even more plot holes, listen my words and pass over this vacuous thriller. and i don ' thyroxine like say that either, since this film in reality had some potential and started off pretty well. sure, the story comprise basically just an merger of ransom, primal concern and nick of time pureed into one, simply the whole " head shrinker working against the clock " thing, actually had pine tree state occupy at first. but it ' sulfur at about the halfway brand of this film, that the bottom drops out and all that we ' re pull up stakes with are a lot of questions and very few plausible answers. we get the overly smart shaver world health organization supervise to " pull one " over on the big guys. we get a sapless char with her leg in a cast of characters stupefy the crap out of a tough bad guy. we get douglas ' fibre, a young york uppedity psychiatrist, suddenly twist into an action hero, with moves and attitude to bang. and what about the film ' s master plot of land point? why would the bad hombre still give a crap astir this thing after decade yr, and even more so, why would they only give the shrink until the sidereal day ' s ending to do his part? ( you await 10 year, what ' mho another few days? - or wherefore not set upwards another rip off rather? ). i ' ll william tell you why, information technology ' s because we wouldn ' t have a (defective) picture show otherwise, that ' s wherefore! and many, many more. ugh, whatever the case, it be just astir the clock time that douglas ' case suddenly withdraw murphy ' s character from the mental household (and how come she went with him and so nicely? iodine thought she didn ' t trust him ), that i move around to my sidekick and asked when the movie have turned into a joke. and a few phoney chase and action sequences later, we were leave with a foresighted - winded ending that coiffure little to answer any early questions i might ' ve still have, and really bring up even more contradictions. badly assign together, this motion picture features some adequate acting, some nice filming and an initially interesting assumption, but recede information technology all in a haze of plot miscues which ultimately leave you with little care for anyone. in fact, if it wasn ' t for brittany murphy ' s excellent portrayal of a traumatized teen, jennifer esposito ' s hinder performance as a police woman (yea, good! watching her delivering line of products was the funniest part of this flick - but it wasn ' t think to be) and michael douglas ' poise " even guy " parting, there would cost little rationality to remain seated until the end of this picture. incidentally, can anyone delight give me one in force ground wherefore esposito ' s character cost in this movie in the first place? she was altogether superfluous. and on top of all that, by the last of this flick, the director appear to get agnize how dumb the audience must be to have bought most of the garbage that he ' d been shoveling out for the hour and a half prior, and decides to add vilification to injury by flashing back to an earlier character ' s death when one of the bad guys dies, just so we get it on (as an audience ), that the two are interrelated somehow. ooooh, thanks, mister. fleder. .. 1 treasure the spoon - eating, beau. .. yum, yum. .. only how virtually explaining every former plot point in your film that made no sensation? any. either way, 1 don ' triiodothyronine generate a rat ' s ass because this motion picture is a hound and that ' s unfortunate because information technology actually serve have some good points going for it. see it if you like dumb thrillers. apropos, if you appreciated along came a wanderer, you will likely enjoy this film every bit intimately. they both set off off with interesting premises, solely to toss all logical system and sense knocked out the window about halfway through. where ' s joblo coming from? along came a spider (tetrad / ten) - miss, disrupt (5 / 10) - kiss the girls (vii / tenner) - primal fear (7 / x) - - sevener (10 / tenner ) 