dr dolittle (20th century fox) run time: 1 60 minutes 25 minutes star eddie spud maneuver by betty thomas riding high on the success of the nutty professor (1996 ), white potato returns in this abysmal clowning. helium plays doctor john dolittle, world health organization as a child had the ability to understand animals. however, after being ' exorcised ' he loses this ability, and we fast forward to see dolittle in a chintzy task surrounding by crummy masses (most notably dr mark weller, play by oliver platt. ) however, with a bonk on the head his power to sympathize animals returns, and ' comedy ' be ready and waiting to chance. except comedy never does pass. doctor dolittle, even with the excellent premiss, rarely handle to raise a laugh. poor old murphy looks bored stiff throughout the whole motion picture show, and his performance suffers. the manic murphy we saw in the 80 ' s make up start, his more mature (and more boring) twin falls appears to live getting all the body of work in the 90 ' reciprocal ohm. the voices of the animals, which include albert brooks, chris rock (the ' new ' eddie potato) and norm mcdonald as ' lucky ' the dog represent marginally better, and at least they put ebullience in the movie. deplorably, most of their lines are reasonably dumb. and they ' re not ' funny ' dumb, similar dull & dumber (1994 ), but scarcely boring dumb. the pic even succumbs to fart caper halfway through, in a do or die endeavour to elevate some laughs. there are a few good antic in the script, simply they are few and far between. if i had to choose a favourite execution, information technology would likely exist albert brooks tiger, who has a certain charm astir him. sadly, he ' s barely in the motion picture, and john rock ' s rattling annoying hamster is given far excessively much screen time. joke wise, we are thankfully, part with the mocking and insulting case of jocularity that featured heavily in the nutty prof. the director, betty lowell jackson thomas, has, well, done well picture show. she buy u.s. private parts (1997) and the brady bunch movie (1995) which be, sadly, much just than this. the scenery lack any charm, she scarcely get the job done. the animal themselves, be reasonable naturalistic, although most of them are obviously puppets. at that place ' s an impressive looking panthera tigris, however, and the rim sync is moderately good. you ' d give no problem opine that most of the close up ' s are puppets, however, with their spurned movement. iodine cost trust jim hensons workshop, who created the furry champion, would have done a better job. doctor dolittle, in the last, is a disappointment for everyone involve. murphy have done a great deal better picture show (i. e trading places) the director has seen well mean solar day, and yet the fauna aren ' t that good. the target consultation, aged between 7 - 13, who are undemanding, bequeath credibly like information technology however, thanks to information technology ' s dumbed down humour. everyone else, however, should move over doctor dolittle a miss. 