if anyone had be able in 1983 to forsee a late - night cable's length show hosted by gilbert gottfried showcasing some of the worst films of the 80 ' s, they ' d agree d. snow. cab is the quintessential " usa up all nite " motion picture. it ' s one of those infantile r - rated moving picture that thomas kid would be intimate but can ' t watch until it ' s edited for tv. information technology ' s also one of those pointless, almost plotless pic with hardly any laughs. and, strike three, it couple mister. t with gary busey. one heard gilbert tell d. coulomb. taxi get " an all - star cast, " but 1 ' m still hoping there was some grade of facetiousness in that statement. when third - charge go to a 2 - minute of arc coming into court by far famed flashdancer irene cara " as herself, " you can ' metric ton say a damn thing about all - star casts. likewise for token appearance by marsha " roz " warfield, paul rodriguez and " politically incorrect " host card maher, before helium was mortal. appearing in d. 100. taxi pretty much receive the opposite result on everyone else, especially irene " atomic number 53 ' m gonna live forever " cara. d. c. taxicab is an ensemble funniness from joel schumacher (who would go on to verbatim batman forever and a day) about a bunch of misfits world health organization drive cabs. you get the feeling if the police academy cadets had made a different career choice, this would be the result, except here you have such interesting characters as the " token white guy " (busey) who wants to get in tight with the blacks now before they take over the world, the token jive talker named tyrone (charlie barnett) who wears his hair in rollers and uses the word " honky " as much as potential, the tough guy with the mohawk and amber chains (mr. t - - a real stretch for him ), the aspiring musician waiting for his bounteous break (maher ), the mexican gigolo (rodriguez ), the woman who actually wants to drive cabs for a aliveness (warfield) and the cat world health organization wants to own a cabriolet company for a living (adam 1st earl baldwin of bewdley ). we ' ve all seen dozens of bad comedies from the 80 ' sulfur. some are fun to watch and some are actually shady. this one live to a greater extent or less neither. you ' 500 think plenty of comedic sparks would vanish from the assemblage of endowment (whatever ), but d. c. cab more or less falls flat on a continual ground, culminate in the common contrived hollywood finish as baldwin is kidnapped and the other cabbies have to go to rescue him. it ' s a shame no one was able to deliver this movie from the depth of stale jokes and unoriginality. cholecalciferol. c. hack has rightly earned its posture on " usa up all nite. " 