everybody in this moving picture show ' s thought of alicia. no, this exist not a docudrama on those of atomic number 92 after we first come across the " cryin ' " video. this live one of those erotic thrillers, but non like ace asterisk shannon whirry or claude elwood shannon tweed. first off, there ' siemens zero sex, almost no nudeness, and it ' s non equally well - plotted as one of those tweed picture. comfortably, anyway. the " plot of land. " alicia plays, well, the babysitter, who constitute taking attention of some shaver nonpareil night while the parent (j. t. walsh and downwind garlington) go out to a party. the photographic film, trying to be like one of those introspective titillating thriller, shows every characters ' thought, except alicia ' south. the thing is alicia ' s in most of them in most cases, and the thought aren ' metric ton likewise kosher. first off, there ' s her boyfriend (jeremy london, who gave one of the all - time lousy performances in " mallrats, " and is only a nick better hither ), world health organization ' s a dorky kid who hangs out with a kind of bully, played by nicky katt from " suburbia " (who shows he ' s got that smooth creepiness down rap once again ). they decide they want to barge in her babysitting job, looking for the typical baby sitting hanky - panky. somethine like that. the photographic film intercuts between the subplots (alicia babysitting, nicky and jeremy, the political party) and each characters ' thoughts. we get to see jeremy and nicky ' s dreams of make a little threeway with alicia, j. t. thinking of issue forth home base to find alicia naked in the bathtub (she has information technology all cover upward, the little tease ), and, worst of all, downwind garlington dreaming of that hunk, george segal. it even exhibit them in bottom together. yea. atomic number 53 so want to see george and lee garlington in bed, though 1 guess i ' thousand used to george after seeing her and mary john tyler moore fooling about in " flirting with catastrophe. " the cease be some kind of big tragedy thing, but come on. like we care about any of the characters. the sole interesting one is alicia, principally because she ' s alicia, and we mostly see her in the fancy. so i guess she ' s some sort of mystery or something. but she is ne'er explored further. so, essentially, this photographic film is just a series of mastabatory images, sometimes featuring a non - nude alicia (once once more, sadly ), sometimes feature a scantily - clad george segal (once once more, lamentably ). i watched this on one of those detached preview of showtime or cinemax one night, and let me separate you, it personify the sole way to watch over this film. i intend, in that respect ' s a reason they put these kind of films on recent at night: they ' re just as good as kip pills. and this one is one big fatty dissipation of time, yet for an alicia cinema. 