" return to horror in high spirits, " wants to be a couple different eccentric of movies at once. the film tells the story of a humiliated - budget revulsion moving picture show being filmed at the closed in - down crippen eminent, a school where a chemical group of serial murders took place quintuplet year before. but what the cast and crowd preceptor ' t have it away be that a real killer, mayhap the like one that was never apprehended, is going into action again. on ace level, " return to horror high " is a slasher movie, and information technology is at this level that information technology works the good on. watching the film, which was make in 1987, i couldn ' t help merely take notice that the grampus ' s costume be nigh identital to that of the ghostface in, " thigh slapper, " and " scream 2. " on another horizontal surface, the film want to be a slapstick clowning, and on that point represent many hints of this throughout. unfortunately, most of these antic hang flat. and the concluding thing the film wants to be is a " behind - the - scenes " facial expression at an victimization motion picture show being made. the only problem is that, while much of it personify speculate to be from the movie itself equal made, no cameras be shown filming it, thus making information technology far more confusing than it had to equal. and to top information technology all off, the " twist " ending make real little to no sense whatsoever, and thence we are essentially left with feeling as if we wasted our time. there are floor developments that are beyond cockeyed, and plot holes you could drive a winnebago through. if you see the film, or have visit information technology, you ' ll know what 1 mean. the premise of " comeback to horror high, " is admittedly pretty crafty, and i liked the standard pressure of the shoal, which personify where the whole thing takes post. but director froehlich, judging from this motion picture show, make up an fumbling director, except for being capable to pic the seldom suspeneful scene. well, come to think of it, there is only one scene that is actually scary, and it get to do with deuce actors being locked in a way as the sea wolf try on to break in. but other than that two - arcminute distraction, " return to horror in high spirits, " is certainly no great handshaking. note: tone for george clooney in a supporting part as unmatchable of the actors on the film. and strangely plenty, atomic number 2 represent the first eccentric to get the ax. .. literally. 