isn ' t information technology the ultimate mark of a movie ' s cinematic ineptitude when you can ' t think of much to order astir it other than " information technology lactate "? one of the first prescribed twelvemonth 2000 releases, supernova is such a film. ace can ' t seem to get retiring 1 - word adjectives with this 1, although " drilling, " " stupid " and " absurd " doesn ' t amount to much of a review. a ignominy. single would have comprise able bodied to save myself the chore of desperately trying to elaborate. only c ' est la vie. here snuff it nothing. i ' ll hold on it curt. atomic number 53 suppose the first bad omen for supernova came when director bruno walter hill (48 hours) remove his name from the movie, requesting that it be replace with the pseudonym seth thomas gypsy rose lee. the film ' s fate was sealed in many idea when shinny studio apartment mgm turn down to screen information technology for the press, an event normally signifying a studio ' s want of self confidence in a particular movie. hill ' mho and mgm ' s action were prudent. when the skipper of medical space vessel nightingale die in a tragic hyperjump accident, a reformed drug nut who is also the first police officer, for some rationality (james spader) is forced to train command. the ship picks up a distress cry from a nearby satellite and, on arrival, pick up unity survivor from an manifest accident in an abandoned mining colony. one of the crew member (angela bassett) knows this passenger, world health organization be recreate by tool facinelli, and has some bad tactile sensation about information technology - - and we all know what that means. this intergalactic hitchhiker be carry some mysterious cargo - - a jellylike substance the purpose of which is unknown, though it seems to bring some anatomy of pleasance to whoever touch information technology. another one of the gang members experiences this first manus; after spending a few bit part inside this glob of slime, he make some telling handstand pushups. evidently, touching this puzzling ball - shaped thingie take a crap you younger and stronger. how? wherefore? the picture show ne'er bothers to explain. shortly plenty though, spader and bassett exist scarper around the ship same mad, being chased by the all - of - a - sudden - superhuman facinelli. to be honest, ane don ' t still remember exactly wherefore. i just remember that 1 didn ' tonne care. supernova ' s patch suggested some more or to a lesser extent interesting ideas, such as the ballock of goo being an intergalactic sentence bomb calorimeter, but they are all dropped before they have a opportunity to develop into anything genuinely intriguing. in fact, everything be drop just so the actors can have some play run around what looks like an elaborate set. advantageously, the personal effects cost good, though there ' mho just a studio motion picture with high risk special effects these days indeed i ' m non sure whether that ' s so remarkable an accomplishment. the performance are hardly worth talk about. i ' m non even sure iodine can call what ' s here " functioning, " though angela bassett sure be good at giving people the fingerbreadth. james spader is not a bad actor, but helium proves to make up one of the blandest military action stars i ' ve seen in a while, generally because atomic number 2 isn ' t given a persona with a personality. the action scenes are hardly as bland, since they ' re pretty much just rehash of action elements that weren ' t particularly entertaining the initiative clip close to. and since the activity scenes constitute everything to this movie, it ' s jolly much dead in the h2o. and for the life of me, i can ' t anatomy verboten wherefore information technology ' s called supernova. 