there be movies that pose a question in it first five second and expend the rest of the time trying to answer information technology. then in that location be movies that spend the whole sentence posing questions and try to do it all in the last five minutes. writer - director john herzfeld ' s deuce days in the vale falls into the latter category. weaving together a grabbag of on the face of it unrelated characters, herzfeld ' s tries very hard to keep the consultation estimate with a altmanesque series of parallel story. hitmen lee (james spader) and his partner dosmo (danny aiello) crop up a guy in bed while leaving his drugged married woman becky fox (teri hatcher) lying next to him showing the audience where on her behind she got nicely sting. an understandeably shocked becky consort out of the family the next morning before hail down a pair of frailty cops, (jeff daniels) and wes (eric stoltz ). a slaying is not vice soil, flirting with asian prostitues is, but wes would rather work wondering detective. meanwhile, washed - upwards director, chemise (paul mazursky) is astir to end his life. simply before he can do that, helium mustiness find a good place for his dog. enter nursemaid audrey (marsha mason ), who takes the dog and teddy for a drive. close graphics dealer, allan grasshopper (greg cruttwell) has kidney stones. while fight about his fancy sign, helium switches between moaning in self - pity and dropping condescending soupcon astir his loyal secretary ' s (glenne headly) plain coming into court. don river ' t cost surprised if you find yourself asking more than erstwhile just what the hell is going on. you mightiness wish that feeling of cluelessness. herzfeld perform answer altogether the questions in the course of time and pieces it all quite neatly in the last v minutes. the fretsaw mystifier tack together isn ' t stunning by any means though. the characters lack the stature operating theatre moral complexness of altman ' s real - living heroes in short cut, even though they be interesting and funny. funny, that be if you aren ' t comparing them to the like of tarantino ' s pulp chcaracters. the tie - up be hefty but nowhere near the squeaky unclouded resolution of (director ' siemens public figure? guy who also do final seduction) red rock west. two days isn ' triiodothyronine a bad movie but thither isn ' t much else to information technology than the screenplay freshness of the linkage of on the face of it unrelated characters. it ' ll keep open you guessing alright simply you won ' t remember the answer five minute after the credits. the flying inkpot rating system: * postponement for the tv2 broadcast. * * a petty creaky, only yet better than staying at nursing home with gotcha! * * * middling just, work a friend. * * * * amazing, potent stuff and nonsense. * * * * * paragon. check it twice. 