vikings v. bear? no, this international relations and security network ' t the lineup for monday nox football. rather, these are the two opposing forces that leave battle to the destruction in " the 13th warrior, " a film that is as dramatically flat as it be gratuitously butcherly. based on michael the admirable crichton ' s book, eaters of the drained, this viking saga tries to evoke the religious mysticism of fabled norwegian and the splendid battles that they agitate. their metier and honour would eventually etch their place in history among the greatest warriors that ever so blame up a sword. luckily for the viking, however, their war ridden abilities be not equally clumsy as this film. antonio bandaras is ahmed, a travel ambassador. accompanied by his admirer (omar shariff in a cameo ), they eventually come up across a small viking village. we see that the viking are an exceedingly proud chemical group whose greatest military posture is their fortitude. they laugh heartily, revelry in their arrogance, and sing songs of conflict won. but their festivities be about to comprise halted when a messenger male child arrive to tell the hamlet leader that a great evil is threatening their ground. help be needed quickly. an senior, fortune - telling witch arrives. after a brief incantation, she proclaims that dozen warrior and one more " not of norse blood " follow involve to control victory. personally, unity always wonder wherefore people believe these oracles when they reckon so haggardly and on the verge of insanity. nonetheless, 12 man thirstily assume their place while ahmed go the pivotal 13th. the grouping then sets out to do the cracking conflict of their lives. of course during their ride, ahmed become the target of merriment for the former 12 burly viking warrior. but he competently shows that information technology ' s not the size of it of the domestic dog in the fight but rather the size of the competitiveness in the heel. helium be able to overcome the proud arrogance of the viking, but volition his skills (and that of the radical) be enough to defeat whatever evil is menace the countryside? it does not reckon promising. these creatures, resembling bears, are firm and have gamy morale. they are fearless and display a desire for decapitate the chief of their foeman. they attack by the hundreds and the side by side strike will come soon. the warriors prepare their defenses and pray to their gods. they are ready to sacrifice their lives. " this equal a dependable way to die, " says unmatchable of the fallen warriors. despite the larger - than - life conflict sequences, i was unmoved by the intact experience. at many points, i exist still confused. for example, somewhere in the middle of the film, a sub - plot creeps up involve the prince of the threatened landed estate. atomic number 2 seems to have an agenda to elevate himself to greater king during this crisis. nevertheless, the grinder - game never fully materializes, and we are left scrape our head as to the purpose of its comprehension. at that place be former questions that i had, merely the real problem be that the story (little of it that there was) offer no characters to love operating room detest. the drawing card of the viking warriors possess the most charisma. however, banderas ' s role is completely underwritten and it is unreadable why being the thirteenth warrior makes him so special. an integral rewrite of the ahmed character is in order. also, much of the natural action takes situation during torrential downpours or at night, which made battles really hard to adopt. i would have prefer more time looking at the viking culture and how their belief mold their decisiveness to do battle against the enemy. as it fend, the film make out more mental confusion than intensity. it would take a shit thor cry. 