you ' d think that after awhile hollywood would stop trying to make movies out of video game. it hasn ' tonne worked then far. " street paladin? " " super mario brothers? " " wing air force officer? " " mortal kombat? " not a watchable picture in the bunch. nonetheless i held taboo some hope for " grave raider. " after all, the game ' s assumption be heavily mold by the hoosier state casey jones trilogy and totally the mommy movies, so there are cinematic elements imbedded in the concept. however, despite the potential of the project, " grave raider " proves to comprise yet another dud. the plot is a convoluted accumulation of nonsense believably borrowed from a dozen unfit pic. on that point ' s a once - e'er - 5000 - years coalition of major planet coming up, and the illuminati take to find both half of an ancient triangle that controls time in order to take o'er the universe. of course, the ancient kinfolk world health organization divided the triangle bury the halves in tombs on opposite side of the world. our heroine, lady lara croft (angelina jolie ), find the key that opens the tombs in relics that her dead father (jon voight) excavate up. she figures that if she engender the trigon, she can fetch her pappa back from the dead. of course, no ace was expecting often of a plot from this movie anyway. in both video game and action movies, the plot is just an alibi for the activity sequence. however, the action at law in " grave despoiler " shows lilliputian style or originality. there ' s lots of shoot and some kung fu fightin ', just none of it progresses beyond the level of a tatty lineal - to - cable television motion picture show. the other sappy archeologist picture show of the summertime, " the mum returns, " was a good deal better; it had its flaws, but it activity be originative and large - scale. since winning her honorary society award for " girl, interrupted, " jolie hasn ' mt taken any projects that would display her acting talent. " tomb despoiler " appear to be more interested in displaying her breasts; and so much attention is drawn to them that information technology ' s a shame there ' s no oscar for best performance by a wonderbra. while we put on ' t consider much of her acting ability (with the exception of a wonderful upper - crust british accent ), we exercise get a hint of jolie ' s less piquant side. consider the rumors of incest that hang over jolie and her hypothetic obsession with decease, having lara be obsessed with resurrecting her dead founder (and uninterested in any of the living males around her) seem a poor choice. having jolie ' s real life sire jon voight dally the dead papa makes it still creepier. i haven ' t decided what to make of manager simon west yet. his beginning feature article was the star - studded catastrophe " con air, " only my opinion of him improved with " the general ' s girl, " which was thick with sultry atmospheric state. now this train shipwreck. iodine go for helium improves again because his next task is the big screen interpretation of the cult video serial " the prisoner. " hollywood receive already screwed improving " the avengers, " and " the captive " map a chance for buyback. ( by the way, speech production of british video, " red dwarf " devotee should look for chris " rimmer " barrie in his 1st major film role ). 