you always have to live careful with the first functionary studio apartment release out of the logic gate each year. they ' re patently films for which the studios get no great hopes (having miss both the deadline for academy award eligibility and the large box - federal agency holiday time of year ). corporate trust that with howie long ' s first starring natural process role, and you ' ve engender a doozy of a movie that, while non as bad as information technology could have been, isn ' t a very good moving picture show. howie adept as an ace smokejumper (a firefighter world health organization parachutes into forest fires unreachable from the primer ). in the slenderly contrive opening night scene, we witness his heroism in action, as he, and his mentor (toy by scott john herschel glenn jr.) attempt to rescue a small girl and her dog from an oncoming timberland fire. william forsythe play the bad guy, a mass murderer world health organization has various trillion dollar sign tucked away to facilitate fund his jailbreak. he (and phoebe convict cohorts) manages to get selected for firefighting duty when a timber blaze just happens to ignite nearby. his escape plan bets a mass on the laxity of the guard, but (since there must comprise a pic) chance is with him. before long the now - escaped convicts be masquerade as canadian firefighters. why canadian? world health organization knows, eh? along the way they find fault up a pretty birdwatcher (suzy amis) to equal their surety. enter howie long. he ' s call off in to help fight the blaze, and when helium spot the chemical group of " ground pounders ", apparently lost, he parachutes in to help. when he discovers their straight identity, atomic number 2 personify the only thing stand between them and escape, and the only hope of supporter for the hostage. long ' s move talents comprise above those of, say, steven seagal, but non by much. although his legal transfer is mostly flat and wooden, he ' s a sympathetic hero, and at that place are some hints hither and there that he may catch better. the script doesn ' t avail him come out any, however. all too frequently, it swerve into the kingdom of the unintentionally shady. the dialog is strictly b complex - motion picture show material, and the plotting relies as well heavily on coincidences to be believable. long ' s co - whizz make up a mixed travelling bag. at least they ' re all well fixed in their respective roles. forsythe birth the scenery - chew villain down common cold, down cold, and scott glenn is always enjoyable to watch, still when he doesn ' liothyronine seem to comprise stretch his talents (as constitute definitely the fount here ). suzy amis plays peril somewhat well, but international relations and security network ' t yield much more to do. some of the nature and wildfire blastoff be interesting, but many are rather bland. you ' d think that the director, dean semler, a one time cinematographer, would at least raise a film with interesting visuals. that ' s not the pillowcase. there ' s a lack of originality to well nigh whole the sequences. .. we ' ve learn this stuff before. it ' s not the most auspicious start to 1998, simply it could have cost bad (simply think backward to 1996 ' s unveiling, bio - dome ). still, after a month of academy award - gauge pictures, a movie like firestorm at least render you some perspective on how just those movies really were. in fact, in that respect ' s a good probability that some of them are still playing penny pinching you. .. 