birthdays often cause someone to access their life. are we doing what we want to cost doing? what happened to our dreams? with the newfangled millennium, our collective crowing natal day, just around the corner, some masses are sensing a certain dissatisfaction with their existence. the old standbys of traditional religion and science aren ' t do information technology for many any longer and they ' re look for something else. we ' ll be see more and to a greater extent film with a metaphysical base over the next few twelvemonth. ricky hayman (jeff goldblum) is have a career crisis. the computer programing director for the good steal home shopping network, he ' s going to be fired unless sales increment dramatically. new manufacturer kate newell (kelly preston) is supposed to whip things into form. when the two are fixing a plane, they nearly run down new geezerhood pilgrim " g " (white potato ). g wanders onto the idiot box solidification and connects with the viewing audience by telling them that they assume ' t really want totally that commercial poop. in some unexplained manner, this get sales agreement to sour. ricky is pull through. the movie tries to be as well much at once and fails at information technology all. information technology ' s not an concluded - the - top comedy operating theatre a heart - warm substance of humanity. it _is_ a mish - mosh of poorly directed scenes ready yet worse by vapid dialog. i am willing to frame up with preaching from a film, simply the messages hither personify old chapeau. you should take time to smell the roses. selling your soul for cash make up a bad mind. golly. iodine ' m sword lily i saw the movie. i ne'er would have thought of these. the opportunity to poke fun at the goofy products is more often than not missed. when g takes a chain saw to the set, there ' s an obvious fortune for potato to be hilarious. it doesn ' t happen. the bits are so subdued and overly - long that at that place ' southward only a hint of laugh from the hearing. potato has changed his use in late years and not for the better. on that point are hints of promise in this one. the only time the film picks upward still a little is when his shaved - head up quality in the long flowing white kaftan shows upwards on screen. the others follow horrendous. goldblum has episodes of splendor in his career, but hither he appear to have represent replace with a exanimate pod from his " invasion of the body snatchers ". his relationship with kate makes no sense. they move from antagonism to love someplace sour screen. preston is as uninteresting as she could possibly embody. somewhere hide out deep interior of this film is astir ten minutes of value. an endeavor to satirize dazed television, we bewilder a self - parody instead. 