the til now - to - be - let go of krippendorf ' s federation of tribes is being commercialise as a family comedy, but buyer beware. this motion picture can buoy ' tetraiodothyronine make up its mind. is it a family comedy with vulgar references to both the male and distaff bodies, menstruation, circumcision, and sexual urge that would make any parents wiggle at the intellection of make their shaver next to them? or is information technology an grownup comedy approached with such immaturity that lone adolescents will value the elbow grease? either means, " unbalance " is the word to stamp on this hit and fille and miss and miss exploit. the premiss be catchy - widow anthropology professor henry james krippendorf (richard dreyfuss) has spent the past two years " getting all over " the destruction of his married woman, neglecting key inquiry and squandering grant money on personal living expenses. now information technology ' s meter to show what helium ' s achieved in those two years, and he have absolutely nothing to show for information technology. with a fabricated tale of studying a antecedently undiscovered tribe in newfangled french guinea, krippendorf petitions for new investment company while hiding the fact that the premature $ century, 000 grant constitute spent on trip to mcdonald ' s. but when his " find " become the latest rage among colleagues, the prof bump he must do more than than talk about the tribe - helium must make it. with the assist of his three children, the headstrong adolescent shelly (natasha lyonne of everyone enunciate i love you ), the somewhat youthful mickey (gregory smith ), and the nine - year - onetime edmund (carl michael lindner ), the " shelmikedmu " tribe (named from the first half of each child ' s name) is born, and videos quickly produced in krippendorf ' s backyard are passed slay as stunning documentary footage of the newly found new guinea tribe. despite the professor ' s wishes, the buzz surrounding his discovery only grows, due in greatest constituent to veronica micelli (jenna elfman ), an overly vibrant (and voluptuous) anthropologist world health organization barges her room into the discovery and basically deems herself krippendorf ' s main assistant. hungry for recognition, micelli define up interviews, public lecture, etc. in an effort to make this the openhanded sociological case in history, a sure ardour room to go down in the history books. krippendorf, on the other hired hand, is seeing himself go consume a jail cell corridor, not in history books, and with each new lecturing, he must come up with something impressive to unleash about the tribe - mating habits, domestic structure, etc. thru fumbling extemporization, and often some quick thinking from his oldest son, krippendorf makes it thru each new lecture, simply only creates more and more interest in the highly unique tribe. on the oppose end be krippendorf ' s arch rival, ruth gracie allen (lily tomlin ), an self important professor whose jealousy drive her on a mission to disprove the existance of the non - existent tribe. it ' s a cute idea, and approached with a more insidious (and mature) style, krippendorf ' s clan could ' ve be a tangible succeeder. sadly, the largely - misfired sewer humour, overly risible musical score (by bruce broughton ), and sugar coated opinion (all the key ingredients of a " family comedy ") just aren ' t the ripe tone for this film. cut that crap out, add some razor sharp negotiation and witty sociological perceptions and you ' ve get a good start. at the department of state it ' s in now, you ' ve got something along the lines of medicine valet de chambre meets mrs. doubtfire meets dumb & dumber, and that ' s non a concoction anyone should exist to a fault anxious to essay. the overall mathematical product hither is a highly forgettable cup of " average ", with a few gag - out - loud moments and a great big spread in between them. most of the character are amazingly deuce - dimensional, and the sole 1 world health organization seems to exhibit any real acting effort (lyonne) seems to pass away greatly unvalued. director todd holland has fit just about make this film in all the wrong fashion. it ' s stick in oblivion between walter elias disney family fare (jungle deuce hobo camp) and potentially hilarious grownup comedy (a pisces the fishes called wanda ). information technology ' s this unbalanced social organization that truly knocks it down a grade, and information technology ' s a brutal drop. a strong monition to parents: forget the belief given by advertisements, do you want to take your minor to a film that has a fair sex asking a man if helium finds her attractive merely because she ' s hold his penis? yes, it ' s put that brusquely! but be warn - this is merely unrivaled example of the many shocking subjects to be convey upward in the flick, and others mightiness not be as tame. 