the u. s. army utilizes a number of book lie with as field of operations manuals which stipulate the specific way in which almost every action at law imaginable mustiness live done. one particular force field manual is known as the atomic number 100 twenty two - fin, which among former things, cover the practice of saluting. nether the " saluting " part is a sub - section which covers how a salute is give by a military workplace point in the front of a ranking officer. the salute is rendered by the gamey - ranking individual present when the superscript officer comes within six pace of the detail, and is drop when the officer passes six spot stride from the contingent. in any event, the military greeting is rendered only by the man (operating theatre woman) in armorial bearing, rather than by the whole radical. almost at the very beginning of the worldwide ' sec daughter, we ascertain a cosmopolitan ' southward motorcade pass away a work detail. everyone salutes. it looked impressive, but it barely wasn ' t right. that little bit indicate maine that soul either didn ' t do the appropriate research, or made the witting decision to go with vogue over meaning for the scene. in fact, this would dish as a metaphor for the rest of the picture, as information technology seem director herb simon western united states tried thence hard to craft a film with atmosphere and flash that he forgot a coherent story and good word picture are also crucial to a good moving picture show. what results is a picture that look unspoilt, but like that unity scene, barely isn ' t right. the world class fifteen minutes of the flick be a good example. paul brenner (john travolta) exist an agent for the ground forces ' s condemnable probe part, undercover at a georgia army base to investigate an illegal arms sales agreement. prior to the transaction, the buyer get a puff that brenner isn ' t the unscrupulous supply sergeant he ' s supposed to represent, and later that night attempts to kill him by shoot upwards the houseboat on which brenner is inhabit. then ensues a big cat and sneak activeness sequence which ends similar a certain scene in raiders of the lose ark (we ' ll just say that information technology involves propeller ). brenner so receives new orders when the command general ' s daughter, captain elisabeth joseph campbell (leslie stefanson ), is found naked, bound, and numb on unmatchable of the radical ' s preparation ranges. atomic number 2 is teamed with rape tec sarah sunhill (madeleine stowe) to uncover the true statement about the peculiarly ghastly execution. what i desire to know is why the whole action tantrum with the weapons system buyer personify even necessary. information technology gives no insight into brenner, other than the fact that he ' s a little cocky. does the coat of arms subplot turn up later? no, so wherefore impart this extra running time to the picture show? the answer: information technology looked poise. or how astir the " atmosphere "? the beginning of the oecumenical ' atomic number 16 girl present tense us with mental imagery of the mysterious south - midst trees, dirt roads, sultry color over weewee - all backed up with bayouesque medicine. prissy immersion in the setting, merely information technology soon doesn ' t matter, for when the moving picture show ' entropy plot of land shifts over to the murder probe, so answer the full temper. no attention is paid to the location of the tale, and the music exist alter to suit a rattling generic thriller theme. did the filmmaker start knocked out thinking they were get a different movie? or else of make a cohesive atmospheric theme for the entire film, we aim the distraction of one of theme followed by another, just because the managing director think he should show off some of the countryside. the above examples as well serve to illustrate that inconsistency is another job with this film. as unity ' ve already mentioned, an entire section of the film doesn ' t gibe with the repose, and the characterization simply adds to the difficulty. brenner, who come up across as a man with little respect for authority, suddenly snaps to in the mien of general campbell (james iv cromwell) and mouth some of the corniest " yes, sir " s 1 ' ve ever heard. he even delivers an emotion - charged monologue about why atomic number 2 bequeath turn therefore severe to catch the person who killed the general ' s daughter, even though he was totally light minded about the whole thing simply a couple of minutes late. sunhill, world health organization initially comes across as a professional investigator, utilize a dyad of blatantly illegal methods to obtain information, and even revelry in her ingenuity. both characters are agonist, but it ' s hard to have behind them when their personalities be all over the shoes, and in some case, simply unappealing. iodin could imagine that during filming, westward would shoot a scene, so take the actors aside and tell them, " lashkar e taiba ' s make out information technology again, but this time, atomic number 53 desire more. " ace say this because although travolta and stowe are usually very upright, in this film they overact in most of their scene. an even uncollectible offender is clarence william carlos williams iii as the general ' sulfur aide, colonel henry watson fowler. one swear the guy says all of his origin from the position of attention. a far cry from his days as linc in " the mod squad ", atomic number 53 rear ' t assistant but think he was play from west ' s direction. a couple of side characters including a occident point in time psychologist (john beasly) and a new female private (ariyan a. johnson) get to their tantrum nearly out of the question to bear. the only two actors world health organization seem to have escaped west ' s influence are james woods, world health organization provides a good public presentation as colonel marianne moore, elisabeth ' s wise man at the psychological operations whole, and timothy hutton as colonel kent of the military police. wood relishes the part of a man whose job is playing with hoi polloi ' s minds, and does thence without e'er take it over the top. hutton just form of hang around, but at least he wasn ' t overacting. i haven ' t say the nelson cecil blount demille novel on which this movie live establish, but i ' ll bet more than a few dollar that the story make up better in book manikin. the movie version has got characters which issue forth and go with little or nothing to make out except fill up space, operating theatre provide spot of information which seem to neither average anything in term of advancing the story nor reveal any import once the whole floor is fetch up. every fourth dimension we ' re presented with some unexampled aspect to the case, west yield us more of that twinkling by playing it up like it ' s the most momentous discovery ever so, but the information is not expend by the investigators at all. or else, when conclusions are draw, they are such tremendous leaps of religion that you wonder if successful investigation represent non based on facts, but golden guesses instead. the army should have save time by bring in brennan and sunhill, letting them play a biz of 20 inquiry with the suspects, so letting them guess who the killer be. would ' ve been o'er in a half hour. the film stopping point with a form of bookend, feature the same style and southern scene as the really beginning. literally during the closing credits, we get to see brennan get in his gondola and drive hit, then we get to see sunhill get in her car and drive off. they both appear kind of happy. peradventure they be driving away from simon west. 