what a line! in the infinite of two days, i saw shakspere in love and hurlyburly. i ' yard not sure you could get two more different movies. while the onetime was all over the top, telegraphing everything, shove it philosophy of life grim our throats, hurlyburly live the complete opposite, wound so tight and with so much buried in its script, nonpareil could spend weeks thinking astir information technology. this be one interesting movie. information technology ' s real a great deal in a standardized nervure to one of my favored movies of ' 98, in the company of men, although non quite and then nasty. there ' s good deal of talking and some scary insights into the world of human. hurlyburly doens ' t contain much plot: we scarcely follow eddie (sean penn) close to as he try out to make sensation of his liveliness and the people around him. his adult question is: does it all touch to him? and if information technology does, how is helium presuppose to feel about it all? " it " mean everything: television, friends, event that happen. i guess information technology could be summed up to a greater extent artlessly as: what ' s information technology all about? this is non a motion picture for answers. donna (anna paquin) gives some merely they ' re not really fulfill: they just lead to more than questions. that ' s what shit this picture show stay on your mind. these be the form of questions that occupy our time. still when we push them to the background, yet we resolve these questions influences everything we come. the performances exist all superb in hurlyburly. i haven ' t envision sean university of pennsylvania in much before (in fact, i can ' t recall seeing him in anything ), but he is bright in this. eddie isn ' t a likeable character, simply sean pennsylvania makes him understandable. one preceptor ' t desire to be his friend but i ' d like to help him. chazz palminteri is too great as phil, micturate him an awful person. i ' d ne'er need to know phil but nevertheless i empathise why eddie wants to be his admirer. everyone in this film nails their carrying into action, making this world real. it ' s a tight earth; information technology ' s a sexist world. different shakespeare in love which be unfailingly politically right, hurlyburly be a gentleman ' s world, ascertain unapologetically through the eyes of men. i find this fascinating and on two counts, deject. first off, information technology ' s depressing that such a domain exists. a large part of hurlyburly ' s success is that it convinces me that such people are real and that this sort of environs exists every daylight in hollywood; that there are a large turn of men out in that location world health organization believe women to be completely peripheral to their universe, toys, playthings. certain, everyone is play down to everyone else only in this world, women make up a long way in the background. 2nd, these are the motion picture show that are be cause: stories about men ' s world. where embody the narrative about women ' s world? not the grievous bodily harm operas and the " chick motion picture show " that exist meant to satisfy women, simply the material tale that touch on the essence of life like hurlyburly does for human beings. hurlyburly represent based on a stage play and that is manifest from the moment the plastic film starts. it ' s really talkative, intelligent and motionless. while this send away make the film drag a bit, and people sometimes voice corresponding they ' re quoting textbooks, by and large this is a good thing. non all films have to be fill with exceptional effects and wholesale panoramas. non all plastic film have to underestimate the intelligence of their audience. all it means is that hurlyburly is probably but equally effective on video recording as it be on the large screen. it also means that you birth to pay care. 