if you haven ' t plunked down your hard - earned money yet for " wild wild west, " the latest summer holiday offering from will smith, allow me aver mighty now that your money will be comfortably spent on a starbuck ' s frappacino or on a ben & kraut ' s sundae. these treats are bully easing from the summer heat. in contrast, this picture made me simmer in disappointment. i can accept the fact that summer movies tend to order more than weight into special effects and that good story and flavorful characters ordinarily lease a backward seat. this was true of star war episode i, but at least in that film, the story and the type personify notwithstanding in the hind seat. in this cinema, they are no where to be find. what remains be hundreds of male person extras costumed as gunslingers and foppish aristocrat, lots of distaff supernumerary world health organization calculate like can - can terpsichorean, and a clunky, 80 - foot marvellous instrument of destruction that resembles a mechanical tarantula. two men are ask to stop this threat. one is artemus gordon (kevin kline ), an artificer world health organization apply his intellect and array of disguises to scoop his opponents. among his creation are false titty and the bulletproof vest. the early man make up jim west (testament smith ), who prefers the shoot - first - then - shoot - some - more method acting of investigating. although their individual talents moldiness be combined to achieve success, their interaction with one another merely seem like a 2d rate, two - man vaudevillian act. for example, in that location be a scenery where west, being more debonair than the reserved gordon, notes that the fake breast should be filled with water rather than buckwheat, which is what it is currently filled with. " immediately touch my knocker, " west says. gordon does and so and then gently coos his approval. i found myself groaning at this kind of giddiness. the hand fails to return any horse sense of drama, humor, or merriment for that issue. i do enjoy kline ' s reserved carrying into action, merely was surprised at how much parallel of latitude they gave to smith. could it be that will smith is scarcely thus bankable that he ' s not yet required to act? it make up as if the director was scream " bequeath smith, do your own thing. .. and military action! " here ' s an model. in this scene, will smith is about to be hang by a grouping of wild white people. atomic number 2 must endear himself to the crowd to escape. the director cry, " will smith, manage your ain thing. .. and legal action! " in another vista, helium has to masquerade as a belly social dancer in order to save his comrades. " will smith, coiffure your own thing. .. and natural action! " worse still, the last conflict scene aboard the mechanically skillful tarantula is a horrid mess. there are cogs spinning and pulleys pulling and levers going upward and down everyplace you look. there ' south in reality a lot of imagination at piece of work in this film. in that location are some genuinely clever inventions and whatsis introduce, but all of this imagination is wasted in a cinema that is visually clutter and dramatically flat. and that ' s also speculative because if there was more focus on the story rather than volition smith just doing his ' thing, ' this photographic film might have be palatable. as information technology turns out, " wild baseless west " is the wild, untamed worst and receives my balloting for biggest disappointment of the yr. 