in this year ' s summer movie prevue consequence of _entertainment_weekly_, theresa connelly described her write - directing introduction, _polish_wedding_, as " a baby that did not quite go the child i thought information technology would. " 1 enquire what exactly she in the beginning have in mind for this jumbled film, a comedy - drama that appears sentence at its most basic component. the household at the shopping centre of _polish_wedding_ be the pzoniaks, which consists of mother jadzia (lena olin ), father bolek (gabriel byrne ), sole girl hala (claire danes) and four son of varying point of facelessness. it ' s a large family, but thither ' s not a large hearted one in the hale bunch, certainly non in the master ternary. jadzia takes pridefulness in building and maintaining a home and syndicate, merely she ' s kind of a phoney since she ' s carrying on an intimacy with a man of affairs rade serbedzija ). her excuse for her affair is neglect from bolek, who is such a passive wimp that ane cannot connect with his sorrow and foiling. also, how could atomic number 2 peradventure pay so little attending to the saucy, sexy jadzia? hala is a spoilt, ego - center high school dropout whose reckless intimate experimentation predictably leads to maternity. with such an unappealing solidification of characters, it ' s no surprise that _polish_wedding_ ' randomness plot complications be far from ask. naturally, jadzia and bolek would like hala to wed the young copper, russell schuster (adam trese ), who fathered the nipper, but he decline to cook such a commitment. ho - humming. another complication, involving the decidedly un - vestal hala being selected to crown a statue of the virgin mary, is first played for laughs and then, inexplicably, as a profound statement in the film ' s climax - - which, ironically, is funnier than any of the film ' s lame attempts at humor, such as a painfully labored slapstick attempt where jadzia leads her logos in a charge to beat up russell. that scene is but one in a number of spell miscue by connelly. the jadzia - bolek conflict be resolved in an overly pat way not unfamiliar to sitcom watcher. the hala - bertrand arthur william russell difference of opinion isn ' t resolved in as contrived a way, just their ultimate resolution will go out viewers wondering if they had missed something. and and so there ' s some atrocious talks, which i am certainly was not supposed to be every bit ludicrous as they vocalise: " look at wholly these pickles. just looking at them impart me such great unhappiness. " equally misguided as _polish_wedding_ be, the affair be something of a disappointment, considering the strong performance by byrne, danes, and especially the perfervid olin. they obviously believed in connelly and her textile - - a religion that audiences testament embody gruelling - pressed to share. 