the event celestial horizon is the bound of a grim hole. .. and, in the future tense, it ' entropy too the epithet of a spaceship that vanished when it essay to go faster than the fastness of light by traversing done its own portable pitch dark hole. naturally, this is the frame up for the early consequence visible horizon. .. the pic. when the ship suddenly appears at the point that it vanished at, just extraneous of neptune, the gang of the ship called the " lewis and joe clark " has to go to enquire, and dr. william weir, the creator of the " event horizon, " gets to follow along for the ride. if you ' ve glanced at a poster for this motion picture, you know that, purportedly, what follows is " unnumerable terror. " well, i wear ' thyroxin recognise about the " terror " piece, only " infinite " for sure look to qualify. .. event horizon is a tight - spirit up, gory, brainsick excuse for a film. information technology set forth off as an alien rip - off, and so devolve into a pointlessly bloody slasher flick after astir 40 minute. at least for those first 40 minute information technology ' s an * occupy * split - off of alien. that ' s a lot more than toilet equal said for the sleep of them picture, which seems to go on forever. it not a scary monster film, nor is information technology a psychological thriller. it is but a flick which tries over again and again to take a shit the viewers feel sick to their stomach at the site of extreme gore. you ' ve seen this form of motion picture before. the hellraiser series had plenteousness of scenes containing this sensibility. this is a kind of motion picture show for which i have no respect, a kind of movie which i have got hop died out eld ago. information technology is quite possible for a picture show to affright or shock its audience without fall back to goose egg more than than gore, but result horizon takes the low road, and the viewers pay the price. thither are many good, respectable performances, from fishburne and neill virtually noticably. paul anderson ' s direction be impressive, as it was in deadly kombat. in that respect are many nice special effects, mostly consider with numerous uncouth objects float or so in zero - sobriety. the set are beautiful to gaze upon. and richard t. john paul jones ' lineament (cooper) is hilarious and extremely likable (more thus than most characters i ' ve visualize in recent picture) for the little screen time that helium experience. and none of this behind economize the flick from being a d - grade level of film. the idea of a ship that have some sort of life within information technology wall, a life that bang the fear and inner skeleton of the human passenger, is a promising one. a haunted business firm level in quad isn ' t such a bad idea. merely the final execution constitute extremely disappointing. that ' s not to say that philip eisner (here making his characteristic picture show - authorship entry) doesn ' t cause talent. for those first 40 min, he manage to make a banal premise interesting, adding in aspects of unique flavor into a rip - sour narrative, and that ' s something that non too many writers can come. he even have one setting that, though it also tries to sicken the audience, has a honestly tense feel to information technology (the view in question deal with matchless of the crew being in an air lock while others essay to save him from float into space ). atomic number 2 definitely has something of a endowment, simply information technology ' s not full on display here. ace sure enough will look forward to seeing to a greater extent from him, and i desire that his future tense work full explore his talent and the story possibilities of the premise. merely because of what this motion picture drop into, i take in little or no esteem, and contract little or no enjoyment, out of information technology. if this live what we get to look forward to in the future of moving picture, then i agree with laurence fishburne ' s sentiment - " immortal help us. " 