tim robbins and steve martin lawernce squad upward in this road movie comedy. robbins plays an white house world health organization discovers his wife having sexual urge with his boss. he snuff it into depression, and drive approximately his neighbourhood until he arrives inside the common ' ghetto ' side of every american metropolis. there, lawernce attempts to steal his railcar, but to no avail, and is dragged along with robbin ' randomness on a head trip to arizona. there, they accommodate up a stock, are err for two former robbers (scarcely similar in my cousin vinny) and are chased by the police, and the early robber. of path, thither ' due south gags along the way, usually from lawernce. although the cinema embody midly funny, and quite watchable, in that location ' s something so awfully familiar astir it all. this film should really be call beverly hills midnight incline at that place ' s lawernce with his wisecracking and lowering profanity, just like eddie murphy in beverly hills cop, and pratically the same idea as midnight run. it ' s replete of wholly the road movie cliche, and even have a ' drollery ' car following, which barely seemed and so eighties. yet the credit sequence seemed to embody out of a steve martin, operating theater chevy chase, eighties comedy. in that respect also isn ' t much chemistry between robbins and lawernce. in plane, trains and machine, there embody real chemistry between steve martin and john candy. in nothing to lose, there cost barely chemical science at all. towards the end the interpersonal chemistry seems to work, simply for the bulk of the moving picture, thither be hardly any, the director directs the celluloid in a workman like style, only gets the jape across. and although there is no interpersonal chemistry between the deuce leads, they open good performances on their own. lawerence yield a good eddie spud performance, and robbin ' reciprocal ohm is alright aswell. however, robbin ' s performance is nowhere virtually every bit good as the characters he played in francois jacob ' s run, and the player. in fact, if you need to picture robbin ' s do comedy lots better than in nix to drop off, i suggest you rent come out of the closet the hudsucker proxy, where he is much funnier. cipher to lose do give birth some funny moments in it, however. the wit isn ' t particulary twist, but if you enojyed silent & dumber, you mightiness enjoy this. the characters in az be funny, and there ' s also a good scene where robbin ' s asks a shopkeeper which ' threatening approach ' was better, lawerences (which consisted of lawerence threatening to shoot the market keeper ' s ass, and swearing a lot ), beaver state himselfs, (which was speaking in a deep, scary voice) but the gags embody predictable, the lack of chemistry infurating, and the cease too far - convey and ' perfect ' nothing to lose then, is robbin ' sulphur first ' bad ' flick (and hopefully his last ), and paint a picture that odereick should twice before hold another film. he nearly ruin carrey ' s career with ace ventura: when nature calls, let ' s hope he hasn ' t ruin robbin ' s (operating theatre even lawerence ' s) with cipher to lose. 