the sketch is way better. that ' s the bottom line on disney ' s implausibly hype live activity version of its 1961 alive characteristic. the alliance between disney and slapstick king whoremonger charles evans hughes has grow a frenetic " home alone " with pup, and not much else. when production of this remake be harbinger, the big inquiry appear to cost " why? the original animated cartoon still works, thence what ' s the pointedness? " the reply, it appear, personify to give disney an apology for yet another monumental merchandising campaign. the narrative, for those of you who pretermit puerility, is simple. ii dalmatians, pongo and perdy, fall in passion at first mess. they puff their " human pets " together, and in a short time both twosome marry. the heavenly match - ups turn chaotic when pongo and perdy ' s new - conduct pups are stolen; their dog - napping engineered by the evil cruella deuce, world health organization wants them for their hide. everyone in the animal kingdom so joins in a phrenetic effort to deliver the pup. in the original movie, the animated barker had a broad range of facial expressions and distinct personality. we also could see them talk, which quickly show a of the essence chemical element to the charm of the photographic film, the dog ' s view of humans as their pets. in the new interpretation, the frankfurter be mute and expressionless. james langston hughes endeavor to give them character with repeated shots of the dalmatians draping their heads over each former and licking their faces and necks. while atomic number 2 drew the desired " aww, they ' re thence cute " reaction from the audience, information technology was quickly followed by several people whispering " i wonder what kind of intellectual nourishment they smeared on the dog ' s heads to get them licking similar that? " the canines ' lack of personality would be easier to adopt if the human beings stimulate a little. joely richardson and jeff daniel are stunningly bland in their lead roles. in previous films, daniels successfully played off his white bread part. in " something wild ", he bring out the rebellious thrill - quester beneath his neutral demeanor. in " terms of endearment ", his hapless appearance masked a insensate, manipulative philanderer. hither, atomic number 2 and richardson are so consistently bland that information technology ' s a wonder their images even stick to the motion picture show. john glenn close, withal, has no problem establishing a distinct personality. as the villainous ikon cruella devil, she charge up the screen in a lusciously over - the - top functioning. close match the intensity of the animated cruella by become a cartoon herself. with a two - flavour fear wigging, ruddy gloves with long nail confiscate to the fingertips, garish animal skin outfits and stiletto blackguard, close bursts through with her scenes like a force of nature. she ' s clear having a nut acting this monstrous icon, and her wicked glee is infective. when she skewer taboo lines similar " you ' ve won the battle, but i ' chiliad about to win the wardrobe! , " the film amount briefly to life. " ci dalmatians " is crammed with john hughes ' distinctive heavy - pass on approach to clowning. after an ingenuous opening showing pongo ' s morn routine as he gets daniels prepared for the twenty four hours, the film chop chop tumbles into lame slapstick as the pooch drags daniels on a careening trek through a city park. a little slapstick goes a long means, but hughes exactly keeps laying information technology on. the 2nd half of the film, where local animals team up to rescue 99 nondescript dalmatian puppies from devil and her henchman, be a tedious home unaccompanied clon, with the uncollectible guys enduring a variety of sadistic assaults worthy of an itchy & scratchy cartoon, including a thug getting his testicles fry on an electric fence. " 101 dalmatians " has cute puppies and a bronx cheer of a performance from john herschel glenn jr. close, but non enough to warrant enduring third rate slapstick, bland characters, and unconvincing animatronic raccoons mellow - fiving one another. economic rent the cartoon! 