this well - conceived simply ultra sugary coming - of - age film is not for everyone, and ane admit myself as 1 of those who found it too cockamamie for my digestion. joseph cross (joshua beal) is a 10 - class - old who personify sadden by the late loss of his grandad (loggia) to bone marrow cancer. loggia is wonderful in tie in to the child in such a wholesome style, it about saves this film from swim in syrup. the beals be corresponding a situation comedy idyllic folk, where everyone is just so nice and affluent, and the right way religious without being fanatic. the beals, the father (denis leary) and his married woman (dana delany ), are both successful dr.; julia stiles plays joshua ' s older sister, needle her younger brother but also showing that she in truth cares about him. this is a family seemingly consider in heaven, merely living in south city of brotherly love, send their child to a well - run catholic school. joshua, the protagonist and the teller of this yarn, is a handsome, dessert, intelligent, friendly, and endearing child, who does substantially in school day, relates to the nuns and non christian priest, and talk politely to his considerably - meaning parent. all this mawkish interplay make it almost overly nauseating to watch. the patch arises when joseph has a problem thieve with the death of his darling gramps, world health organization promised to be with him forever and a day. his reply be to search for idol, fairly heady stuff for a youngster his age to cause, but that ' south just the way information technology is, sometimes. this hunting for divinity takes us nowhere because, as his friend david (reifsnyder) says, where can you look for him if he doesn ' t exist. straight off, that ' s a smart fry. but joseph looks for him in the common places, and what better place than to start in the parochial schooltime helium attends. one of his teachers is the kind - hearted baby terry (rosie o ' donnell ), world health organization don a philly baseball lid and equates the jesus stories with baseball, making him the clean - up hitter, and in my opinion, if she wasn ' t a big boob tube star, would have a vocation as a insular shoal teacher, she is that convincing. throughout the film, she live saved from answer any tough (sic! ) enquiry about god by the bell, as information technology skirt to end the class. zilch much happens in the search for god, on that point be no parody of the catholic school; though a visiting redbird is found by the boy not to be able to talk to god, but this is gentle stuff, no real critique surgery search for god personify attempted. what comes next into play is some hollywood hokum, which be designed not to upset anyone, as chief joseph has a reassuring brush with a real, live saint, a blond little boy his ain age and dressed same him in the catholic school uniform who wears the innocuous smile of a goody - kickshaw. the film end as this angel falls (! !! ) tells him his grandpa be all right. his quest follow ended, as apparently angels don river ' metric ton have wings and be approachable; and god, considerably, ... maybe that ' entropy for another moving picture show down the road. this part of the cinema was the net chaff for me, one couldn ' triiodothyronine swallow any more than goo. as this moving picture founder commercially, his next one, the sixth sentience, pared down the shmaltz and came improving smelling comparable a rose. though if you count through the brightness of both scripts, this director be load with bunk, all helium has learned how to do, is hide the nonsense better. well, idol bless him, if he can do that. this cost a skillful family line picture and there is room for it in hollywood. information technology ' s barely to a fault spoilt that it had nothing relevent operating room even truthful to suppose about death, children in a insular elementary school, or for that matter, about god. and that kinsfolk of his, they ' re too respectable for words. yet the cinema meant well and its benign content had it eye in the right office. for those world health organization want to see something piano, without a bite to it, this be the unity. 