capsule: annoyingly unentertaining, obvious and composition - thin buddy / cop / drug / sexy - witnesser movie. comportment of music director michael bay shows none of the talent he demonstrated in the sway. i ' ve project this motion picture show already, i said, as atomic number 53 looked at the box artwork. no, i haven ' t even seen a trailer for the movie; one don ' t even know what it ' s astir, only i can look at the way they ' re promote information technology, and iodin make love i ' ve seen it already. i thought: information technology ' s about these 2 cops. and they ' re buddies, sort of. they ' atomic number 75 at each other ' s throats a hatful, but they very act like each other. and everyone else in their department hates them ' cause they ' re live - shot. and they take in some kind of diametric opposition in their relationship. and 1 day they ' rhenium in the middle of fuzz business as usual when they get mixed up in this plot that involves a really sadistic sorry guy with lots of henchmen who can ne'er hit anything with the billions of rounds of ammo they be always stock. and the bad guy be a drug god almighty. and there ' s a looker, and she ' s this aphrodisiacal thing who scratch both of them the wrong style. and their executive program want their badges for breakfast when they blow up one half the townspeople bringing this guy down. i only miss the bit astir the badges. the rest i bring dead - on. and i hadn ' t even go forth the video store yet. the cops in this movie are bequeath smith and martin ernest orlando lawrence, and the bad guy is the immensely underutilized tcheky karyo. ian douglas smith plays a cop world health organization has a trust investment firm and is thus not a fuzz for the money; martin l. is a family adult male (shade of the now - tired lethal weapon dynamic here) whose wife and he are at entire odds. this leads to some strained scenes about lawrence ' s " not get any ", and some altogether unneccesary bit with him skulking around his own house, thinking his partner is at once his wife ' s " back doorway man ". non funny; tiresome. bad boy gets some of its incredibly meager selling points from the mien of volition smith and martin lawrence. will smith represent a innate, and i ' m happy to see him in movie like sestet degree. .. and men in fateful. he ' s funny and enamour without try out to be; he truly does seem to be enjoy himself. martin lawrence is a dissimilar tale; he ' s so uptight and verbally constipated that sit down through his makeshift riffian are a trial. movies like this are not astir originality. ace know this. they are about fashion and energy and synergism between worker. i recognize this, too. and yet, while watching bad son, which it glamourous photography and impossibly exact stunt choreography, i felt fed upward. one ' d hear con airwave, which despite being wholly implausible, was still great sport, because it tried however feebly to put some novel life sentence into the mix. sorry boys is a wry streak - - and overlong, too, time in at just over two hours with a flock more than by - play than atomic number 53 felt could be justified. i could write this picture show. you could spell this movie. many people have. many people will continue to publish this movie, concluded and all over again. other people will grease one's palms information technology from them, and make it, and we volition pay money to see it. to a greater extent the fools we all. in a terrifyingly prescient descent from his book a scanner darkly, phil k. dick once ponder that the mcdonaldburger (as he called it) would eventually eclipse money as the relic of ethnic and fiscal exchange. one day we testament all just sit in our keep rooms and sell the same burger back and forth to each early. the same could be suppose astir this movie. i have the sinking feeling feeling we ' atomic number 75 going to witness it again. presently. 