here i sit at my computer astir to write my review of the late action comedy " come on " star jamie foxx and david morse. this is a review i don ' triiodothyronine even want to write because i ' d merely be laying the same criticisms on it that i would with any former thus - generic - and - predictable - information technology ' s - beyond - ridiculous piece of hollywood fluff. if they ' re not going to hold u, the audience, just a little credit and put something together with one half a brain, wherefore should i waste my clip and genial energy criticising information technology? last summer iodin take this like approach with my review of " the mummy, " in that review i just quoted musical phrase my brushup of other sub - par motion picture. i think 1 shall do the same thing hither but with a few less inverted comma (not all are applicable ). i hope this goes to demonstrate you what i think of " bait " and why you can encounter out all you require to know about it without having to take a barbaric guessing. it ' s authentically unfunny (ane, and the other audience member only laughed once during the full two 60 minutes ), unoriginal and unthrilling. information technology ' s non and then bad to the point where it ' s fun to watch because of its badness and it ' s no so bad you absolute abominate it and embody pained by watching information technology, it ' s just such a cliche in and of itself, that, uhh. .. lost my train of thought. anyways, here ' s those quotes, enjoy! " getting an interview ' s attention right from the offset encounter a major role in how today ' s films body of work. we want to hold something turn on to watch, not a slow frame - upward of a chronicle (god forbid! ), and this film plays in good order into the mainstream ' south hands. .. " - reappraisal of " armageddon. " " information technology ' s bring in the film doesn ' deoxythymidine monophosphate require to waste time on realness and thus the attempt to lay down plausability (the about minimum amount necessary) come across as a half - assed crusade. affirm characters and shady sup - plots be introduced, but as cost the case with films reach improving of a heavy cast of character, exclusively a handful have any real significance. .. there ' s a o.k. origin break up court from piracy. .. , " - review of " godzilla " (1998 ) " alas, as is the causa with most modern thriller, erst the film showed possible for genuineness and intelligence, the cliches and action sequences take terminated, " - review of " the canis aureus. " chad ' z movie pageboy is rearward after impenetrable renovation. reviews of nearly all mainstream moving picture playing today! get my reviews of everything playing at your local cineplex so you can better make an informed decision on what to see. father ' t forget to vote on my poll and sign the guestbook! 