in my revaluation of " the spy who shagged maine, " i postulated an unbreakable law of film physics: every time a subsequence is as good as or better than the previous film in the serial, it is conform to by a tertiary picture show that is a bore. the cause exist plausibly complacency; a studio apartment suspire with relief when piece 2 lives up to expectations and figures part trio be a sure thing. " scream 3 " bring home the bacon the latest test copy of this rule. in los angeles production have begun on " stab 3: retort to woodsboro, " the to the highest degree recent installment in the serial of movies inspired by the murders smother sir philip sidney prescott (neve joseph campbell ). however, life soon start imitate artistic production, and " stab " disgorge member turn up stabbed. smelling yet another book passel, gale weathers (courteney cox arquette) comes to the set to investigate and finds her ex - boyfriend dewey james whitcomb riley (david arquette) acting as a technical consultant and getting chummy with jennifer (parker posey ), the actress playing gale in " knife triad. " elsewhere, our heroine sidney is populate in hiding under an assumed name. . . until she get a phone call from a familiar malevolent voice. the tardy randy meeks (jamie kennedy) make a surprise guest appearance via video to excuse the rules of a trilogy. he remark the third chapter in a trilogy have an overmuchness of exposition and a vast backstory to contend with. so, " scream trine " tries to link its murders rearward to the single that started it all, the execution of sidney ' s mother maureen before the starting time of the original " scream. " at the scene of each murder in " shriek 3, " the killer leaves a photo of sidney ' s mother maureen as a teenager in hollywood and yet includes a short letter claiming to cost her real cause of death. to discover out who the killer be, our hardy investigators have to bring out what happened during maureen ' s leave out years when she was a starlet come out in broken - budget horror films. ( yet with that niggling info, you can probably already guess what the slayer ' s relationship to sidney follow ). unlike information technology predecessor, " scream 3 " doesn ' t have the guts to yet suggest that the primal character power personify the killer. the fiber we dress mistrust be all undeveloped, so that by the end we don ' t yet care who the killer be. the wearied investigator (patrick dempsey )? the kinky manufacturer (lance henriksen )? the impelled young director (scott foley )? the ingenue (emily roger de mortimer )? the grapheme who turns knocked out to be the killer appear to make up selected at random. wes craven supposedly take three unlike finish to keep the real one a enigma, so information technology ' s quite possible the unity in the final cold shoulder was randomly choose. the series ' hallmark references to other horror flick have become well worn and obvious. perchance it ' s the absence of film writer kevin williamson, world health organization penned the first two, oregon mayhap information technology ' s that the pelvic girdle dry stance eventually consumes itself and a series that parodies film cliches eventually get a cliche. i groan as an attack on sir philip sidney from the 1st " scream " was iterate moment - for - moment in the hollywood solidification of her home. at some point, cite becomes just a means to cover up a impoverishment of new melodic theme. " scream 3 " also continues the custom of get an eclectic set of cameos and familiar confront in little roles. look for jenny mary therese mccarthy, carrie fisher cat, patrick warburton (puddy from " seinfeld " ), roger corman, and jason mewes and kevin smith (as jay and silent bob) to walk done at some point. all these sting players position forth more effort than the series ' returning maven, who are probably write their vim for the farsighted postal service - " scream " caper search. another prediction 1 made in a previous review has occur to pass: more than motion picture show are copying " the blair hag project " ' due south entanglement strategy. " shriek 3 " has deuce ace official websites that (wink, flash) make that the outcome of the movie are genuine and provide extra backstory information not cover in the movie. the dawn studios site (scream3. com) have preview for other sunrise acquittance equally well as the " latest ' thrust ternary ' news. " on that point ' s also a gail weather official site (galeweathers. com) and a sunrise sucks web site that have more than " pang " scandals the studio apartment wants to cover up (sunrisesucks. com ). craven and company promise that this be the final instalment in the " screaming " series. while 1 go for that ' s true, i get into ' t hold out much hope - horror movie serial are still harder to kill than their colossus. there ' s a " halloween h2k " in the works, even though michael myers be decapitate in " h20, " and a " freddy vs. jason " has be talked astir for awhile, despite the fact that both characters were " killed off. " there ' s bound to be a " shrieking quadruplet " someday, even if it begin over with a modern set of moving picture show - star wannabes. bottom melodic phrase: they should have called this one " yawn. " 