hey, one ' ve got a great melodic theme for a moving picture show! ok, here information technology is: we ' ll catch tim allen stewart konigsberg to pull angry faces for astir two 60 minutes or so! what ' s that? phone too boring? ok, how astir this and then: we all the same get tim allen pull present for about two hours, just half of them exist angry looks and half of them are " i ' m in pain! " tone! what ' s that? that still doesn ' triiodothyronine sound funny to you? how virtually if we through in some " ewwwww! " tone? still not funny? if you answered " no, that doesn ' t speech sound mirthful ", and so (ding ding ding! ) you ' re absolutely right! for richer or poorer is a moronic farce about a ample married couple (played by tim allen and kirstie alley) who look for refuge in an amish community after their bumbling controller (wayne horse, best know as newman on tv ' s " seinfeld ") gets them in worry for tax dodging. what ensues is a bad script and horribly directed 114 minutes of movie theater hell. what constitute this all wrong is that cypher seems to get what the film needs. . . videlicet, talent! backing upwardly, the matrimonial couple constitute brad and caroline sexton (allen and alley ), a popular snobby duo who seem whole in love to everyone else, but in reality are on the verge of divorce. just as their marriage seems to cost hanging from it ' s final yarn, brad discovers that his controller, bob lachman (horse ), has been engaging in illegitimate deals in the sacristan ' s names. the irs catches on, but since everything points rearward to the sexton ' s and non lachman, on that point be nothing much to do. . . except hunt away and join an amish community. first time screenwriters jana howington and steve lukanic give us a couple of chuckle - out - loud moments, and even some comme il faut laughs here and * way * over there, but in that respect is therefore much to cringe at in this horribly made pic that you ' ll potential escape the laugh while regurgitating popcorn. bowling alley be absolutely unwatchable, and the chemistry between her and allen is about as credible as my chemical science homework from 10th grade (which, i inform you, follow total b. s. ). allen and alley be in no fashion convince as tycoons, nor are they really convince as an amish couple! this entire picture is unrivalled speculative ill - conceive notion that should have be curtailed from the rattling beginning! the amish in this movie be also flimsy and unconvincing. it ' mho such a trite, stereotypical script that ane imagine the actors that be cast (noticing that they ' re all predominantly tv figures) comprise plausibly the only i they could get! bryan spicer ' s conduct doesn ' t help unmatched bit, either. in fact, listing spicer ' s filmography (which includes the first " power rangers " motion picture show and the big screen adaption of mchale ' s navy) be more of an vilification than a r? kernel?! now that one ' ve pretty much runnel for richer operating theater poorer into the ground, i will get you in on the best thing about information technology. information technology bump heptad films up a notch on my " worst of " 1997 picture show tilt. that ' s right, thanks to this film outrank at number 3 for the class ' s unsound, half dozen films are now not seemingly as bad, and a smile like yours, antecedently inhabiting the number x spot, now doesn ' t have to suffer the derision of making my bottom 10 leaning. if you look at it in that respect, for richer beaver state poorer will finish up making person happy after all! 