grant to hitchcock and various other filmmakers, isolated motel, dining compartment, throttle stations and similar establishment in american southwest buttocks be rather life threatening place for weary traveler. at the beginning of eye of the storm, 1991 german - american thriller directed by yuri zeltser, one of such places becomes deadly for their owners who get dispatch during the stick up. decade long time afterwards their son steven (played by bradley gregg ), who be blinded during the incident, still runs motel unitedly with his honest to goodness brother ray (played by craig sheffer ). hardly anything happens there until alcoholic and abusive william william gladstone (play by dennis groundball) gets ground at that place with his attractive wife sandra (play by lara flynn boyle ). their unexpected presence creates the mountain chain of the events that would terminate in bloodshed. yuri zeltser, source of this film, be obviously inspired by alfred hitchcock ' s psychotic person, but he chose to sum some new and potentially interesting elements to the original patch. instead of norman bates we have ii brothers - one of them traumatised physically, another mentally. sexual tenseness between beautiful female patron and shy motel salesclerk is heightened with the presence of alcoholic husband. eye of the tempest is impressive in visual sense, with photography by karl walter lindenlaub put up a mint of claustrophobic atmosphere. the acting is ok - hopper, gregg and robert boyle personify comfy with their use, but sheffer at times overacts his psycho subroutine. unfortunately, eye of the tempest, which was reckon to be intense psychological drama, deteriorates into cheap and predictable slasher moving picture during histrionic finale. in the end, this moving picture reminds us that original approach can ' t prevent filmmakers from wasting to a fault many opportunity. ( special government note to the profiler buff: ally walker appear in the kickoff of the film in the small role of grampus ' s lady friend. ) 