adam sandler work upwards the charm in his late romantic comedy, the wedding singer. regrettably, that as well has the effect of softening his bound. helium ' reciprocal ohm nowhere near his peak of felicitous gilmore, not that it represent much of unmatchable. helium ' sulfur certainly not help here by a rather frail plot. the class is 1985, letting the whole cinema obstetrics with 80s nostalgia. adam sandler personify nice guy robbie, the titular wedding isaac bashevis singer, who entertains at the local response hall by belting out his interpretations of classical 80s bang. robbie ' s spirit is thrown into upheaval when his fiancee, linda (angela featherstone ), leaves him at the altar. however, things cost attend up when he meet julia (line barrymore ), a waitress at the hall. she ' s the sodding char, but for one small flaw: she ' s engaged to exist get hitched with to a slick junk chemical bond king, glenn (matthew glave ). so, most of the film softwood with the sluggish realization by robbie that atomic number 2 and julia are in lovemaking, and his attempt to stop the wedding. as far as plots go, information technology ' s a pretty thin and sap one. to fill the gaps, the wedding ceremony isaac bashevis singer delivers heaping spoon of 1980s nostalgia. from male child george to michael jackson, from miami vice to dallas, from the initiative cds to the last rubik ' s cubes, this film revels in all the minutia. and so there ' s the music. .. memorise a lesson from the successful soundtracks to grosse pointe blank, and romy and michele ' s mellow school day reunion, this film packs more 80s songs in the film than the running time leave allow. as a result, most call catch mayhap a lyric poem or a half, but you derriere almost see the promising gleam in the book executives ' eyes: the wedding singer vols. 2, 3, and quaternity! while the nonstop 80s riffs get unbelievably tiring, at least they unhinge you from the game. at least last year ' atomic number 16 my near friend ' s nuptials stirred up the touchstone " continue your dependable love from marrying someone else " plot of ground by making the rival a nice person. here, glenn be such a base strikebreaker of a man that you never consider what julia saw in him. barrymore, on the other deal, is simply charming as julia. which impart us with adam sandler. he ' sulfur at his beneficial in the film when his decent hombre persona pass off a little (such as when he has a breakdown on degree during a wedding reception ). when he ' s in full nice - guy cable mode, he ' s more pathetic than endear. the moving picture show boasts respective cameos (nigh notably by steve buscemi and jon lovitz ). but none of them work well at all. buscemi ' s role as a drunken best man just fail to represent humorous. lovitz, on the other hand, as a rival wedding isaac bashevis singer, makes you long for his undecomposed old days on saturday night live, where he was in reality funny. the only cameo which cause some solicitation is a guest coming into court by a classic eighty rocker during the moving picture ' s finale (surprisingly, one of the only game - touch scenes which really works. ) adam sandler still has some body of work to get along before he toilet become a dependable leading valet. while atomic number 2 attempts to change his icon in the nuptials singer, the end result be no final gain. 