i still fire ' t figure out wherefore people go in drove chisel to see to it this movie. like a shot before you go assuming i ' m some variety of high supercilium snob, world health organization can ' t appreciate a piddling dumb humor, let me state that i love gaudy humour. i thought there ' s something about the virgin was one of the funniest pic that i take in ever seen and it was surely one of the just motion picture of 1998. low forehead adolescent liquid body substance give the axe represent a lot of fun, the problem with the waterboy is that it represent scarcely low brow and adolescent, there is no humor part. i want to like the waterboy, i really did. i mean i only when laughed maybe two operating room 3 times throughout the entire movie. really, i smiled a mates of more time on upper side of that. non a enceinte record for a 90 - minute film. the trouble with the waterboy is the same as most former adam sandler movies. those responsible for this mess seem to intend that the sheer fact that sandler walks around using a goofy voice and playing dumb the intact movie be a substitute for actual funny material. nothing could constitute further from the truth, as topic of fact, sandler ' s idiot voice startle to get on my nerves at points in this film. it ' s really a pity too, because this film had the possible to be real curious. i personally believe that sandler is probably a very talented comic, information technology ' s only that so far he hasn ' t be able to find the right moving picture show to showcase his talents. if his lone talent is making wacky voices and playing moron, my guess is that his life history in the moving picture show will go down the same road as the vast majority of the former stars of saturday night live. most of whom are now happily no longer in the entertainment industry. sandler plays a 31 - class - onetime, pretty mentally challenged, waterboy for a college football team. the team ' s somewhat mentally distressed coach (henry winkler) realise that his waterboy has a big deal of pent - up rage, which, if rule decent, would make him a force to be reckoned with on the football line of business. you lavatory figure out the rest from here. sandler link the team and this in one case lowly waterboy becomes a football star. as iodin said, the film had a great deal of electric potential. the approximation was a enough one, only the main potential of this movie be a result of the shape. all of whom constitute very good, just hamstrung by very, really, icky cloth. even sandler, annoying goofy voice and all, has decent personal appeal and natural comedic ability to overwhelm some of his spoilt stuff. even every bit unfunny as his character be, iodin still found myself rooting for him throughout the film. but it represent the supporting shape that one feel most badly about. if their textile had been just a act intimately, this film could have been such a funny film. fairuza deterrent work sandler ' s leather - wearing biker - dame erotic love interest and does a expectant job playing sleazy and sexy at the same meter. winkler is not bad as the coach who uses a " coaching for blank " - elan word of god to help him get through plot. the real standout though, cost kathy bates. even with some of the worst textile of her career to deal with, she is nevertheless a dainty to watch in her part as sandler ' s overprotective and overbearing mama. still with the performances of bates and winkler, at that place is absolutely no way i would advocate this movie. although i get the distinct imprint that without them, this film would have order in negative telephone number for me. which be sad, because i can ' t really put my finger on a particular element of the moving picture and single information technology out as the crusade of the disaster that it became. it ' s obvious that those involved, specifically the actors, tried very heavy to progress to what they think was going to represent a funny movie. it ' s just to a fault spoilt that 99 pct of all of the jokes fell flat. 