the first species was a moderately - successful skill fable yarn that divert audiences with some neat especial personal effects, a few well - paced action sequences, and frequent views of model - turned - actress natasha henstridge sans vesture. however, information technology was emphatically not a film that cried out for a sequel. and, considering the quality of species ii, it ' s obvious that mgm should suffer stopped while they were ahead. the only matter that distinguishes species two is how atrocious it is. if you throw away the plot, which comprise characterized by a vociferous disregard for intelligence, logical system, coherence, and eubstance, species two actually have a few things to recommend it to a prize interview. of path, that interview be principally comprised of teenage boys (who, at least in theory, shouldn ' t be able to get into an " roentgen " - rated picture show) and connoisseurs of bad movies. there ' s plenty blood, gore, simulated sexual activity, and bare flesh in specie two to prevent it from ever become boring. this be a grade ezed exploitation flick that ' s ripe for the mystery science theater 3000 treatment. someplace, someplace, i recall hearing species ii draw as " erotic. " unity would make love to fuck who used with that adjective for this movie, because he (or she) deliver a singular notion of eroticism. sure, there ' s a flock of sex and nudity, merely it ' s almost always go with by the rip open of a woman ' s abdomen as an alien baby claw its fashion free, splattering stock and al gore in all directions. anyone turn on by that is not mortal i would care to be sit next to in a theater. one suppose the main attraction in species 2 is natasha henstridge (and, to get the obvious inquiry ko'd of the mode - - yes, she does remove her top, merely only in one case, and only briefly ). although the character she played in the original species is dead, government scientists still have the dna, and, out of what tin only be described as a suicidal nervous impulse, they determine to produce another clone. this animate being, knight " eve " by its godhead, dr. laura bread maker (represent by marg helgenberger, reprising her role ), is genetically engineered to be kind and more than docile. meanwhile, man get finally pose foot on red planet. a team of three, lead by st. patrick ross (justin lazard ), has move around to the red planet, but when they return to earth, they bring something with them. ross has go a half - human / one half - alien hybrid, and atomic number 2 ' s before long mating like looney, garner the pedigree - soaked children that are the result of each sex academic term. his intention is obviously worldly concern domination. stand in his mode is that indomitable soldier of fortune from the first film, preston lennox (michael madsen ), and one and only of saint patrick ' s feller astronauts, dennis gamble (mykelti williamson ). but when patrick learns astir eve, a female of his form, on that point ' sec no weaken his elan. i ' m not sure what the budget for species ii was, but a substantial portion of it mustiness have go into paying handsome salaries to respective recognizable actors (as oppose to being disport into the special effects ). michael madsen and marg helgenberger, both back for a second round, are understandably on deal to do as little as they can, snap up the money, and run. ditto for james cromwell, world health organization play patrick ' s father - - " underused " is besides kind a christian bible to key his engagement (" inconspicuous " would be more similar it ). george vi dzundza gets to do a little scenery - mastication as an angry - simply - ill chosen general. meantime, justin lazard ' s performance as patrick is so flat that he stimulate natasha henstridge ' s confine power look beneficial by comparison. the only ace in the whole production with any energy is mykelti williamson, who is drift in the part of the wisecracking smuggled crony. complete with cheesy particular burden, bare boob around every narrative corner, and negotiation up to of producing howls of laughter, species two has be dumped into the marketplace without advance screenings for critics. director peter medak, a journeyman film maker with a significant tilt of mediocre movies on his resume, has added another forgettable title, but at least he appears to have experience fun doing it, which is more than buns be enunciate of anyone trying to take this motion picture with even a scintilla of seriousness. do i commend the movie? absolutely not, but i will take on that species ii be dopey enough that it didn ' t try my patience to the degree that some pseudo - noetic spoilt movies act. here ' s hoping there ' mho no species tierce. 