a hotshot lawyer acquire an obviously shamefaced tyke molester clear, and shortly after during the victory celebration gets offer an opportunity to demonstrate his prowess in new york city. the lawyer, kevin lomax (keanu reeves) is not offer a job all the same, he be inquire to simply break up a jury. he take on. the jury he selects body of work out well and earlier long he is offered a occupation with the firm. hit his conclusion easy is the fact that not only represent atomic number 2 offered big money, but a gorgeous flat. helium convinces his wife, mary ann (charlize theron) to spend a penny the move to new york. the foremost case given to him represent a big test; a " winless " case concerning a man who sacrifices brute in his cellar. the charge live health code violations and kevin once again shows his skill and earn an acquittal. his new boss and married person in the firm, john milton (al pacino) is quite impressed and takes kevin under his wing, explicate many of his philosophies on law, woman and sexual activity, and tilt the hope of a blissful, flush life. kevin ' s next causa be a dream compositor's case, given to him by milton himself (much to the humiliation to his colleagues ), defending a triple slaying suspect world health organization have got had a history of problems with the law. although kevin ' s career comprise taking off, his home life be not doing rattling comfortably. mary ann is starting to have numerous problems. she be experiencing severe depression all over kevin ' s long 60 minutes, and before long be have frightful dreams and hallucinations of people turning into ghoul, their confront becoming horribly disfigured. kevin does non help matter by dismissing his wife. he does not spend more time with her as he explains to milton that he needs to spend as much clip on the case as possible to get it over with, then focus all of his attention on his wife. not helping topic is the fact that kevin comprise have ideas about a possible occasion with a aphrodisiacal lawyer (connie nielson) also working with the firm. mary ann falls deeper into her madness as kevin spends more time away from plate. kevin eventually loose control of his life and has to institutionalize his wife, and gets disturbing word from his female parent (judith ivey) astir the mystery concerning the identicalness of his founding father. he also starts to misplace restraint of his case. kevin learns that all of his problem have been caused by the work of one man. that man is his boss, mr. john milton, a rightfully evil lineament who merely whitethorn be the devil himself. kevin mustiness somehow confront milton and thwart whatsoever diabolical plan he has in store. only how behave you defeat the devil? why exist it that most courtroom scenes in the movies are derisory? answer filmmakers truly believe that " normal " courtroom dramatic play doesn ' t fit the poster and they have to juice them up? the courtroom scenes in this movie would never take place in a real courtroom, which wouldn ' t have be to a fault bad if information technology weren ' t keanu reeve trying to pluck it off. i give witwatersrand credit entry for trying punishing, just throughout the flick i never saw the kevin lomax persona, scarce an player trying very intemperately to play kevin lomax and coming up short. charlize theron delimitate the condition " over - the - top " in her functioning as mary ann lomax, a disappointment in contrast to her good performance in " ii days in the vale ". the only safe performance in the movie is by alabama pacino, but one kept asking myself what the heck he exist doing in this pile? maybe he felt it would be interesting playing the devil, and you can tell he is make fun doing then, but his science as an player cannot preserve the pitiful performances and lusterless hand that circumvent him. it ' s pretty standard material, include the fact that the hotshot lawyer appears to be the lonesome competent person on the planet who stool coiffure anything right in the courtroom. delight read no further if you coiffe non want the terminate spoiled, but i hold to get something off of my chest. in 1986 i commend watching a movie shout out " soundness " with emilio estevez and demi george edward moore, and the terminate of that film do the bad possible thing that a pic could do. what i like to call " guess what, information technology be all a dreaming " scenario. in " wiseness " the deuce lead part represent pour down at the end, only to have one of the characters " wake upward " from an manifest and say " gosh, 1 ' m glad that didn ' t really happen! ". one look at it inexcusable the way the interview was toyed with. well, the same matter happens in " the devil advocate ", and although arguments could be made surrounding whether it was actually a dream (perchance milton went back in clock time to try a different route for his plan, since it failed and atomic number 2 is the devil ), but the point is that the last 90% of the film didn ' t happen. i know information technology ' s a stretch, after all it is a picture show and nothing really take place, just i just dumbfound annoyed to catch dally with like that. of course of action, the pipe dream ending could well nigh be forgiven if the story that precedes information technology was at least an interesting one. as i recall, " soundness " be a decent moving picture. " the monster ' s counselor at law " is non. the devils preach send by elizabeth taylor hackford john the evangelist milton. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. . al pacino kevin lomax. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. . keanu witwatersrand mary ann lomax. .. .. .. .. .. charlize theron mrs.. lomax. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. . book of judith ivey eddie barzoon. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. jeffrey mother jones christabella. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. . connie nielson written by randy turgeon, marching 18, 1998. 