cockeyed religious action film (produced by the deuce ace broadcasting network) about a computer code hidden within the text of the bible that when deciphered will lead to the end of the globe (nice of those bible authors to put a day of judgement codification into the most read book ever eh? ). michael york plays a millionaire diplomat who breaks the code and set out to become deity on ground and fulfill the day of reckoning prophecies, while casper van dien (terribly miscast and giving an awful performance as a result) plays the atheist motivational speaker who moldiness stop him. michael ironside (enceinte as forever, despite the silly film beleaguer him) plays a fall non christian priest and right hired man humanity to michael house of york ' s character. hither ' s some elusive character development you may have missed touch to ironside ' s character. now despite the fact that we see him mangle a man in the opening scene, the filmmakers aren ' t quite sure if their audience will read that he be evil. how act they fix that? lay down specific efforts to show that his fictitious character is the only one in the film who smokes! there be lots of ominous shots of michael ironside smoke. .. oooooo scarey. but still that wasn ' t enough for the filmmakers apparently, as they later have to infer that ironside ' s character is gay! it hail out of nowhere and scarce makes no sense. my principal problem with this film is that, despite the silly story (which could suffer be pulled off. .. anything bum be give believable if executed right ), the events of the pic aren ' t shown with any sense of urgency operating theatre importance. for example, at ane pointedness york ' s character is adjudge chancellor of the world operating theatre something, and we see unitary brief, bum news program report about information technology. the moving picture keeps telling united states of america that the revelation of saint john the divine is come, but it never appear that way. on that point ' s no " humankind reaction " to anything. the omega code is usable on videodisk from goodtimes home video. information technology contain the film in the original theatrical panorama ratio of 1. eighty five: 1, and include the original theatrical trailer, a documentary on the qualification of the moving picture show, production notes, and cast and crew information. the documental tally about xxv minutes and is in reality surprisingly good (it looks as though it was made for broadcast on tbn ), and it does a comprehensive caper of question practically everyone in the cast and gang (with the exception of michael ironside, unfortunately ). the best thing about it represent that whenever crew members be interviewed, they do an fantabulous occupation of explaining their professing and exactly what it is they perform on a picture show solidification. most documentaries tend to miss this. doom expert hal lindsey is yet interviewed (you ' ll remember his documentary from the 1970 ' s phone the recent neat planet terra firma, where lindsey speculated that jimmy carter might in reality be the antichrist ). withal, at the very commencement of the documentary the producers of the motion picture show handle to get on my regretful side. when question they actually have the nerve to say " ever so see raiders of the lost ark of the covenant? intimately, our film is like that! " no it isn ' mt. non by a long shot. [ pg - xiii ] 