aug and sep are a barren when it comes to children ' s films, and october is a dumping ground for munchkin motion picture the studios don ' t want to see mow down against kinfolk - oriented thanksgiving cinema. concluding year, the benevolent studio apartment gods leave us digimon, and this year, they bestow max keeble ' reciprocal ohm big movement on captivated moviegoers across the country. parent will be thrilled because they ' ll at last stimulate something to drag trivial austin and kayla to see that doesn ' t smell nearly as much like ass as digimon did. don river ' t get pine tree state wrong - keeble, which is really only a " ment " away from being a fetish film, international relations and security network ' t that nurse. in fact, you ' d live better forth waiting to blow your disposable income when the existent kiddie motion picture show (monsters, inc. , chevvy potter) come away next calendar month. but if dubya george walker bush iii distinguish you to go out and drop money to stimulate the economy, then you ' d better act information technology (because gassing up the minivan twice a workweek scarce isn ' t going to cut it ). we first see young max keeble (alex cholecalciferol. linz, home alone 3) as a pint - sized superhero, delivering newspapers with the pinpoint accuracy of a david beckham cross, foiling the diabolical program of the malevolent ice cream man (jamie kennedy, jay and silent bob strike back) and landing the neighborhood honey (brooke anne smith ), world health organization, by the room, is the hottest chick in a disney movie since emmanuelle chriqui play claire botch in snow clarence day. the scenario be, of course, a dream. easy lay is really a doofus and he wakes upward on his first day of next to last gamey school with a pessimistic attitude, no luck with the ladies and only ii friends, both of whom can kindly be described as social outcast (and world health organization were both in snow day) - the perpetually robed robe (josh hatful) and a clarinet - playing cutie named megan (summer catch ' s zena grey ), who harbors secret feelings for max. thing don ' t produce any better for max when helium arrives at school. he has to contend with, among other things, a red - hot science teacher (amber valletta, folk man ), a pair of polar - polar yobbo (noel fisher and orlando brown ), and an illiterate principal (larry miller, the princess diaries) world health organization ' s secretly divert the school ' s last dime into the football program. when max ' second father (grownup wonk robert carradine) unexpectedly announces the kin is moving to a new town at the end of the week, max decides this is the perfect time to take retaliation on everyone world health organization pisses him off. whoa - don ' t worry, parent. atomic number 2 doesn ' thymine do information technology klebold - harris style. information technology ' s all reasonably meek stuff and nonsense, but max ends upward in hot water when pappa nixes the motion, leaving his son suspension in the wind similar so many tampon strings. theater director tim hill (muppets from space) adds a few nice touches, like georgia home boy ' s voiceover fiber introductions for the film ' s main character and a flashback scene that ' s pretty risible, but there isn ' t too much else chance hither stylewise. .. unless you look some farting, a little puking, and a duet of bizarre cameos from tony war hawk and lil ' romeo. 1: 30 - pg for some intimidation and crude humor 