starring arnold schwarzenegger; danny devito; emma homer thompson & frank langella the alone matter that you can say about junior be that it is a disappointment, and a big one at that. junior brings together arnold schwarzenegger and danny devito with theater director ivan reitman. these be the like men that play us the very funny twins. so foolish pine tree state, i was hoping for something that would at least come close to the level of quality of twin. so much for hope. schwarzenegger and devito frolic deuce scientist (doctors hesse and arbogast) world health organization follow working on a new drug that will reduce the possibility of miscarriage in pregnancy. regrettably, ascribable to circumstances beyond their control, they are refuse permission to screen this modern drug on humans, and subsequently lose their funding. still believing that their drug will solve, they decide to test it anyway, on hermann hesse. and then, dr. hermann hesse (schwarzenegger) artificially inseminates himself and begin take the drug. their theory is that if the drug can prevent a human race from miscarry, sure it bequeath work on a woman. does the thought of arnold schwarzenegger pregnant strait funny operating theatre humorous to you? well, information technology must have to the producer of jnr. true, schwarzenegger has the comedic talent to pull information technology remove. possibly if it had been make other than it mightiness have actually been funny. but it wasn ' t, schwarzenegger pregnant is goofy at good. the visual modality of schwarzenegger running some going through the hormone imbalances that seminal fluid with pregnancy, and the accompanying emotional swing, is not funny. schwarzenegger come very close to embarrassing himself with these caper. i kept call back to myself, with the clip arnold wasted making this turkey he could sustain been making an action film. better withal, with schwarzenegger, devito and reitman all in the same place at the same metre, why didn ' t they attain a sequel to gemini? anything would have been secure than this hatful. danny devito is wasted in this movie. his role could have been played by any joker they pulled in off the street. ( after seeing the movie, if i embody devito, iodin probably would ingest wished they had pull someone in off the street. ) emma thompson personify wasted hither as well. while homer armstrong thompson is best known for her jane austin adjustment, she is also a ok comedian. overly bad she didn ' t get to utilise any of that talent hither. am 1 be too hard on this film? one don ' t recollect so. schwarzenegger and devito equal two of my favorite actor in film today, and ivan reitman is one of the more talented conductor in hollywood. with a supporting cast of emma thompson and plainspoken langella, the filmmakers really make to live prove hard to seduce a bad film. they certainly bring off here. maybe it be well intentioned, just unfortunately this is a moving picture that never should have been attain. if you are tempted to take in this film, do yourself a favor and go rip twin, a film that truly takes advantage of arnold schwarzenegger and danny devito ' s comedic talents. 