sometimes a stellar cast can compensate for a lot of things, and " pushing tin " sure have some name stars who are going places: billy bob thornton, cate blanchett, angelina jolie, and oh yes john cusack who might not realize information technology at first, but he ' reciprocal ohm in reality the * warhorse * among this quartette of fine - looking people. sometimes a terrific cast alike this can compensate for a lackluster screen treatment of an idea that has " hep comedy " written all over it, compensate for workmanlike but uninspired direction, compensate for an obnoxious score that would have anyone but the tone deaf screaming for the exits, compensate for clich? 500 characterizations, compensate for embarrassing " you have to be joking " situations. etc. in " pushing tin, " william thornton, blanchett, jolie, and cusack don river ' t give birth an earthly. from the first step sequence the film is in big trouble: squiggly, " quirky " credits, fake - looking passenger planes circling new house of york, and anne dudley ' sec in - your - ear music making us wonder how she ever take that best original score nomination for " the entire monty, " have alone won it. just one, for one, wasn ' t ready to take the air just yet. thence quickly we fall into a tightly - edited air dealings controllers montage which screams to us in big capital letters these people have a difficult job, yes, what with their frantic, mile - a - minute instructional personas, juggling aeroplane and passenger ' s life alike some huge, real, mid - air video game. hip, poise, demonic auctioneer gouge " the geographical zone " falzone (cusack) is the good in the game. of track. until some hipper, cooler, leather - clad flyboy assistance in the guise of russell gong (thornton) register upwardly to gainsay falzone ' s finite air space. boys leave be boys and some grave duty testosterone get going exuding, then the macho one - upmanship begins. information technology doesn ' t stoppage with seeing world health organization can juggle three 747s within a cat ' s whisker of each other. oh no. at that place are some low basket dreams, some wanna - check - how - fast - i - can - drives, and then the ultimate showdown: was that my wife i see you with concluding night? director mike newell (" four weddings and a funeral ") must have read a different draft of this script because the one that ' s being acted out upward there between newark, jfk, and la guardia doesn ' t deliver an ounce of subtlety, and newell experience made some awfully good - and laughable - moving picture show before. the antics of these air dealings controller will nominate you cringe. they ' ll wee wee you frown in disbelief. they ' ll get you invariably looking at your watch. but hold! on that point ' s still 100 minute of arc to go!! the film ' second only saving grace represent blanchett, whose connie falzone is a spunky, brash, long island housewife who want to better herself by contain art classes. this be a wonderful accomplishment for the fine actress world health organization sustain antecedently play a red - direct australian risk taker (" oscar and lucinda ") and a tempestuous british crowned head (" elizabeth " ). but she ' s not enough to relieve the picture. thornton take care terrific and performs solidly but his fictitious character is a joke. jolie (as william felton russell ' s knock ' em deadened wife) isn ' t speculative, just the upward - and - occur actress disappoints by allow herself to be displayed like a toy. cusack cracks gum, don shades, and act hip throughout simply, like everything else in the film, his performance make up forced. in the lowest ten minutes or so, for some incomprehensible reason, things start coming together and you set about to gravel a sense of how this film might get be, like the trailer vamper. but information technology ' s too little too belatedly. a fine mould apart, " pushing tin " exist aught more than an embarrassment. 