what are the warning sign of a * frightful * movie? make it ' s debut at the clam dramatics? topically, president of the board did scarce that. feature the annoying prop comic scott thompson (in force known as carrot summit) in the lead office? chairman of the board, once once more. how astir an overly exhausted, paper thin plot near with utter incompetency? did somebody enjoin chairman of the board? that ' sec right, carrot top ' due south long dreaded major motion picture debut (at least for a starring role) be poking up in a fistful of theatre across the land. chairman of the board stars the objectionable, wannabe - zany king of redheaded standup comics as a lazy merely originative, inventive but uneventful generation hug drug - er named edison. living with a pair of surfer dudes in a small, rented house, edison bounces from job to job, always squander away the money on his eccentric (to say the least) inventions and neglect all important responsibility such as rent. this give birth the crabby landlady, 1000. krubavitch (estelle harris, best love as george constanza ' s mother on " seinfeld " ), threatening an legal ouster if preceding due expenses aren ' thyroxin furnish post haste. as luck would have information technology, edison presently meet armand mcmillan (jack warden ), an old surfer dude world health organization exactly so happen to personify president of the multi - million dollar mcmillan industries. sharing a passion for more than just tantalise waves, armand is deeply impacted by the young artificer ' s notebook of dreams and idea, and when the old mankind buy the farm soon afterward, edison learns he is named a helper in armand ' s will. predictably, edison acquires the entire tummy and hold to preserve productivity with dead no knowledge of the business world. predictably, in that location is a bitter nephew (larry miller) whose less inheritance fuels resentment that will lead to an elaborate sabotage plot. predictably, there comprise an attractive employee (courtney thorne - smith) whose initial horror will transform into love for our doofy protagonist. predictably, the humankind who knows nothing will fight against the odds and sacrifice the fellowship it ' s most profitable and successful turnaround ever, all because he ran things by common common sense and non greed. it ' s as though author turi meyer, al septien, and alex zamm (meyer and septien also drop a line leprechaun ii in concert! ) pulled a secret plan out of a chapeau and worked daucus carota sativa top into it. the jokes, the " surprises ", the developments - all of them run such a predictable path, it may only when live carrot top ' s signature brazen red hairdo that sets this one apart from the myriad of similar movie. a movie this unsound speaks for itself. what ' reciprocal ohm left to say when every element the movie possesses represent a shameful retread of movies past? the playscript is hundred% recycled, the direction make up stilted, and the acting is absolutely atrocious. information technology is but thorne - smith who appear to take her job seriously, an acquirement which surely deserves the ribbon of honor. she certainly go beyond the call of duty - she have to kiss carrot meridian! !! !!! ( vomitus bag, delight! ) movies like this yield the audience zero to get along merely ponder simply how many synonyms for " bad " there genuinely are. chairman of the display board, without a doubt, deserve each and every unrivalled. the only way this gain ' tetraiodothyronine terminate improving on everybody ' s " bottomland ten of the year " tilt, is if they were lucky enough never to take seen it. precisely because you can ' t leave out his outlandish fiery mane, preceptor ' t skimp on avoiding this abhorrent feature article. 