a background of new twelvemonth ' sulfur eve in 1981 would seem to lend itself to a peachy party movie. the interior decoration possibilities are endless - disco music balls had heretofore to migrate into the grim corners of the attic, large hair be worth its weight in aquanet, and the louder the manner, the better the looking at. but despite this scene, these details and a soundtrack that include some 40 - asset resistless hit from the early days of the maine x, something equal inherently wrong with " 200 cigarettes. " a better title for this nostalgic messiness would be " 50 lost chance. " what make up information technology that makes this retro - comedy such a downer? it ' s certainly non the casting, which includes decent hot, young talent for several moving picture show. there ' s courtney dearest, cement her reputation as a serious actress; christina ricci, hot off her shoulda - been - nominated turn in " the opposite of sex "; paul rudd, who gets still more appealing with every role; kate hudson, inheriting some fine acting genes from mom goldie hawn; and affleck sidekick ben and casey, two of the best things astir " good will trace. " maybe the question is this: what draw and quarter these and other immensely talented thespian to such a dreary project? maybe information technology looked serious on paper. " 200 coffin nail " is indite of a serial publication of vignettes, as various fiber make their room through new york ' s festively decorated east village to a holiday bash thrown by a jittery bundle of nerves named monica (martha plimpton, all lop up in her full cyndi lauper ). among the likely guests are likeable cad kevin (rudd) and his best friend lucy (love ), meddling bickering over his recent break - up, and a clumsy but on the face of it charming bartender (ben affleck) who open his mouth only to spew forward bad pick - up lines. to a greater extent subplots - _many_ to a greater extent - dot the big picture, but those number above be the alone ones worth observe in a positive light. all the early story tangents be as frazzled as a cokehead attempt to solve a rubick ' s cube. ricci and gaby hoffman grate as two ronkonkoma gals (the kind that have bother pronouncing hard consonant) out to let a high pitched meter in the with child metropolis. infamously sulphurous comedienne janeane garofalo is wasted in what amount of money to a several - view cameo. hudson, as a pretty - in - garden pink klutz late devirginized by a reprehensible madam ' man (jay mohr ), tripper, pukes and gets smeared with wiener poop. be we laughing yet? the film churn downwards to a mixture of the good, the speculative and the gaudy, with the latter two overwhelm the former. secret plan performances - especially by love, rudd and plimpton - be almost shot downward by the bizarrely colorful parts and a constantly roving focus, here a combination that more often than not skin when it should crackle. too many sidetracks charge per unit as uninteresting and have petty payoff until a lengthy final montage where we incur out many of the performing artist served as one night stands for each other. if this embody " 200 cigarette, " and so get me two hundred nicotine patches. 