one of my brother ' s best loved movies follow h. bacillus. halicki ' s 1974 cult motion picture show " gone is sixty second base, " matchless of the best products of the car - following music genre that provided drive - in transportation during the 1970 ' s. pursuit pics have more tire squeal than dialog, but they had a strong visceral appeal. although it boasts a adult budget and familiar stars, the remake of " pass away in sixty seconds " make up comparatively weak and dull. randall " memphis " raines (nicolas john cage) is a retired cable car stealer who runs a go - handcart track. he got kayoed of crime so that his younger brother upstart (giovanni ribisi) would non accept up boosting car. however, catch some z's became a thief anyway, and right away he ' s in enceinte difficulty. kip promise to deliver fifty sumptuousness and sports railway car to gangster raymond calitri (christopher eccleston) by the end of the week. calitri expects memphis to fulfill kip ' s bargain; if helium doesn ' t come through with, kip die. memphis gather his old crew (angelina jolie, robert duvall, leave patton, chi mcbride, and vinnie mary harris jones ), and kip brings his boy (t. j. crisscross, william lee scott, winfield scott caan, and james ii duval ). as if calitri breathing blue their necks wasn ' t high risk plenty, the team is pursued by a cop (delroy lindo) who ' southward still ticktock off that he never busted memphis and by a rival gangster (rap star master p) who want to claim over calitri ' s guest. watching " gone, " iodine discovered that stealing 50 cars be not any to a greater extent interesting than stealing one. perchance that ' s wherefore the first xl - ennead are fair wanton, and the thrills are save for " eleanor, " a 1967 shelby gto, a model that take constantly eluded memphis. but the big pursuit doesn ' t go upwardly to the long wait. i had high hope for " give out " because it is director dominic sena ' s second celluloid. " kalifornia, " his 1993 debut, live a brilliant study in the relationship between fierceness and its consultation. in that pic sena take a childlike thriller plot (a couple gives a serial killer a drive) and successfully gift it with deeper significance. in " gone " he seems to be draw a bead on for a play astir two crony world health organization can ' t communicate with each other, just that goal just doesn ' t mesh with this plot. " gone " either take itself too in earnest operating theatre not seriously enough. it ' s not weak enough to live fun, surgery mean enough to be intense. this chaser have more than dialogue than tire squeal but is none the better for it. the lack of action is a waste of the assumption, which should have challenged the filmmaker to make the nearly spectacular car salmon portland chase ever. the weak hand comprise a waste of a gifted cast. in a " newsweek " interview last year, sean penn blasted his old pal nic john cage for making spoilt flick. much as one like coop, for every good picture atomic number 2 do (" leaving las vegas, " " bring out the dead " ), there represent deuce major stinkers (" snake eye, " " con air, " " 8mm, " " city of angels " ). that ratio is probably better than what a good deal of his peer tooshie boast, simply john milton cage jr. has real talent. it ' s a disgrace to devastate information technology in glitzy, trivial trash like " gone in 60 seconds. " 