plainspoken detorri ' s (bill george gilbert aime murphy) a single dad who survive on beer and junk food with no apparent agreement of sanitation or hygiene, very much to the dismay of his preadolescent daughter shane (elena franklin ). when atomic number 2 uses the ' 10 2nd regulation ' to recover a arduous boiled egg from a chimp ' s cage at the zoological garden and toss off it, he precede a lethal bacteria into his system. inside his skin, the city of wienerwurst is in turmoil thanks to the right to vote - pandering of mayor phlegmming (voice of william shatner ), so it ' s upward to one hot dog pd livid blood jail cell (voice of chris rock) to spare the day in saint peter the apostle and bobby farrelly ' s " osmosis robert tyre jones. " the metropolis of frank is a brightly revivify (animation directed by piet kroon and tom sito) cellular municipality where osmosis daniel jones is a typical rogue cop looking for another chance. he ' s inadvertently team up with drix (voice of david hyde pierce, tv ' s " frasier " ), a frigid abridgment with 12 hours worth of painkillers to deal. this quarrelling duet are astir to die on a " fantastic voyage " in order to hunt down thrax (vocalism of laurence fishburne ), the computer virus intent on keep out drink down frank. while the animation be certainly colorful to seem at, osmosis mary harris jones ' story is a hackneyed ane. the story cries out for puny punning, but we only get occasional sprinklings of wit operating theatre bodily humor (drix graduated phi genus beta abridgment, he digress on a busbar channelise for bladder ). neither the hero or baddie is particularly interesting (thrax look similar an animated " predator " ), although hyde president pierce is a delightful crony. adults can urgently observe their eyes peeled for small amusement the animators scatter along the landscape. meantime, back in live action land, bill sir james augustus henry murray be reduced to nix more than a walk gross - out put on. there ' sulfur no particular enjoyment to be found watching him vomit on molly shannon (she plays shane ' s instructor, mrs. boyd) or hoisting his ingrown toenail onto a eating house table. one must marvel how the climatic flatlining of a child ' s father will toy to the family hearing every bit well. rest assured, the unscathed enchilada cost envelop up with a fart joke. while far less offensive than the farrelly ' s last effort " maine, myself and irene, " that picture at least spiked some comic highs with jim carrey ' s hijinx. " osmosis john paul jones " bequeath plausibly be ok for the kids, but the farrellys playacting for the class audience is alike watching marilyn manson croon a phil collins tune. 