when a film is produced on a shoe lace budget by a couple of hardworking film maker and when information technology tells the story of a unfeigned tragedy, the soft way of life for a reviewer who hated the movie is to afford it a go. toss prohibited your common objectivity, ignore how many time you checked your watch while see it, forget how unbearable it represent to sit through, and find some meaningless way of life to congratulate it. this, of course, will equal of no military service to your readers, just at least you ' ll avoid the hate mail from the movie ' sulphur fans. thus it represent with a heavy heart that one look back the movie paulina (not to be bedevil with the recent moving picture paulie about a talking parrot ). directed by vicky funari as a labor of intense love - she pass the last one third of her life on motion picture - the movie blend documentary footage with historic and fanciful recreations to relate the bitterly sad and true story of paulina cruz suarez. paulina was a maid in vicky ' second household when vicky was untried. 1 catch to study the film ' second background when i attended a screening in which the ii char who made information technology were present. for those without such circumstance, the chemical reaction to the film whitethorn be that it is a parody of a defective indie film. the acting follow amateurish, the story personify maudlin, and information technology has all the visual ingathering of a bad home movie. grainy and overexposed, the motion picture show, shot on 16mm motion picture show and videotape, has little to advocate information technology. bewilderingly composed, the motion picture show jumps about jarringly as it tell its story. quite a bloody at times, the history, full of horrific images, seem designed to shock and repulse us. wherefore else would you let in a scene with a totally nude and bloody 8 - year - old paulina? another scene hold a teenage paulina live fondled on a bus by the man sitting following to her. in revenge, she seize with teeth off part of his finger's breadth. this covers the both of them in a bucket of blood. the passengers on the coach then view the girlfriend in their minds as everything from saint to sinner. one, for example, see her as an aztec priestess holding prohibited a magnanimous heart that she had just cut from a body. the lugubrious tale has paulina being assault and beaten. certainly she had to live on a miserable life. but that does non vouch that a pic about her will necessarily being good. one felt trapped in the dramaturgy watching it. simply the chance to lecture with the filmmakers afterwards made the movie bearable. paulina runs 1: 28. the film is in spanish with english subtitle. it be non rated merely would be an r for violence and nudity and would be acceptable for older teenagers. 