for " original sin, " the route to the screen give exist rocky. initially slated for handout last november, the film personify chance twice, in the end landing in the dog days of summertime 2001. advance screenings of the plastic film were refuse to all just a few critics, generally a sign that the studio realizes information technology ingest a dud on it script. indeed is " original sin " really all that risky? yes it is, but the melodrama does provide some reward. the fix settings are gorgeous and there cost a healthy scattering of t & a (with angelina jolie providing the " t " and antonio banderas the " a " ). to a greater extent importantly, the movie is entertainingly bad. veteran lecturer know that, as a rule, i don ' t encourage people to patronize dirty films. most of the metre, there are plenty of lineament oblation on the marketplace that are more deserving of our money and besides, the " let ' s go laugh at the failing of others " mindset reflects an elitism that makes me uncomfortable. merely things are unlike this summer. quality films, to put information technology gently, have been few and far between, therefore equally far as i ' m concerned, information technology ' s fair to find our kicks where we crataegus oxycantha. " original sin " will never join such treasures as " valley of the dolls, " " route star sign " and " showgirl " in the spoiled movie hall of fame, only it ' ll do until something worse come along. the film, adjust by manager michael cristofer from the cornell woolrich novel, " waltz into darkness " (which was also the source for the 1969 francois truffaut film, " mississippi mermaid " ), opens in a turn - of - the - century prison, as jolie ' s character, slated for a dawn execution, tells her shocking tale to a non christian priest who look urgently horny. the freshman writing class flavor exist quickly established when she enjoin thing like, " this is not a love tarradiddle, information technology is a story astir erotic love. " wary of local gold - diggers, cuban coffee dealer luis antonio vargas (banderas) realize arrangements to assure a mail order bride from america, list himself as a mere salesclerk to deter alien gold - diggers. a practical humans, luis chooses a frumpy looking lady, hope she volition be a firm mate capable to provide him with kid. reckon his surprise when his fianc? e, julia bertrand russell (jolie ), turns out to live boundlessly to a greater extent attractive than the woman in the photo. julia explains that she sent a dissimilar woman ' s figure because she didn ' t want to personify choose only for her pretty face. luis then confesses his dissembling, lead julie to state, with swell significance, " we stimulate something in common, we exist both not to trusted. " after their wedding, luis and julia retire for a glorious night of cautiously choreographed love, with their bodies positioned to display her breast and his can as erotically as potential. jolie and banderas are attractive hoi polloi and watching them naked is fun, although the filmmakers ' insistence on utilize one of banderas ' legs to cover jolie ' s crotch make information technology look comparable he ' s trying to go up her. luis, the stupidest homo world health organization ever lived, immediately instructs the bank building to make his personal and business accounts available to julia, despite the fact that she seems nothing alike the womanhood with whom he corresponded. his blissful ignorance continues as the warning signs ride up. luis must force julia to write to her sister emily, world health organization be frantic over her want of communicating. shortly after julia complains about the chirping of a best loved bird, it be find on the floor of it batting cage with a broken neck. lastly, when she cleans out his accounts and disappears, luis begins to suspect that something might be incorrect. apropos, if you ' re afraid i ' m giving too much away, rest assured that all of this happens in the beginning 30 minutes of the picture show, leaving plenty of time for legion dopey plot twists, a great deal of operatic acting and more footage of her tits and his tush. along the way, individual police detective walter downs (played by thomas jane, who was terrific as mickey curtain in the hbo movie " 61 * ") turns upwards, hired by the dowdy woman ' s sister to find out what happened to the real julia. luis be also eager for the tec to track down the con artist, having decided that if helium can ' t deliver her, helium bequeath kill her. oh, the pathos of information technology all. the cast appears to spot the shoddiness of the story, adjusting their performances accordingly. banderas is appropriately impassioned, while jolie alternates between vamping and brood (and with those brim, she can real pout ). as for thomas jane, helium commence off act suspicious and cagey, then accelerates to a sneeringly whiplash grade of nastiness. his most startling moment make out when, to prove his power to humiliate, he forces luis against a bulwark, verbally taunts him while rubbing his cheeks against those of luis and then finishes found his potency with a total - on candy kiss. if anyone ever inquiry the difference between sex and rape, show them this cool view. and if anyone ever questions the difference between real play and a risible potboiler, show them " original sin. " 