when iodin first saw the preview for vicious intentions, iodin turned to my friend and said, " dangerous intimacy for kids! " it was clear to me that the film would constitute an obvious glob of plagiarised nonsense, owe everything it is to stephen frears ' 1988 chef d'oeuvre. ideate my surprise to see that writer / conductor roger kumble have given credit to his generator material: choderlos de laclos be recognized for his new les liaisons dangereuses in the opening credit. and i was impressed. in fact, 1 was much more impressed with this realization than with the actual film, which embody an appalling excuse for a movie. information technology ' s kiddie - porno hackwork, complete with earthy sex - talk and fully - clothed hired man - jobs. i reckon this sort of picture comprise inevitable; with all the teenage high - school day angst moving picture coming out, there was certainly room for a pretentious and laughable movie about a bunch of teenagers who think they ' re smart and to a greater extent beautiful than all the other people on earth combined. cruel intention is a mess in every possible fashion, and it go bad in the first place in the direction i expected it to: i hated all the characters, and one detest everything they do. i also hate ryan phillippe, so perhaps my opinion make up not as documentary as information technology could be. phillippe plays (check out proscribed this epithet) sebastian valmont. thigh slapper. isn ' liothyronine that a memorable gens? i could just say information technology terminated and over over again. sebastian valmont. it kind of rolls cancelled the knife, in the spirit of phrases same sanguine vapors and velvet sandwich. sebastian valmont be the cool guy world health organization ever walked the earth; thither be no woman atomic number 2 can ' t have, no fabric object out of his grasp. helium has all the money, all the sexual urge - - all at his fingertip. and, fortunately, his parents never enter into his lifetime - - no, in the world of barbarous intentions, adults put on ' t really survive. the ones who practise are irritate. sebastian valmont lives with his stepsister, kathryn merteuil (sarah michelle gellar ), the beef - queen of the creation, and too the woman every man wants. since these two plentiful kids are and then bored, they only when matter they can do be challenge each other with meaningless sexual liaisons. kathryn want sebastian valmont to de - virginize cecile caldwell (selma tony blair ), a naive dork - chick who has in some manner wronged kathryn. merely information technology ' s too easy for sebastian valmont - - he require to nail annette hargrove (reese john witherspoon ), the " paradigm of chastity and beauty. " so, sebastian valmont and kathryn make a deal (which embody too expressed to state hither ). but - - dear divinity! - - sebastian valmont actually commence to come down for poor annette hargrove. dangerous intimacy be a great movie because the character are all believable, and because of its masterly playing. cruel intentions equal bad for many intellect, but it lack both believable character and masterful acting. kathryn merteuil is simply a hateful wiccan, a little girl thence loathsome that i would probably enjoy pouring hot pb on her. she is supposed to be beggarly, merely glenn tight gave the character some depth in unsafe liaisons. gellar, while aesthetically please, is one - dimensional and utterly repulsive. witherspoon has a truly beautiful face, but her character international relations and security network ' t the moral staple she ' s suppose to be: sure, she won ' t have sex until she ' s in love (is this really a * moral * issue? ), merely she coiffure some things in the last few scenes that are more than than a little reprehensible. but iodin can ' t forget mr. phillippe, world health organization continues to transcend my expectations with his impenetrable, invulnerable suaveness. i accept to give him cite and enjoin that atomic number 2 did, in fact, manage to change his facial formula about terzetto times during the course of cruel intentions. and in that location ' s one item in the film in which atomic number 2 shouts, thereby defeating my speculation that he be vocally flat. true, he comprise sorry, but it doesn ' t help that helium has no character to make for with. kumble receive drain entirely the interesting aspects from this character, leaving us with a sex - madden moonstruck who is supposed to follow sympathetic because he falls in erotic love with a moral blossom and shuns the wicked bitch. the movie fails in every former way, likewise. first of all, nonentity talks like this. yet the " intellectuals " i know don ' triiodothyronine bother with this kind of pointless and ostentatious yammering. for a while, the film looks like it might play itself for gag, but it ends upward deal itself so seriously that there ' atomic number 16 no room we bum link information technology. cruel intentions likewise manages to come off as mild - smut in more than one scene. in the beginning i refer a in full - clothed hand - job; this happen between kathryn and sebastian valmont, both of whom are intended to be mean at this spot in the moving picture. so, if we hate them, so what ' s the point of an extended sex fit? tickle, of course. information technology can ' t even workplace under the pretense of " meaningful dear scene, " because we hate the characters. it ' s interest to observe some of the parallels between cruel intention and dangerous liaisons. kumble follow clear familiar with the earlier plastic film; many of the scenes have a similar quality, and there are moments in frears ' film that kumble imitates almost completely (such as the last scene, in which [despoiler warning!] the antagonist live humiliated in straw man of her peers ). but kids don ' t number alike this. nobody act like this. in his rendering, roger kumble forgot character development and sympathy - - some pretty crucial element. the result is a word picture of fuddle bad, a kiddie - erotica mess that thinks information technology ' s really deep and profound. i ' ll give cruel purpose credit entry for pull in its influences, merely that doesn ' t change the fact that it ' s awful. 