it be with some sad irony that i screened fright night part two on the day that nonpareil of it ' s ace, roddy mcdowall occur away at the age of 70. mcdowall was one of the most talented and prolific role player in hollywood, having a career that spanned over sixty years and appearing in more than 100 films. fearfulness nighttime part 2 probably testament non be counted among his more memorable roles. this be very sad considering how good the first fright nighttime film was. william ragsdale and roddy mcdowall both reprize their purpose as the somewhat reluctant lamia killer world health organization seem to be the only ones that actualise that vampire walk among us. ( at least in the pic anyway. ) it has exist respective years since charlie brewster (ragsdale) and b - pic thespian turn late nox horror film host, saint peter vincent (mcdowall) came face to face with a real live vampire who just happened to be charlie ' s next room access neighbour. charlie and dick gain that battle, but apparently even lamia have relatives who get pissed if you shoot down members of their family line. apparently charlie ' s former bloodsucking succeeding threshold neighbor make a sis who be none too proud of to find out that some kid and an aging actor adventure her sib. so she make up one's mind to take a little bit of revenge. this ends up forcing charlie and peter to conflict the force play of darkness yet again. one of the things that made fright night such a success was chris sarandon who played charlie ' s fashionable side by side threshold neighbor with a taste for descent. fright nighttime part ii attempt to duplicate that modern style but information technology falls sort. while they are stylish, the vamps in this film just don ' thymine cause the personality of the undead in the world class film. with the exclusion of a werewolf who impart some much call for funny easement to a few of the scenes. one bright spot, speaking from a stringently sexist percentage point of view, be traci lin, world health organization plays charlie ' s very skeptical lady friend. it ' s really a ignominy that her career hasn ' t personify intimately since she made this film. ragsdale perform a fair book of job in this photographic film, but doesn ' t give nearly the execution that helium did in the original. roddy mcdowall make the most with what he be given, which unfortunately isn ' t much which be a shame because his role was a lot of playfulness in the original movie. i guess i would have to state that the first pic be a superior production in every elbow room. the original constantly forget you feeling peril was lurking right around the corner, constituent 2 had more of the feel of a music picture. ne'er a good thing for a horror film. another minus for part 2 was the traditional scenes that give the audience on the edge of their seats waiting for something to leap out out of a shadow where really rarified. for that matter, they were almost nonexistent. if i was run low to watch a horror film, this would be far from my first option. the world class fright night, on the early deal, would personify good up near the top of my list. if i was in the mood for a roddy mcdowall film atomic number 53 ' d probably heading to the science fable incision of my local video recording store and rent planet of the apes. either way frighten night region 2 would well nigh likely not enter into the equality. 