star william baldwin; cindy crawford & steven berkoff all right, the first trouble that fair game has live the casting of supermodel cindy crawford in the lead persona. not that cindy does that bad, information technology ' s just now that anyone who watches this film knows from moment one that that little moment of shed was non done because of cindy ' s extraordinary acting skills, only for her extraordinary ability to look drop dead gorgeous in any office. and in fair game most situations tend to find cindy either soaking wet or very hot and sweaty, but iodin ' m sure that that is just a coincidence, no doubt that these situations were crucial to the plot of land and the fact that cindy looks cracking moisture, well, that ' s just a happy coincidence. sure. william baldwin isn ' t a bad actor. unfortunately, atomic number 2 simply doesn ' t demonstrate it at all in this movie. iodin ' meter not sure if that ' s because most of his line were just so hokey, or if helium was assay to make cindy ' s acting flavor serious. if it was the latter, information technology work. cindy does a surprisingly good line of work hither in her initiatory movie. which equal not to tell that she doesn ' t have room for improvement. although to comprise fair to cindy, her lines were kinda cheesy in places. and so right astir now you are no doubt asking yourself what sorting of movie perform cindy crawford, arguably the most beautiful charwoman on the planet, chose for her foray into the earthly concern of cinema? well, i ' megabyte glad you asked that doubt. cindy plays a lawyer who by some twist plot of ground twists becomes a target for former elite group kgb agentive role. why woud they target soul as likable as cindy, you ask? by the end of the movie you bring home the bacon ' thymine care. the story is so contrived information technology isn ' t funny. anyway after cindy gets blown taboo of the window of her house, without get so much as a scratch one might sum, she is placed into protective police hands nether the watchful eventide of william stanley baldwin. world health organization ' s character, max kilpatric, a police detective, seems to have the skills of some sorting of fighting automobile (my guess be that the writers have seen fashion besides many of steven seagal ' reciprocal ohm early films ). the point in time personify that the idea of the crawford and 1st earl baldwin of bewdley ' s characters of the run from these orca russians isn ' thyroxine all that bad of an estimation, it ' s just everything around that basic musical theme which kinda stinks out loud. the support cast members equal cypher more that over acted stereotypes. if one was baldwin, i ' calciferol go for this film disappears. as for thomas crawford, she may indeed have some acting power. unfortunately, any she does have be obscured by indite that goes beyond tough. this movie exist manifestly written with cindy in mind, since the writers spend most of their time get ways to capitalize sour of her looking at. it ' s too unsound they hadn ' t spend more metre on a half decent plot, since ms. crawford is more than up to of look just ticket all by herself thank you rattling much. unless you are a huge fan of either stanley baldwin or thomas crawford this equal a movie that testament only let down you. 