" 1000000 ryan is resistless in the drollery that celebrates sisterhood! , " screams the television ads for " hanging upward, " disastrously written by real - animation sisters delia and nora ephron and sloppily directed by diane keaton. make me laugh again! not only is " hanging up " misadvertised, since the film wholeheartedly center on halfway sister meg ryan and gives her two co - stars, lisa kudrow and diane keaton, little more than extended cameos, merely they get into ' thymine actually hail together until the final ten to fifteen minutes. and we are supposed to believe their firm bond, and smile in the final scene when they rekindle their stony kinship, despite them being apart for the majority of the running meter? excuse me, once more, while i almost break a gut at that unfeignedly delusional whim. eve marks (meg ryan) is the middle mozzell baby, still living in the california township where she mature up, and with a husband (adam arkin) and pre - teenage son (jesse james ). her elderly, wisecrack father, lou (walter matthau, in his brightest performance in years) receive just recently been put into the infirmary, in the concluding stages of what i assume be alzheimer ' mho (even though the film never enlightens us on exactly what is wrong with him ). while eve ' s relationship with her female parent (cloris leachman) is nearly nonexistent, since she ran out on lou and her children year ago, she has sustain her fair portion of up ' s and down ' s with lou, world health organization used to be an alcoholic. her older babe is georgia (diane joseph francis keaton ), an editor for the self - titled clip, " georgia, " while maddy (lisa kudrow) be the young, a soap opera house actress. interestingly, their professions follow given, but we non in one case ever see them work at their jobs, or, for that affair, learn much of anything about them. maddy, georgia, and eve do non see each early much any longer, their adult live on gradually causing them to stray apart, simply they do manage to consistently babble out on the telephone to one another. and they talk. and talk. and public lecture. .. in fact, the telephone be the major sensation of the picture, even more so than ryan, as it appears in virtually every scene of this interminable xcii - minute of arc catastrophe that feels like it 3 hours long. if you are capable to get through the porta half - hr, in which phones telephone thus much you feel like jumping done the screenland and taking a sledgehammer to them, you will sure as shooting survive the rest. the interrogation is, world health organization would need to subjugate themselves to this decisively irritating, self - necessitate pat - on - the - back? how could a comedy - drama that have the star - power of meg ryan, lisa kudrow, and diane joseph francis keaton follow so very unsound in thus many different ways? issue from the past involving the possible jealousy each has had for one of the others is fleetingly land up, but the film isn ' t mature enough to dispense with such a matter in a thoughtful manner, and since we acquire next to nothing about their childhood, information technology is a lost cause that get along off as nothing more than an rethink. also, it is bear that the viewer quickly catch on to the tricky moral force that the three sis have with one another, but no active metamorphosizes. and when they do reunify in the finale, their whole consanguinity be reduced to a abominably irritate three - minute shot in which they argue similar little children. you can reckon the imminent end coming a mile off, and information technology conveniently fall out in the next scene, so that the ternion can chop chop come to terms with themselves, and with each other. you think to yourself: " the only thing left for them to arrange exist have a playful food - fight, " and alike clockwork, information technology also occurs by the end acknowledgment. meg ryan is a versatile actress (take care no farther than 1998 ' s " hurlyburly " or 1994 ' sec " when a man loves a cleaning lady " ), despite her various detractors world health organization cussedly believe all she can do be romantic comedies. with " hanging up, " the only matter she needs to do be completely sever her filmmaking ties with nora ephron, a author / director / hack who shouldn ' t be permit to work in hollywood once more after this big - budget, high pitched - visibility walloping. even if she knew what she was making was not exactly up to equivalence in the quality department, she nonetheless is very good, and the two scenes that forge, flashbacks to christmas 1988, when she had a heartbreaking test - in with her mother, and to halloween 1993, when lou crashed her son ' s birthday party in a drunken stupor, are effective because of the realism ryan brings to the post. diane keaton, as peach state, be intimately as an actress than a film director here, but that is a wildly weakly compliment. what is more than a little far - fetched constitute that keaton is distinctly older than ryan and kudrow, although in the very brief glimpses we get at them as children, she is no more than than five days ryan ' s fourth year. yeah, decent. last, pathetic lisa kudrow has be waste erstwhile once again in a big - screen speculation, after her even more sparse role in 1999 ' s " analyze this. " kudrow isn ' t given enough sentence to create a broad personality with maddy, so it isn ' t her fault she doesn ' t cash register until a few quiet moments besprinkle throughout where she is actually blessed with being given dialogue. if anything, though, kudrow is a real talent, and i apprehensively await the adjacent fourth dimension she be given a role more deserving of her time, as in her brilliantly nuanced, oscar - caliber work in 1998 ' s " the opposite of sex. " if you are a sports fan of kudrow ' s (and who isn ' t? ), do yourself a favor and rent this jewel that puts more than in effect use to kudrow in sixty moment than " hanging up " does in its entirety. as even ' s hardworking husband, adam arkin is, predictably, squandered with a role that gives him side by side to naught to serve, until a subplot reveals itself midway through, only to never be mentioned again. cloris leachman, as with ryan and matthau, piddle a small, merely noticeable impression with her, albeit, rattling abbreviated appearance, while edie mcclurg, as a rosy - cheeked woman lou had an affair with in the christmas 1988 flashback, get by one of the few laughs in this otherwise joyless production. nearly all the emotion displayed within " fall up " are plainly manufactured, and despite the movie wanting the looker to give care astir the characters, apart from eve, wherefore would you want to when they are all spoiled brats? if, for some bizarre, " twilight zona " - type of reason, you find yourself in a motion picture show theater showing this film, my hypnotism would be to string up upward on it before the opening citation are over. articulate information technology is a waste of time be an understatement of epic proportions. 