role pal clowning, role angle - out - of - water write up, section nature tale, meet the deedles is non nearly as interesting as any of those archetypes. in fact, information technology is an invitation you ought to disregard. phil and lather deedle (paul walker and steve vanguard wormer) make up the twin son of the famous millionaire, elton deedle (eric braeden ), founder of deedle enterprises. elton wants his son to be the perfect heirs to his fortune. .. instead the two are regardless hawaiian breakers bums. to set them straight, atomic number 2 enrolls them into a strict wyoming rush summer camp, to which the pair inevitably perish. after several misadventures in wyoming, where the duo is stunned to discover in that respect ' southward no surf, the brother deedle stumble upon a mundane mistaken identity plot of ground. they arrive at yellowstone home green, where they are believed to constitute ii new park ranger recruits. rather than slinking back home and let down their dad, the deedles play on. phil, really, give former motives: the beautiful park texas ranger jesse (a. watt second. langer ), who unluckily happens to be the beloved stepdaughter of the overprotective mungo park ranger captain stephen arnold douglas pine tree (john ashton ). yellowstone river has a problem. it ' s only a week before the famous geyser sure enough faithful celebrates it one billionth natal day, and the park be being overrun with prairie bounder. not barely one operating room two. .. thousands of them. the deedles are attribute to rule out the p. pawl threat, non know that it all embody part of a fiendish plan by dishonored late head ranger frank slater (dennis hopper ). the brothers deedle aren ' t supposed to represent out - and - out stupefied, like the squad from dumb and dumber, operating theater bill and ted. or else, their brainpower just mesh in a different, simpler, realm. a more accurate compare would personify with carrot top in chairperson of the board, a moving picture which, unfortunately, this one resembles in respective outrageous ways. the central problem with meet the deedles embody that information technology simply scarce isn ' t funny remark. there ' s a moment when phil utters the line, " insert laugh hither ", which nigh summarise astir the entire sports meeting the deedles experience. the final result isn ' t bad in a run - shrieking - from - the - field of operations case of way. instead, it ' s just forged in an torturously boring sort of way. the cast seems nice, only they ' re never asked to do anything remotely interesting. instead, the film inundates the audience with infinite shots of people and / or elevator car rolling downhill in the forest, and with constant annoying quotation to early disney film. you ' ll have much better circumstances determine a effective spot to surf in wyoming than feel entertainment in meet the deedles. 