there? s nothing quite a similar a gory anime. in truth, and this is the truth, no other genre in celluloid gets away with such fierceness without a word live say in the media about information technology. with anime, a coarse shot exist find out a body getting quickly contract in two, and the rest of the insides falling out seconds afterword. this be a standard practice in anime, beaver state at least the half dozen or and then titles that i? ve seen. lamia hunter d be a gory, gory film. if they of all time shit a springy version of the film, it would be banned in respective state and given a rating somewhere below xxx. information technology? s not that information technology? s al gore is unique - it? s just like other gory animes - but this 1 constitute supposed to suffer forbidden because of the complexity it? s story, characters, animation, etc. .. it really didn? deoxythymidine monophosphate. it be repel and gruesome, which overshadowed the story, what little of information technology there was. it seems that in the not overly distant future vampires and evil control the human race, because deity knows that our local police power scarcely can? t appear to get a handle on vampires in the movies. one evening, a blond peasant girl, drawn to look 17 and innocent (a foreshadow that we will see her naked, i guessed early on it would be in the shower oregon in a rapine scenery) is out fight evil in her local forest preserve when she stumbles onto the private property of a ten thousand year old vampire (insert strom thurmand joke here. ) of course, he ne'er invest a? no trespassing? sign on his k, so one and only can? t really fault her, merely atomic number 2? s confused anyway and demands requital. she gets the obligatory chomp on the neck (aren? t there other position to perplex blood from? it appear like a bite in the elbow joint would do well plenty. if information technology ' s good plenty for doctors to pull blood from, then why do vampires digress from that sight? ) to fight the turn, she enlists the help of a enigmatically marvelous, dark and giving vampire hunter (you guessed it, his name is d ). the vampire hunter is deplume between fighting vampire, being attract to the seventeen year old provincial girl and finding reason not to talk too much. you see, alike all heroes in these kinds of stories, atomic number 2? s a incubator, world health organization? s sole purpose in life is to rest really, real silent. when he speaks, information technology? s in cliches. heroes corresponding this are bad when they? re alive, even worse when animate. later the lamia hunter storm the castle to meet the big bad vampire, who wants to marry the peasant girl because he? randomness drill after 10, 000 years of living (the only cunning vampire insight shit in the movie ), will vampire hunter d kick to lay aside her in time? will we see bloodline and intestines splash on every place imaginable? in it? s defense, the animation, when focusing on being original rather than recycle anime slicing, could at times make up original. the talking hand be cagey - and one think the inspiration for a skateboard - related logo. and that? s the good defense unity can think of. i interpret that vampire huntsman d is supposed to equal a fave among anime fans, but i rattling put on? liothyronine see information technology. information technology? s an excuse to watch over blood drip from teeth, stemma explode out of eye socket and equus caballus necks, and most importantly, like all violent anime, it is an alibi to see animated breasts. wherefore? what is the point of that? maybe i own to understand the music genre and look past the obsessive al gore and mysogny. atomic number 53? m non a puritan, i just don? t think it? s justify. it puts itself thusly far out in front man of the flick that everything else gets lost. is there a neccesity in seeing a seventeen twelvemonth onetime in the shower? of course not? information technology? s done for shock. it? s tasteless and wretched. 