there were iv motion picture show that make jamie lee curtis the title of " sidesplitter queen " in the early ' 80. two of them were halloween movies, but the other two - - prom nighttime and little terror develop - - were the uninspired knockoff that came directly after the success of hallowe'en. the same " idol, 1 ' g scared, there ' s some guy in a mask coming after maine " everyday she did in john carpenter ' s classic, jamie lee copies hither, with none of the urgency or suspense. terror train takes lieu on (where else?) a power train, chart by some pre - med students finishing their first four years of in high spirits education. most of them get ahead ' t earn information technology to med schooling, though, and it ' s obvious from the foreshadowing done when the conductor complains, " i wish to hell they ' d put a radio on that train. " the conductor character probably has the most short letter of anyone, even jamie tsung dao lee. from the beginning, he ' s talking his school principal off (he tells one of his cobalt - workers " think on this - - when ' s the last time someone build a shopping mall adjacent to a train station? " as if information technology form any form of sense) and information technology only gets better as he rent himself in an argument about the benefit of railway system over recreational vehicles. of course, the loudmouth conductor cost the world class person to find a bloody body, which is and so gone when helium work a disbelieving trainman backward to view it. iodine forgot to mention the prologue. it ' s a party iii year earlier, with the like group of students. two of them play a trick on a geeky frat assurance, promising him he ' s going to get laid. they station jamie lee astir to stand behind the bed and talk to the geek as helium comes in, noticing a grade on the bed. she say, " snog maine, kenny, " and he kisses the dead body on the bottom, which happens to be a cadaver. ( " ohio my god, they killed kenny! you bastards! " ) it ' s a sick trick, and one jamie tsung dao lee wasn ' t let in on. she nevertheless hasn ' t forgiven the guy cable as they board the terror gearing (" you asshole, you can ' t consume a upright fourth dimension without hurting somebody! " ). the violent death come out before the train even get out the station. since it ' s young twelvemonth ' s, everyone ' s eroding disguises (a convenient plot device we ' ve seen before ), and someone dig the cat in the julius marx mask when no ace ' s looking. at least 1 of the characters says it ' s a groucho masquerade; when the orca dons it and steps alongside, it looks like cistron shalit world health organization, by the elbow room, would make a great killer in a slasher flick. speech production of weird - looking dorks world health organization still prevail on the amusement scene, matchless of terror wagon train ' randomness virtually famous gimmicks is the appearance of david copperfield " as the necromancer, " who regails those aboard with illusions set to disco music. and then there ' s his greatest trick - - getting laid with pilus that take care similar that. for all information technology attempt at visual style and substance, scourge train is to a greater extent lionel than amtrak, more than prom night than halloween, and nothing real deserving watching. only die - toilsome fans of jamie rose louise hovick curtis and david copperfield (if he truly suffer any sports fan) should even attempt to watch information technology. and information technology construct me wonder if a horror movie adjust in an rv could be much bad. ane mean value, when was the last time someone work up a shopping mall next to a train post, anyhow? brat train is definitely the cinematic equivalent of a sleeper railway car. 