daughter 6 be, in a scripture, a mess. i be never able to set what lace lee was examine to accomplish with this film. there was no sense of where the picture show was proceed, or any kind of coherent narrative. if there was a point to the film, iodin miss it. girl 6, by the way, embody the fashion theresa randle ' s fictitious character is addressed in the phone sexual urge workplace; totally the girl are known by their numbers pool. the plot, such as it is: mother theresa randle exist a struggle n. atomic number 39. actress, and eventually takes a business as a phone - sexual activity operator. she begins to lose inter group communication with realness, as her job consumes her. also, she must deal with the advances of her antique - husband (isiah washington ). he is an ex - con thief, and she examine to keep him off, while at the like time, it ' s clear that she nonetheless entertain feel for him. her neighbour, jemmy (spike lee) function as the observer; mediating between the antique - husband and girl 6. helium besides function as a point of stability, as atomic number 2 watches her become seduced by the lurid public of earpiece sex. the soundtrack, consist of sung dynasty by prince, was jar. it kept taking my tending from the film - not altogether a speculative thing, i ' ll ulysses grant you, as what be transpiring onscreen wasn ' t that centre. for contribution of the midsection of the photographic film, the music stayed blissfully in the screen background. in the scuttle sequence and matchless fit later in the film, however, the music was particularly gimcrack and distract. of course, i ' ve never really like for prince ' sec (or tafkap if you care) music. prince fan power love the soundtrack, but it will probably equal cark, yet to die - operose fans. of the performances, the only i that bear taboo live spike lee ' due south buddy character, jimmy. he was excellent as the constantly - broke neighbour of girl 6. he should have stuck to act in this film. there equal various sequences that gave maine the impression that helium ' 500 like to be oliver stone when he grows up. there are scenes shot with different types of motion picture show, which be by choice grainy, and reminiscent of some of the scenes in oliver oliver stone ' s raw born killers. in that film, they work to move the narrative. in this moving picture, they simply made pine tree state more confused. in that respect be some mirthful instant, and a few brainwave into the liveliness of the women who employ their voices to stimulate the phone - sex industry the multi - zillion dollar diligence that it has become. other than that, though, nothing much happens. on that point are a few intense moments, as when 1 caller becomes frightening, but yet that is quite lackluster. i ' thousand not the large fan of capitulum lee, though i ' five hundred agree that he has done some very good piece of work in the past tense. in girl 6, though, atomic number 2 seems to be floundering. he take an interesting musical theme, a fairly just setup, and seemed to wander aimlessly from there. girlfriend 6 earns a grade of vitamin d. 