darren (jason biggs ), wayne (steve zahn ), and joule. d. (jack shameful) cause been best friends since the fifth grade. similar the three musketeers, they ' ve be unitedly through thick and thin. but, when darren cope with an attractive, just cold - blood and manipulative, psychiatrist, book of judith (amanda peet ), the farseeing time friendship is placed in risk. information technology ' s up to wayne and j. d. to rescue their best friend in " saving silverman. " " silverman " experience it heart in the correct office, but the story, by newcomers hank nelken and greg depaul, is excessively lightweight to sustain the story of the battle for darren ' s soul. base on their experience of a friend reach a major marital mistake, the story be centered on the three, life long amigos. when wayne introduces darren to judith, he doesn ' t realize that he has give a pandora ' s loge of disaster for himself and j. d. judith was once in a family relationship where her young man be the prevalent figure until he died in a kick boxing match. since then, she has sought a young mate - someone she can emboss around and mold into her own vision. enter darren silverman. once they realize the order of magnitude of their mistake in judgement, john wayne and j. d. try everything they bathroom, including threats and bribery, to get book of judith to barren darren. zip cultivate until the duo amount up with a design - kidnap judith and make darren back together with the girl he called his one and only, pretty sandy perkus (amanda detmer ). the alone job here is that sandy is about to take her vows to become a conical buoy. things gyrate out of ascendance as judith repeatedly attempts to get out while wayne and j. five hundred. play cupid. the boys even bring their beau ideal, neil diamond, into the picture to avail solve things. thinking astir it, this personify a real mishmash of contrivance and concurrence that is held unitedly only by the comedic efforts of steve zahn and seaman black. the pair be able to elicit the film ' s only express mirth with their goofy antics and child - like behavior. they are submit to provide slapstick guy humor and the two are more than adequate to the task. steve zahn has be steadily honing his comedic play skills and commit some complexness to wayne, the " brain " of the gang. jack dim has the big - guy move of a chris farley, give joule. d. an risible physical presence. the neat matter is that the two actors are able to incur refreshed laughs from stale material. the rest of the cast doesn ' t menu equally well, though. jason biggs is the unbowed man of the musketeers and gets very little to arrange; though having watched his premature celluloid (" american proto indo european " and " also ran ") i ' m not sure what attraction biggs really hold. amanda peet is caustic as the manipulative judith. there be no humanity at all to her character as she individual - mindedly strives to recreate darren into her mind ' s prototype. she ' s a monster that anthony wayne and j. five hundred. must defeat to save their friend. unluckily, there is no property to her role. amanda detmer brings nothing (or dumbfound nothing) as darren ' s one and only if. r. lee ermey, as the psychotic coach, score a speculative decision take this role. tune - meister neil diamond gives a good - natured cameo perf as the boys ' graven image and savior. production value are on par with the rest of the film - lackluster and non - postulate. music director dennis dugan get a track record for encompassing drollery with celluloid corresponding " big daddy " and " beverly hills ninja, " simply falls flat with " saving silverman. " the 2001 movie yr take in still to supply us with a " good " film to sink our tooth into. at least, with " spare silverman, " we get a couple of funny perfs from zahn and black. to a fault bad that the relaxation of the plastic film lacks their level of humor. kick package deaths and infringe nuns are non the makings of a good drollery. i give it a one hundred -. 