k'ung futzu in one case enunciate, " governing a nation is like cooking a humble pisces the fishes - - don ' t overdo it. " his maxim might be easily apply to writing a drollery script, for quantity concluded quality is 1 of the worst mistakes an inexpert scribe can make. granted, mike judge, author - director of the work satire office space isn ' t exactly an amateur (his to the highest degree notorious study, the mtv series " beavis and butt - top dog " be pure gold for its network ). only unfailingly, judge manages to make some rather unforgivable mistake in office space by spreading an iffy plot of land over too much ground. the iffiness in evaluator ' s plot - - a group of coworkers design the precipitation of their unworthy boss - - equal not in its appeal. in fact, based on the popularity of scott samuel adams ' cartoon " dilbert, " which will soon get it own television serial publication, a satirical view of the american workplace be a red hot item in hollywood. unluckily the conception lends itself to skit - length sequences which would be more than at home on the set of " saturday night exist " rather than a full - length lineament. the most convincing grounds of this are the house trailer for authority space, which sport almost all of the movie ' s top content; this leaves the actual picture appearing rattling deflated. other evidence of office blank space ' s failure to work follow it want of good jokes. the comedy represent marginally funny at best, simply not plenty to get a jam packed house of house - goers to laugh out loud. the material in the movie is on - winder for an older demographic than judge is used to point, and this could partially explicate his work hither. however, the movie equal load with too many misfires - - include the souvenir plot - - to allow for any exculpation. the plot centers around three or tetrad cubicled engineers, headed improving by prick gibbon (ron livingston ), at a ship's company named initech. after the movie elaborately establishes the abject functional stipulation at initech, the movie introduces us to two consultant (john c. mcginley and paul willson) which are in charge of " downsizing " the party ' s payroll. when simon peter and his crew learns of this, as well as the cause behind it - - so their smooth talking boss bill lumbergh (gary cole) ' s stock will run low upwards - - they set about creating a plan to understand his downfall. the circumstances that keep an eye on were obviously intended to be hilarious merely they come out as anything but. a kindly cast and a woolly jennifer aniston - as - love - interest subplot are totally that maintain this ace in concert, but it ' s definitely missable in place of something more intelligent. 