according to the promotional material material, with this moving picture the directors " hope to bushel unspoiled onetime - fashioned bowling to its rightful place in the mainstream of american awareness. " hmm. you ne'er love, they just might constitute on to something. what with the emanation of geek chic, waiting area music and seventies way, the ever - contrary tike of the nineties might just latch on to bowling as another terminally unhip bastion of tackyana to claim as their own. but then, i incertitude if kingpin leave have anything to do with it. information technology ' s cheesy all rightfulness, just connoisseurs of bad taste leave find this motion picture show exudes that bland look of cold jokes rather than the invigorating stink of true kitsch. that ' s a shame, because, in the initiative ten spot minutes or thus the film promises to live a mickle more. woody harrelson plays the hotshot bowler on the raise, roy munson. the motion picture show open in the fifty dollar bill with roy ' s dad dishing stunned the reader ' s digest / gumpian soundness in scoopful, careen to the seventy for a screaming spoof of saturday night fever. the sardonic quality of the proceedings represent lots heighten by the presence of bill murray, as the delectably slimy big ern mcracken. it ' s thanks to murray that the first quarter of kingpin seems so good - helium gives the wry, jeering edge to this other than sooner unfocused drollery. mccracken dupes munson into a hustling job, then abandons him to an furious mob who mangle roy ' s hand. then information technology ' s fast forward 17 class later when munson is a fertile, balding loser with a prosthetic rubber script. helium ' s hopeless until he meet ishmael (ruttish quaid ), an amish amateur bowler that munson takes on as protege. indeed in concert they plant out for the million dollar bowling tourney in reno, plunk astir pretty hustler claudia (vanessa angel) on the way. with the exit of bill gilbert murray, the filmmakers seem to have only if matchless direction to sound, and that ' s. .. dumb and dumber. yes, indeed, kingpin be bring to you by those forward looking proponent of laxative humour, peter and bobby farrelly, the theatre director of the aforementioned jim carrey vehicle. so, prepare for much slaparound comedy with fly pencil eraser hands, distended nipples, nonsensical pilus and taurus semen. get set for stock pisces the fishes - stunned - of - water situations when city - boy roy puts on a beard and tries to blend in with the amish community, or when suaku straitlaced ishmael takes on smoking, striptease and unchristian neighbour - socking. now, father ' t get maine wrong, there ' reciprocal ohm aught wrong with flashy humor, and ace had my fair share of lavatorial laughs with woody and randy. the fuss is that these joke aren ' t bold oregon funny enough to force back a movie that bumbles on without much sense of direction. information technology lurches from sportsman movie to amish - mocking to route - trip to sentimental melodrama, (pausing for a broadside spoof of indecent proposal, and many shameless plugs for the accompanying pop soundtrack ), ne'er quite getting it all together. some gags come down flat from a lack of build - upward, while there be bits and pieces in the motion picture show that just assume ' t coiffure anything. wherefore the long, unfunny fight in the car park? why 2 of these? wherefore come that guy clothing mascara, beaver state that guy have a glass bowl ball with a rose in it? the film is good of these half - thought - through ideas that grant the impression of any old gaffer, grip oregon makeup creative person throwing in random stuff and nonsense and saying, " wouldn ' tetraiodothyronine that be funny? ". easily, no, actually. the role player don ' t do the moving picture show much favour either. woody harrelson number off ok, plausibly acting dumb, bright, cynical or innocent when the implausible script calls for it, but randy quaid be a ceaseless jambon, and vanessa angel has no talent (corresponding schwarzenegger, she seems more convincing playing a computer - creation than a human - - take the tv series weird scientific discipline. .. please ) . still murray hams information technology up when atomic number 2 reappears in the moving picture show ' s climax. all in all, a fairly useless attempt at comedy, and a certifiable no - hoper at kickstarting the bowling rebirth. we ' ll have to seem to a reinspired toilet amniotic fluid, surgery perhaps person from pop nether (" strictly bowling ", anyone?) for the definitive bowling comedy. the flying ink bottle ' mho paygrade system: * delay for the video. * * a little creaky, but still better than staying at place with gotcha! * * * passably in effect, bring a protagonist. * * * * amazing, strong hooey. * * * * * beau ideal. watch it twice. 