did i do something bad? i moldiness have, because sitting through this movie equal sheer penalization. here ' s the secret plan. ricky (jeff goldblum) be manufacturer of the good - bargain network, one of those 24 - 60 minutes home shopping tv channel. the new boss (robert loggia) plans to can ricky ' s behind if he doesn ' t flex the previous months ' flat sales numbers around, and to add to his trouble, ricky also have to work with kate (kelly preston ), the ivy league wunderkind whom the honcho has brought with him. kate and ricky don ' t get along and don ' t get any great ideas until they assemble g (eddie murphy ), a medium who sees something positively charged in everything. his soothing voice and simple logic makes people find good, and information technology ' s this quality that testament stool g the new gbn boob tube star and the key to the network ' sec achiever. the 1st problem is a flaw in the patch. sure enough, g makes the great unwashed feel good. for certain, we ' re told that most masses feel hangdog after buying an impulse item, no matter how wealthy they power be, and i ' ll even believe that g talks a talk that allows people to feel good astir what they ' ve bought. but, hey, that ' s after they ' ve grease one's palms information technology. why make out sales skyrocket the first sentence gee is on camera? far from trying to sell the product, g instead blathers on astir how you get into ' thyroxine even require the thing. someone please tell maine how this be supposed to move ware in the foremost place. you might say that people finger skillful astir what they ' ve bought, so they come rearwards and by more than, but due to the simple fact that the first round of sale in inexplicable, i ' m not win over this is what the filmmakers had in mind. the whole movie be therefore seriously undermined because the primal point in the plot is never believable. another problem equal in the humor. you know, if you watch that eddie white potato is in a movie, ane think it is not inordinate for you to expect that the plastic film is a clowning. whoa, spouse, are you in for a surprisal. holy man is not funny. murphy, the one asset you ' d cerebrate this flick has (remember how they fetch him in at the last second to hold open best defense? - then again, peradventure you don ' t) is badly dominate in. the script gives him almost nothing to mould with, and it seems as though director stephen herek kept him modulate downwardly so that the other doer in the moving picture wouldn ' t live leave behind as window dressing. there ' s only 1 moment in the moving picture show where spud is earmark to let idle, and it lasts for three yelled word of god, which seem totally out of place as a answer. pitiful. in all, there are about three jokes that work in the intact characterisation, and they ' re non even that great. as a incline note, there be some cameo appearances such as dan marino pitching a convenience which allows you to fudge off of your car engine, and james brownness introduce a medic - rattling device that shouts " help me! " just like the hardest work out humankind in show line at the push of a button, but these never have your personal jest - group o - meter to come up above the level of soft bemusement. " well, " you ask, " for certain there mustiness be some convincing carrying out to make up for the deficiency of humor. " think again, polygonum fagopyrum. jeff goldblum disappoints. kelly preston is flat (just not similar that ). robert loggia, in the kind of role for which helium has been nigh typecast, can ' t coiffe anything with information technology. the script is theatrical role of the problem, but these actors get into ' t even look same they believe in the move they ' re qualification. they look a lot like they ' ray tire. just similar the audience. thence what perform you have when the humor is absent from your comedy, and the playing is similar the siberian steppes? a film that drags more than than a dropped anchor. just wait! as if these problems don ' thyroxin make the film tedious plenty, the screenplay ' s tempo makes the picture even slower! information technology takes the entire 1st half hour to establish the flick ' randomness premise, then more time as the film wades done a tortuous (and seemingly mandatory) romance between ricky and kate, and a sub - plot involve a conniving pr man (eric mccormack) who wants to discredit g and film over ricky ' s job as producer. when the pr guy ' s program is thwart, the photographic film is climaxes, we ' re cover to that petty epilogue, and and so we can all go home, right? haywire. the movie last on for another half hour! continental drift is the indy d compare to the pace of holy gentleman! the only thing holy place about holy human will surely be the issue of people exclaim " sanctum! @ #% that picture was awful! " this peerless is for the truly pious. 