warning: may contain flimsy mild spoilers. grass: r for intense violence / gore, some inviolable sexuality and spoken language. starring: benedict arnold schwarzeneggar, robin tunney, rod stieger, gabriel byrne. running meter: 132 minutes we go into a movie theater, microphone boom! the lights go depressed, our heart raceway, we go done ten bit of trailer and finally the movie we ' ve be waiting to see for a prospicient time comes on. we model thither, watch in unbelief that this movie be as risky as it is. why shouldn ' t i have make out what i exist getting myself into. again comparable this retiring summer hit " stigmata ", " oddment of days " may live worse. it ' s not same this is any kind of original idea, information technology just discombobulate in some " rosemary ' s baby ", along with " the the tempter ' s advocate " a little " exorciser " and some " stigmata " here and on that point. whala you have " end of days " a movie that cost super disappointing and by the previews made it look terrific. unhappily but truly over again like most late films, all the good theatrical role are in the trailers. the plot which be very confusing at times is also very ludicrous and the movie be intend to be a hit in the foremost weekend, and fall through in the future. jericho cane (arnold schwarzneggar in hit typical butch role) is a cop who finds out that he is chosen to track down satan (living in gabriel byrnes body) and halt him from impregnating christine york (robin tunney) because if he does, and she gives birth all existence as we get laid information technology will cease to exist. he has to do this before it turns into the year 2000, and strangely helium ' s trying to fight him little phoebe minutes before 2000 come. he seek help from the catholic church and help from rod stieger (in a rattling role) and examine to relieve this girl leading to an ending that ' s satisfying, just turns into a typical action motion picture show. that ' s pretty much it on game. information technology does have the razzle dazzle and dazzle of a smashing legal action motion picture show, and with the 100m buck budget parts seem to show it, parts you have to enquire where all the money went. as for arnie? safe role, ok performance. iodine think since he is getting a little sure enough atomic number 2 is held spine a lot of his stunts. the thing that disappointed pine tree state comprise the fact that there be nada to the film. in the trailers information technology bet like a good scary, action moving picture and ends up cost a boring, long and absurd dramatic event that leads into something else that leaves us with questions. gabriel byrnes (who ironically played a non christian priest in " stigmata ") here represent devil and give a good performance but once more seems held back and not into his character. 2 years back al pacino gave a marvelous carrying into action in the fun " the devil ' s advocate " and hither it seem like the estimate of him is in the fictitious character likewise. robin gene tunney (great execution as always) play satan ' s main person whom he wants to knock up to carry his child. of course pole stieger gives another great performance which rattling isn ' metric ton nothing new. the counsel by prick hyams is at sentence a bit overblown, though not nearly as the visual style embody in " brand ". here we make up give great camera work, and some great scenes that be terrifically directed but sadly just put on ' t work in this pic. the script written by andrew marlowe has a few witty line of credit, simply again the movie is all style and no substance and by the ending finale climax iodin exist quick to fit home. only a few things work hither and those are a few of the performances, the writing and visual style, just the plot line and the ruined mathematical product don ' t work equally well. the distressing thing is that " end of day " had so many things break for it. the plot could make live more than organized, the natural process scenes could take been more brainy and less heed - numbing. at sentence it seems like " armageddon " and depart to set out old and tiresome. hollywood is incline away of ideas bad, and similar i ' ve always enounce before needs new ones. even with its 100m budget " end of day " cost less than pleasing. in fact the 100m buck budget be at least 30m over, and easily could have had a 70m budget. perhaps i sound crazy, but i be really looking forward to the new exorcist motion picture, and hope that they make it as good as the original. we need to get new ideas and stop recycling old ones precisely to make money at the box - office. we require to get more than films like " the blair witch project " that could frighten the great unwashed to death, while people thinking well what exactly is scaring them and how do i know that it is in fact the blair wiccan. overblown core, stupefied and slender plot - rail line, good operation, disappointing. .. . umm yup those moderately much describe " remainder of days ". 