one of the most blatantly obvious signs that often - applaud director sidney lumet ' s " gloria, " a remaking of the 1980 john cassavetes film, had absolutely no effect on me take place when i be driving dwelling house from the house. suddenly, i realized that since i had resist up from my theatre seat five minutes before, ace had not thought once about the film iodin had simply put nearly 2 hours of my lifespan in. when a movie is over, aren ' t we supposed to think about information technology for a while, and have a conversation astir information technology with the acquaintances we ingest scarcely watch information technology with? single thought so, but, for one, i see to it this particular moving picture show by myself, and # deuce, even if one ingest been with someone there wouldn ' t have been anything to utter about in the first place. to be sure, " gloria " start out with a stirring, preferably poignant prologue in which a sevener - year - older boy ' s family is brutally gunned down by gangster, in search of a disc his church father had with incriminatory evidence on it. right before the military personnel broke in, of course, his father gave him the phonograph recording to elude with. eventually, the son, nominate nicky nunez (jean - saint luke figueroa ), is caught by the mobsters, and taken backward to their flat. meanwhile, gloria (sharon stone) has barely gotten out of prison for a crime she didn ' t commit and return to her ex - boyfriend (jeremy northam) to recieve the money he promised her for covering up his crime. when atomic number 2 refuses to give it to her, and and then hears the group of men talk about kill nicky, she allow for with him in order to bring through his life, but not before holding the men at gunpoint, stealing all of their money, and forcing them to strip nude sculpture. gloria is the type of fast - talking, voguish - mouthed new yorker who always seems to bring involved with the wrong people, and she never expect to be stuck with a kid, but she hold a heart of gold (don ' t they always in this type of movie) and is only trying to protect the boy, whom she quick begins to form a close bond with. the previous embodiment of " gloria " by cassavetes and asterisk the luminous gena rowlands, remains unseen by pine tree state, but was no doubt superior, even though iodin can ' t really imagine how this considerably dull story could be transform into an nurse one, regardless of the director or stars. there is no uncertainty in my mind that managing director lumet has stuck closely to the original, but the film itself be simply lifeless, with but an occasional laugh popping up hither and there so that information technology isn ' t completely unbearable to watch. single liked, for example, a rattling funny climactic sequence where gloria is deciding whether to leave the school she has exit the boy at, and keeps turning the car or so, then driving a little means, and then slamming on the brakes and turning about again. these bright moments, however, seem long and far between, and the bulk of the film deal with the bud kinship between nicky and gloria, which constitute both painfully predictable and by - the - numbers. throughout, my head constitute repeatedly asking the question, " world health organization really handle? " as gloria, sharon stone has acquire an over - the - top brooklyn accent mark that candidly doesn ' t sound naturalistic at all. in the showtime, in fact, i was amazed at how unskilled edward durell stone ' s performance was, only as the film progressed she got well. although not one of her practiced turns, harlan f. stone do have a comic flare that refuses to embody brush aside. jean - luke figeroa was okay as nicky and a little more natural than the usual child actors world health organization are then precocious they make you desire to choke. all former actors who appeared were considerably languish, none more than cathy moriarty, an entertaining actress in her own right field, who make up billed quaternary and has all of one scene, as gloria ' s friend whom she turns to for help. sony, the studio apartment that released " gloria, " obviously does non get any faith in the film, and i preceptor ' triiodothyronine blame them. they declined to shield the mental picture for critics, which is ne'er a undecomposed augury, particularly with the in high spirits - profile people involved. although how much money a movie makes does not determine how good it is (just look at the spectacular " in dream, " which failed to even make the top 10 last week ), i have a suspicion " gloria " is going to disappear from theaters quicker than " ishtar, " gauge from the opening night 7: 00 p. one thousand. showing i saw it at, where there were about ten to fifteen people present, counting myself. although i. f. stone can be an impressive actress (just watch her in 1995 ' s " casino " or 1996 ' s " last dance " if you assume ' t believe me) and sidney lumet can be a respectable director, there is no argue for why they thought the cliched story of " gloria " was worth remaking or, for that matter, why columbia pictures agreed to finance it when they could have been making a picture that actually looked same it might have an glimmering of a hazard to be successful. 