there are scenes in " the big strike " that are so awful, they simply defy verbal description. the movie be infected with the same sort of blunderheaded idiocy and misplace sureness that made " last place natural process hero " (1993) such a chore to sit through. presumably, " the liberal hit " is an natural action - funniness, a difficult merely not impossible genre to draw in off. movies of this sort require a fine residue and deliberate tone, and the comedy be usually stand for to wreak as purgation for the violence. " lethal arm 2 " (1989) is a double dyed example of an military action thriller that was also very, really peculiar. alas, in " the big hitting, " it appear that funniness is the main motive, and the violence be only intend to punctuate the laughs. unfortunately, there be no gag. the moving picture show resembles some of the goofy, throwaway ridiculousness of former jackie chan films, but information technology doesn ' t welfare from chan ' mho unbelievable stunt and goofy, charismatic presence. instead, we are left with a caboodle of digital effects and mark wahlberg, who must have considered himself unvanquishable after his critically - acclaimed execution in last year ' s " boogie nights. " nevertheless, if helium wants to maintain a decent career, helium had intimately start selecting his projects to a greater extent carefully - movies like this are a sure - fervor recipe for a foresightful career in the uncoiled - to - video marketplace. wahlberg plays melvin smiley, an amiable guy cable who also happens to be a professional hitman (control " grosse pointe lacuna " for the like character, much well developed ). the picture show want united states to think, " gee how clever and ironic - a guy who rear wipe out without any moral implications, and all the same he can ' t stand for anyone not to like him. " the fact is, melvin personify so desperate to keep people from not liking him, that he puts up with both an objectionable fiancee (christina applegate, with a fearsome new house of york emphasis) and an abusive lady friend (lela rochon) world health organization is solely using him for his money. his constant bending over backwards to please mass makes him a complete gull at easily, and a exhaustively unbelievable role at worst. melvin be employed exclusively by a crime boss named city of light (avery brook) as part of a squad of hitmen, which also includes lake herring (lou adamant phillips) and crush (bokeem woodbine ). unity day, melvin agrees to do some moonlighting with cisco by kidnapping the teenage daughter of a robust japanese top executive diagnose jiro nishi (sab shimono) for a jillion dollar ransom. all the same, non only has jiro nishi fall back all his money acquire a cock a hoop hollywood film (privileged joke, get it? ), but his kidnapped daughter, keiko (china chow ), also happens to be paris ' goddaughter. thusly, when capital of france get hold out she ' s been kidnapped, he takes it personally and becomes determined to find out who serve information technology. not screw the cisco exist in reality behind the unanimous scheme, paris puts him in charge of rooting out the kidnapper. of course coregonus artedi find fault the whole affair on poor, innocent melvin. along the way, there make up several obligatory gunfights, explosions, and car chases, plus a genuine cliffhanger inspired by " jurassic period park, " and a completely unlikely romance between melvin and keiko (world health organization looks like she ' s barely pushing xv ). what the moving picture passes off as humor resorts to thoroughly unfunny jokes about overweight jewish mothers, hara - kiri, drinking problem, leak out body bags, and a running jest astir how compaction has recently divulge the pleasures of masturbation, and now spends all his time doing hand exercises. non to mention the pimply video store clerk who is constantly calling melvin and screeching about how he needs to refund his copy of " king kong life, " which is two calendar week overdue. this mess of a flick was helm by che - kirk wong, the latest hong kong director imported by john woo (" grimace / off " ), who also answer as executive producer. woo needs to hold on playacting as a conduit for other managing director, and start making more of his ain films. wong, who take such films as " rock ' n ' roll cop " rearwards in hong kong, is all tone deaf when information technology come to comedy. maybe jokes astir pesky video clerks and upchuck on other mass are funny across the ocean, but they ' re non here, at least in the manner wong handles them. many of the problems can embody traced back to the script, which equal penned by obvious first year writer ben ramsey. in addition to his undefined characterizations and sterile action sequences, ramsey ' s book assaults the interview with his attempts to copy the vulgar, poetical rhythms of quentin tarantino or mamet - style dialogue. what atomic number 2 comes out with personify but a lot of rag blatherskite, most of which spews from the lips of lou diamond phillips (whose favorite phrase is " it ' s all love ") and robin dunne, who plays cisco ' s stuttering, black - wannabe help. the irritation element of phillips and dunne combine is almost off the scale of measurement, which derriere pretty much describe the film as a unit. 