" the flushed violin " is a cold, aseptic feature that provide you uninvolved and detach. it ' s a picture show that seem almost clinical, as it traces the three hundred - plus - years story of the legendary musical instrument of the title. opening in the seventeenth century, the narrative read how violin - creator nicolo bussotti created the instrument as a natural endowment for his unborn boy. but when tragedy strikes, the fiddle becomes the incarnation of it manufacturing business ' s grief. from on that point the violin comes into the hands of an orphaned child prodigy at an austrian monastery. again, catastrophe smasher as the child is coin down at the moment of his victory. we keep up the violin through with the one c as it finds a home in england and in monoamine oxidase ' s communist red china before being discovered by expert jacques alexandre cesar charles morritz (samuel l. jackson ), who mounts a painstaking investigation to prove its genuineness. the violin go morritz ' s fixation, just as information technology be for all those world health organization meet on a montreal auction family to bid on information technology. morritz, nevertheless, is the alone ace who knows the closed book of the instrument and can understand and appreciate its god almighty ' s intent. " the flushed fiddle " could have exist a touching, inspirational report, as soaring as a beethoven symphony. however director francois girard fails to make believe any emotional connexion with the looker. here is a story that could have made enjoyment of diverse photographic camera angles and lighting to sharpen its encroachment. stephen girard, for some unknown reason, uses generally principal shots, keep his tv camera - and thus us - at a distance. we induce no tone for the miracle that is the violin. information technology ' s resonance, its purity of sound exist not emphasized plenty to make an printing. nor follow any of the performances memorable. information technology ' s as if girard wanted totally his actors to play 2d violin to his violin. " the red fiddle " promises much, only delivers little. it be obtuse at times, a bit ostentatious and a might murky. the pic ' s music soar upwards ended its story and performers. and that constitute its only saving grace. 