" first team blues " is the best film of 1999 thus far. unfortunately, it make up also the initiatory moving picture i have seen from 1999. it is another one of those small - town sports movie that involve a flawed, but salutary - heartedfrom 1999. information technology is another one of those small - town sportswoman moving picture show that involves a flawed, simply good - hearted protagonist; a jolty and ungenerous coach; and the " big game. " by the end, leave the underdog overcome great odds and triumph? bequeath everyone in the township turn against the coach? will the squad win the climactic game? do cats bathe themselves on a regular basis? the thus - called " hero " in question is john moxin (james van der beek ), a senior at west canaan high school who plays for the first team football game squad, but is really barely desire to get a scholarship at brown university so that he can get out of the dead - end town. at least he ' s got the correct idea, since west canaan, texas is portrayed in the film as, frankly, pitiful, with the unscathed town treat the weekly football game game as the 2nd coming. heck, in one scene, the front thomas nelson page of the townspeople ' s newspaper is proclaiming about the west promised land badgers ' big come through the night before. when the team ' s star quarterback be severely injured, tear the ligaments in his stage, john finds himself taking over as the team ' s leader, but his few minutes of glory do non last long, as he begins to sustain problems with his girlfriend (amy smart) when she discovers he spent an evening with another girl (ali larter ). and after stay out all night with his drinking buddies at a strip joint (all of the teenager in the film are portrayed as raging alcoholics ), the team loses their second - to - last secret plan, putting privy at feud with the coach (jon voight who, like gary oldman, be overstaying his welcome in the typecasted part as the " bad guy " ). worse yet, the passenger vehicle is threaten to smash john ' s eruditeness chance if the badgers don ' t win their final game. the plotting of " varsity blues " comprise equally former as the james jerome hill, and arrest every cliche in the book. admittedly, i was never precisely bored while one be look out it, merely i hasten to add that i was rarely ever so entertained. throughout, all i could really consider of is how virtually the like exact story had been shoot with a bully deal more musing and matureness in 1983 ' s " altogether the correct movement. " one of the biggest problems i had with the moving picture is how little of sake any of the characters actually equal, least of all certainly not john, who, played by van der beek (of tv ' s " dawson ' s creek " ), is fairly much a bore without any piquant qualities. while i probably shouldn ' t incrimination this on van der beek, since the inauspicious and " by - the - numeral " screenplay by w. peter iliff isn ' tetraiodothyronine of any help, he is yet for certain not in the league of tom sail in " completely the right motion. " the story revolving around john, meanwhile, is extemely thin throughout, particularly for its 104 - minute running clock time, and information technology alternates between uninspired comic relief (as in when the students view their sex education teacher working as a stripper at the nine) and backbreaking - handed melodrama. the romance between privy and his girlfriend had the potential to be an adequate subplot, but we also memorise very little about her, which is unfortunate since amy smart, whom i don ' t think i ' ve seen before in retiring motion picture, represent probably the only fiber written with any sort of intelligence. smart do non tolerate her character to turn the " passive girlfriend, " instead coming off as a immature cleaning woman with her ain ideas and opinions. it ' s too speculative the camera didn ' t linger on her foresighted enough so we could get word some of those thoughts. the adult grapheme probably fare the worse of any, since they all moldiness represent occupant of a bleak - witted town that cares about nothing just football. john ' s human relationship with his parents can also live telegraphed far in overture. his forefather is set on him becoming a football participant at a university, but john doesn ' t want any piece of that. his mother place upright beside her " fully grown, strong husband " and is a passive female. finally, jon voight bring the stock bully coach fictitious character and he does nada to make the thankless role any more than than one - dimensional. save " varsity vapours " from being a total washout be a few amusing sequences, including one set in the sex instruction class, which did get a laughter taboo of pine tree state. the scene of playing football were well - stroke and thankfully didn ' t overstay their welcome, as many sports films fall victim to. only leaving the theater, the question iodine had in my mind equal why did this motion picture need to represent make? 1 seem to be asking this query quite a lot recently, since the same old stories seem to make up cranking out of hollywood. do we genuinely ask another gamey - school sports film? no, we put on ' t, and certainly non one of this low - calibre, which felt similar a cut - and - spread caper of supererogatory persona from much better, simply similar, flick. " first team amytal, " no uncertainty is the first one, however, to include an earnest scene in which unmatchable of the fibre is only wearing whip cream on their secret parts. 