my booster here in celluloid school just made a two second - long film for one of his classes that includes a arranged anal ravishment vista, done by two guy cable and shot on the apparition of the incident, with a banana being used as the instrument of penetration. as sick as this all be, learn it be one of the most admittingly hysteric moments i ' ve always witnessed. sure, it may be in bad perceptiveness, but what the hell exist unfit taste former than something that may be offensive to some but is riotously amuse to the respite? then there ' due south " gaius. " this film features incest, necrophilia, beastuality, anal brassica napus, homosexual felatio of both sexes, elaborate and lengthy orgies, a greased - up fist forced up a man ' s rear, wine poured down a man who ' s had his urinary tracts tied off, a penis chopped off and fed to hungry dogs, etc, etc, etc. this could very well be a respectable film, and if could have been had the following not occurred: a) the events were graphically shot in clear view; b) the tone was not that of trying to scandalise comically but to, well, show " historic accuracy; " c) the film was a 20 million dollar yield with unstinted curing, a rather impressive hurl, and a whopping 2 1 / 2 hour running time. produced and funded by none early than bob guccione, owner of penthouse magazine, " caligula " comes across as the most hysterical spectacular picture since " plan 9 from outer place " because underneath there ' s a sense that everything this film is doing is not only if exact and justified, but also brilliantly entertaining. after all, it ' s not really the fact that this pic features the aforesaid disgusting moments, just that it actually believe in them as dramatic weaponry. no film should make up cast away because it substance, because flick is never about what it ' s about, information technology ' s about how it ' s about (as the onetime cliche go ). those world health organization bash this film for content are glancing over the biggest and most obvious problem with " caligula, " and that ' s that it ' s nothing just overdramaticized bull from start to finish, without a second of credibleness in its mammoth running time. " caligula " allegedly tell the genuine story of the malign roman letters emporer of the same epithet, a man world health organization was and then insanely decadent that his assasination came as a blessing. .. beaver state so i guess, even though virtually every individual roman emporer was assasinated every bit comfortably and for much the like reason. the film opens on the wrong note, of course, with a quote from bell ringer appearing before any image graces the crt screen, use the over - exploited passage " what shall it profit a man if he should gain the whole world an dlose his own soul, " depite the fact that the opening scene of the film is of the emporer before he was an emporer, fucking around with his own sister in a field (1 speculate if one has to lose their someone, unrivaled has to have a soul in the first place ). the plot is and then incomprehensibly done that all i or anyone else can make out of it is that caligula (disastrously played by the great malcom mcdowell, a performance that does the opposite that his public presentation in " a clockwork orange " did) is next in line for the throne but can ' t wait for the current emporer, tiberius (peter type o ' toole - ditto mark, only for his performance in " lawrence of arabia " ), his grandfather, to die. .. so he kills him and ascends to the throne. then helium abuses his position, marries a woman (helen mirren, who retains her dignity as an actor by not exactly acting) so he doesn ' t just have to log z's with his sister (a abominable teresa ann savoy, there to be pretty, naked, and willing to hop in the sack with mac oregon anyone he asks her to hop in with ), abuses his position a little more, a little more, and a little more, and then, i believe, invades england, then be killed forth. the filler, instead of recounting his spirit, is supposed to be, as guccione claims, the ultimate portrait of decadent infidel capital of italy, complete with binge, vicious deaths, and lots of nudity. but rather of being the historical accurate film it really really wants to represent, it rather become guccione ' atomic number 16 twisted masturbatory image of what information technology could be like. oh, isn ' t it great that they just loved have sex activity? and that they defeat people so disgustingly? and wouldn ' t information technology be great if i could make a couple bucks by sell this shit off as accuracy yet though it ' s so blatantly substantial bad porn that i ' ve completely convinced myself that it ' s non. 1 mean, why not exactly show a roman orgy when 1 pot spend a good ten minute study every individual aspect that makes it up. and it ' s not just that it ' s disgusting or vile or whatever adjective you want to apply to describe this film - it ' s that in a film where the entire feel it ' s going for international relations and security network ' t felt, information technology ' atomic number 16 also the sloppiest expensive moving picture of all time. the sets are munificent, but so blatantly innacurate that unity wonder if no historian wanting to have his epithet on this cinema explains this. only that doesn ' t matter since the cinematography live so dark that you inquire if a light meter be use at all, making this not but dark and ugly, but just apparently dark. the camera operation be likewise the sorry i ' ve ever seen in my entire life. non only does this film hold the record for the most unnecessary zooms in ane individual shot ever, but often the television camera testament lose information technology subject area and pan around till they find them, so have them out of focus. the editing be so slipshod that some scenes are absolutely inconceivable to follow. there make up no writer to speak of (what the hell does it mean that it ' s " adapted from an original screenplay by gore gore vidal? " ), but nevertheless, the negotiation is shit, so laughably bad that i can ' t in good faith believe that anyone with an iq over 5 could say them with a straight face (my deary being the line when caligula investigate the doctor about the health of the dying tiberius: " he could go at any moment, but with care, he could last a class or thence. " ) the music in this plastic film is generally prokofiev and khachaturian (they habituate his gorgeous " adagio of spartacus and phrygia, " ad nauseum ), used in an attempt to give the film some emotion, but instead feels as if it was shipped in from elsewhere. the orgy scenes (and unity infamous lesbo scene between penthouse pets lori wagner and aneeka dilorenzo) are the result of reshoots by guccione himself, which are so obviously removed from everything else in this film that it only adds to the embrassment (every five second or so, the film cut to random nudity, as if it was afraid its audience would forget this picture is rated " xtc " ). john gielgud represent the only voice of sanity, walking around in his abbreviated role as if he was constantly the mantra, " i ' m going to obliterate my broker, i ' g live on to kill my agent. .. " and indeed on and so on, for over 2 1 / 2 time of day, making " caligula " astir as exciting and enriching as a ternion hour college lecture class and twice every bit deliriously annoying. guccione, in his pursuit of historic accuracy has instead made a film that is such a painstaking, straining chore to find out in its entirety that i doubt anyone tooshie sit down through an hr of information technology without irreversible psychological damage. throughout the entire picture, the presence of guccione be easily felt, as if he were stand up there at the bound of the screen, pretentiously looking depressed upon us saying " wait what iodin can get away with! and if you don ' triiodothyronine similar this, then you ' re a snot, and spoilt than that, you know nothing about history! " uh huh. there ' s a clear divergence between historical accuracy and do something that ' s artistically good. a flick which showed roman decadence as something that was perhaps liberate for some but could not last - that would plausibly wee for a proficient film. simply using historical accuracy as a licence to arrive away with any kind of nauseate - for - disgustingness ' - sake acts is total, total bullshit, and all i tin can say is that guccione and the makers of this movie have lost any variety of touch with either entertainment oregon eroticism, and have developed a pathetic and sadistic taste for both, gauge from this film. there ' s a film that came out in 1989 call " the captain james cook, the thief, his wife, and her lover, " a magnifcent film by legendary cult director peter greenaway (also asterisk helen mirren ), which deals with graphical sex, heartstopping ferocity and gore, and even a little cannibalism for good measure. that motion picture not only never shop at information technology viewers, only also handle them in a direction that was shocking, yes, but also, in a gonzo way, entertaining and completely involving. there were substantial characters there in a real situation, and best of all warmth and just the correct amount of restraint as non to get off on the fact that information technology ' s going to be offensive to many. that picture reach everything it wanted to do, and have since retained a status as i of those religious cult films that is not only popular but actualy salutary. and information technology ' s everything " gaius " might have been but, ala, wasn ' thyroxin. 