i ' ve got to include information technology. .. atomic number 53 ' m a huge jim carrey lover. i lie with the first ace ventura, as well as the masquerade party and dumb and dumber - - and yet in batman forever (which was a pretty unspeakable movie ), carrey was one of the few the great unwashed to get along off looking reasonably good. until i see ace ventura 2, i had no estimation how people could find the guy annoying. unhappily, whiz ventura 2 appearance just how irritating and annoying carrey can be. carrey get going done the like schtick atomic number 2 function through in the first wizard movie, only this time it is no longer funny - - it is just a rehash of many of the same jokes used in ace i. the secret plan picture pet detective ace ventura retiring after failing to write a raccoon (in a sane cliffhanger mockery ). presently he is called knocked out of retirement to obtain a bat which was kidnapped and, if not returned in four days, will make two war african kin to demolish each early. once again, it ' s up to ace to save the clarence day, habituate his eldritch investigator skills. those world health organization have been disappointed by carrey ' s more restrained roles in the films follow the first ace ventura crataegus laevigata represent glad to see him over - acting to the expert of his ability, but some may follow disappointed by the fact that this sequel doesn ' t capture the feel of the original. the original profit from what looked to cost carrey ' s constant hype - up improv chronological succession, which were hysterically funny. here, all the same, the tighter script (which be reminiscent of the one time disney telemovies) carry the jury rigged material from the first, and shamelessly recycles it in the new moving picture show, giving carrey little hazard to improvise. instead, his extremely odd manner have been reduced to hardly walking roughly stupidly. but one of the biggest job i had was with the graphic symbol of ventura himself. in the first movie, atomic number 2 was always nerveless, and one step forrader of every one else - - perfect tense for carrey ' s off - the - paries approach. but here, ventura is made to take care a lot stupider, and is frequently made out as the straight cat - - a role which be definitely non carrey ' s style. there are definitely some very funny moments, but they are few and far between. they are also nowhere near as funny as anything carrey did in the world class adept ventura, or still obtuse and dumber. 