" idle hand " be distasteful, crass and derivative. if an original thought found its way of life into this revulsion - drollery it would die of loneliness. plus, you have to question the judgment and sensitivity of studio apartment executives who would green light the release of a movie dealing with the butchery of destitute teen - agers the workweek after the calamity in littleton, colo. the picture show is insult to horror film fans and teenaged - agers. the plot, what little there is, softwood with anton (devon sawa ), a high - school slacker who ' s hand goes on a homicidal violent disorder after becoming possess. along the way the hand kill anton ' s parents and his deuce best friends. the friends, besides slackers, are then lazy that they return from the dead because the walk into the christ within be likewise far for them. that is the level of this ' s atrocity ' s body fluid. the movie treats destruction as a prank. " idle hands " be gruesome and morbid. the performance are stereotypical and cartoonish. iodin realize this is supposed to pass for comedy, merely late issue have surpassed what is on the screen. information technology is non the fault of the filmmakers that existent liveliness has overtaken reel life. and i bathroom exclusively presume that the writers of " idle helping hand, " terri hughes and bokkos milbauer, were trying to constitute some instruction about today ' second young multitude and their values in a satiric vein. however, it ' s hard to laugh at death these day, especially ones involving untested multitude. with the real horrors of the man put before us on television, a stale pastry dough such as " idle hands " should be hold from release for a few weeks operating room month to yield us time to catch our collective breaths. " baseless hands " is sorry, no affair the circumstances in the world external. but the circumstance of recent result only heightens it shortcomings. the time is not correct for this type of film. and as far as " idle hand " pop off, the time may never be right. this comprise a movie that shoud be consigned to the deoxyephedrine bin of picture palace. 