perchance best remember as the recently departed tidings mainstay on saturday nox live who always started the segment with ". .. this embody the fake news program, " norm macdonald, at times, could elicit some laughter by blurting kayoed semi - offensive phrases in his raspy voice, coated with a condescending attitude. his shtick was marked by crassitude. in this movie, for example, when his girlfriend says that she ' s kicking him out because he ' s been fired from 14 different jobs over the utmost 3 months, he tries to chill out the situation by say, " maybe you ' ll feeling better after we have some dirty sex. " this variety of witticism can only go thusly far, but certainly can ' t go the aloofness in a replete - length feature. " dirty work ", is nothing more than a sophomoric comedy about ii well ally world health organization grow upward only physically. emotionally, they ' ve ne'er outgrown their pubescent years, which is passably divertingly research in a beginning flashback. although having no apparent real worldly concern skill, the one thing that these two deliver always been adept at be getting rearwards at people. if the meter maiden cost unjust in giving you a ticket, and so dump a crowd of unpopped kernel of corn onto the engine block and watch the automobile burst aside. mitch (norm macdonald) and surface to air missile (artie dorothea lange) need to come up with $ 50, 000 in a period of two weeks so that surface to air missile ' s dad (jack warden) can have a heart operation. their melodic theme make up to start a revenge - for - hire concern where they ' ll arrange your dirty workplace. in the rum scene (and possibly the only funny scene) of the picture show, they take reward of a alive television shoot at a nearby put upon car lot. their presence is established, but when a less - than - honourable real estate developer hires them and then revoke on the defrayal, the two blend in to play to demand their sleazy brand of revenge. by nonremittal, dirty work should treat us to some unconscionable revenge plots, just it cede jerky boys level cloth. except for the piece at the secondhand elevator car lot (and possibly another sequence that involve frat brothers ), the dirty work be uninspired and go around as funny as a joke phone call. already weak on material, it far spirals itself towards the tv store by having jack warden constantly blurt out that atomic number 2 give an unsatisfied libido and needs ' broad ' and also includes a real unfunny chevy pursual as a bumbling dr. with a gambling addiction. but what ' s really painfully evident is that average macdonald have no versatility as an actor. trust on his earmark of speaking into his personal recorder and saying " billet to self " (" note to self: learn to fight, " he says after get beat up; " note to self: there ' randomness always beer, " he allege after hitting rock bottom; etc. ), we feel like we ' re scarce watching an elongated rehash of his not - so - glorious sidereal day on saturday night live. much like the television show, for 90 minute we get unrivaled or two comic bit. the eternal sleep of the account is just dead distance. 