spot - chasing amy, a slew of love - triangle picture show: this month we have kissing a fool, co - starring amy ' s ain lee, and april brings us the objective of my affection, which may as well live titled chase after allan, for information technology is the story of a woman who falls in love life with her gay roommate. ( to be absolutely sextuplet degrees of kevin bacon about it, that film superstar schwimmer ' s supporter jennifer aniston. ) if only kevin smith could write them all. .. schwimmer asterisk as womanizing chicago sportscaster max, who fall down in love with his best friend john jay (lee) ' s book editor program samantha (avital) a mere twenty dollar bill - four hour after fit her. they are before long mesh, and max, because of his own raging libido, grows suspicious of samantha ' s fidelity. he convinces jay to flirt with samantha during the development of his book, to " test her ". the bother comprise, jay might be on the q.t. in love with her. to extend this savorless, sitcom premise to feature length, the patch is framed by a climactic wedding, at which bonnie search recounts the triangular tale - - the events leading up to the nuptials - - to an annoying fat homo and his silly girlfriend. hunt has the full comic timing of anyone in the picture show; schwimmer can twirl regretful dialogue into gently humorous dialogue; and lee, hapless richard henry lee, is miscast. so hysterically funny in chasing amy, here he is forced to suppress his comic instincts: to swan, to holler, to talk about unwritten sexual urge. .. the book ' s idea of a theatrical role trait equal to stress that john jay is a " sore man ", and then show him drinking pepto bismol when he ' s simmering all over his young woman trouble. as for avital, an israeli actress, she is strong and sweet, but we don ' t hump anything astir her character early than that information technology takes her an incredibly long time to realize the most obvious things. she also as well closely resemble the stunningly beautiful kari wuhrer, world health organization plays schwimmer ' s assistant and personal enchantress, turning that particular subplot into an unplanned riff on lightheadedness. in that respect are a handful, a handful, of good scenes in kiss a fool. i enjoyed a moment in a comedy club, during which jay bring forth astir and asks " has anyone hither ever hated their girlfriend so much you wanted to kill her? " over and o'er until he ' s boot off stage. there be besides a few obviously improvised short letter that are fresher than anything that ' s on the page. kissing a fool is ne'er as clever as the thursday nighttime joke - automobile friends that breed schwimmer ' s movie vocation, so save yourself eight dollars and watch three episode of that serial back to back. 