information technology seemed like the perfect conception. what better for the farrelly brothers, famous for write and directing funniness with noisome capable issue, than to make a movie about a guy with a split personality? it ' s incisively the sorting of thing the brothers enjoy: poking fun at something serious (in this slip genial illness ), throwing all care to the wind to get a laughter. jim carrey ' south signed on too? even well. the interior alliance for the mentally ill even assist out by levy complaints against the brothers ' new film before its scuttle, claiming it was wangle the status of split personality, labeling information technology incorrectly as " dementia praecox, " and so forth. such a protest seem like scarcely the sort of thing that would, of course, only add more fuel to the farrelly brothers ' fire, proving that some people just couldn ' t accept a jocularity, and that the farrellys would be helping the more enlightened viewers to all the same another dose of their brilliantly subversive comedy. yes, information technology all seem perfect, but one and only affair went wrong: their moving picture show isn ' t funny remark. it ' s not for lack of trying. the farrellys utilize in " me, myself & irene " their most high pitched - construct premise ever: carrey plays charlie baileygaites, a military personnel who after being dumped by his wife for a midget limo driver, decides to bury all his aggressive flavour deep down inside and never release them. this, of course, mean altogether his neighbors overwork his only too - forgiving nature, making his job as a rhode island state trooper progressively difficult. soon enough, charlie ' sec repressed aggression manifests itself into a second, independent personality named hank, a mysterious - voice, boorish ogre unafraid of taking the self assertive actions his predecessor receive follow unable to muster. this guy international relations and security network ' t above crash a car through with the wall of the barber workshop in which he ' s been insulted, or book a little girl ' s head underwater because she deny to block up jump - roping in the street. then things start getting lose in the most complicated plot the farrellys have ever seek, and the film run off its path. some have suggested that this isn ' t a problem, because the farrelly brother ' brand of humor doesn ' t require patch to operate. they ' ray wrong, of course: plot exist greatly instrumental in building up the kind of rollicking risible energy that infused the farrellys ' last effort, 1996 ' s " there ' siemens something astir mary. " ( 1999 ' s " outside capital of rhode island " embody technically an earlier task. ) the pal ' early film wasn ' t funny merely because information technology contained extortionate muzzle (despite what some newsmagazine articles would have you believe ), merely rather because its most extortionate gags were entirely unexpected. in " mary, " the farrellys managed respective times to pull off a neat sleight - of - hand prank: they ' d bear you thinking the story was going unmatched way, then reveal its existent direction in delightfully surprising fashion. " me, myself & irene, " by contrast, seem to have been get by folk world health organization looked at " mary " and saw only the aerofoil grossness, overlook all of the subtle machinations that actually hold it work. take been produced by the same guy who pee pee " blessed virgin, " " irene " seems like an even fully grown letdown. the brothers pile on the offensive humor, postulate shot at backwash, nanus, albino, mental illness, and all manner of bathroom antic. but they haven ' t come up with a mode to make any of information technology sweet; most of " me, myself & irene " comes off as rote, by - the - numbers, teenaged comedy. the plot of ground, with carrey forced to drive alleged momentaneous irene p. waters (renee zellweger ), who ' s in to a greater extent trouble than anyone knows, back to new house of york, have an terminate that ' s wholly predictable from the get - go. ( think charlie and irene will strike in love life? yeah, maine too. ) the farrellys then introduce scores of dissimilar characters, and none of them ever supervise to fare anything you haven ' t already expected them to arrange, no matter how outrageous their action might be. compared to the curveballs the farrellys are practice to throw, this poppycock equal almost whole soft - tossed, presenting an obvious job: when gross - out humor loses its shock value, it ' s no longer funny, merely pure. the jokes that do piece of work live milked over and over until their strength scat dry. return, for exercise, the subplot involving charlie ' s three mordant son (anthony anderson, mongo brownlee, jerod mixon ). the incongruousness of information technology all is funny for a piece, with three burly black men discussing higher math in ghetto spoken communication and white - bread carrey mouthing said language with an altogether overly - pleasant grinning on his face. but by the end of the pic, they ' atomic number 75 however doing the same schitck; it hasn ' t been elevated to another, laughable level, and it hasn ' t been devolve either. that ' s overly bad, because it quit to be amusing astir halfway through. " me, myself & irene " malodor of otiose opportunities. there ought to make up more focusing on how former people react to charlie ' s young personality, and on how charlie deals with the consequences of hank ' s actions. this doesn ' t really happen; nearly every subscribe role learns astir charlie ' s consideration early on on, so they don ' t have any chance to be surprised by it. the pic throws what looks like a patented farrelly slue in a scene towards the battle of midway point (involving an albino companion charlie and irene pick up called, appropriately, " whitey " ), but the script doesn ' t go anywhere with it, instead lead the thread twisting in the wind before awkwardly tie information technology up during the climax. jim carrey is a talented comedian, both physically and vocally, but helium ' s left with cypher much to arrange here except contort himself in a manner standardised to steve martin in " all of me. " information technology ' s a great showcase of flexibleness and split - second role - shifting, but none of information technology personify terribly funny. carrey doesn ' t drag any stunt we wear ' t expect him to pull, and the farrellys ' script doesn ' t founder him anything else to pull: the situations in which he must perform the part - shifting aren ' t set up in any meaningful way. perhaps carrey dismiss take solace in the fact that his supporting player fare no best. zellweger ' s irene is not a strong distaff pencil lead; mary in " mary " may get been part adolescent phantasy, simply she was besides intelligent and strong - willed. irene is null in particular, as the film never make clear whether she ' s ditzy, clever, or neither. as such, she give us nothing to latch onto as the only " sane " soul in the photographic film. chris barrel maker is stuck playing precisely i note as a corrupt fbi agentive role, and his character is entirely too uncoiled - lace for a movie like this. he, like the others, does dead goose egg unexpected. after regard the shapeless mess that " maine, myself & irene " eventually dissolved into, ace was stuck wonder whether or not the farrellys had outsmarted themselves. maybe their kind of comedy can only if work for so long until audiences get isaac mayer wise to it and break be shocked. merely i don river ' metric ton believe it - - good filmmakers find ways of surprising their audience still after people have grown attune to their elan. if the farrellys follow indeed expert, sassy filmmakers (and i even think they are ), they ' ll rebound just okay. even after that happen, though, 1 ' ll stock still see " me, myself & irene " to be a eminent - calibre misfire. 