despite its exceedingly easily - done visual effects, 1995 ' s original metal money was one big lump of sci - fi tall mallow, from the writing to the infirm performances. then, coming from such b - grade roots, its sequel ' s stunning slowness be not terribly surprising, yet at the same metre information technology be. it would non have be difficult at all for the people behind species ii to top the hokey original, yet they have in some way managed to fabricate something exactly as bad, if not even worse. something is clearly amiss when the back threshold left open for a sequel in species - - a sewer rat become not quite a of this earth after eating a body role from the exploded extraterrestrial being / human hybrid sil - - is never get in into (perhaps that was leave for species iii - - though i ' m not commit away anything when single say that this installment has an open back door of its ain ). the extraterrestrial fun and biz begin this time when a three - person astronaut crew returning from mars inadvertently carries within their soil samples deadly alien dna that eventually infect the mission captain, patrick ross (justin lazard, late of cbs ' s short - lived georgia home boy of a few age back, primal park west / cpw ). this alien dna is not identical to that which created the original film ' s sil, just information technology ' s close decent, and upon reaching on earth patrick is checkmate like crazy, engaging in bloody sex activity with just astir every woman he prat find. meantime, scientist dr. laura bread maker (the returning marg helgenberger) has created a clon of sil name eve (natasha henstridge over again) for research purpose. information technology doesn ' t carry long for even to smell out another alien presence, which place her libido into hyperdrive. it ' s astir to laura and her former partner, bounteousness hunter press lennox (michael madsen, another returnee ); and patrick ' s uninfected shipmate dennis gamble (mykelti williamson) to discover patrick before the in - hotness eventide does. " this international relations and security network ' t the x - indian file, goddammit! " shout one quality in the early going. in terms of quality, helium ' s utterly right, but helium ' entropy also wrong. the new alien for the first time appears as an otherworldly ooze slime that causes patrick ' sec pupils to lucubrate once he ' s taint. aspect and sounds an fearful mess same the x - files ' s " grim cancer " to pine tree state. just that ' s non the only source director peter medak and writer chris brancato buy from. metal money live already a ripoff of unknown, but medak take a leak the cribbing much more blatant than the original ' sec director, roger donaldson, did. human patrick is given a tongue that also has a glossa within itself, and his alien build more closely resembles the noncitizen than eve ' s alien body (which ironically was plan by foreign designer h. radius. giger ). a bombastic exotic beehive that our heros douse with a substance fired from large guns? alien sans flamethrowers. the visual personal effects were by far the best matter about mintage, and the sequel ' s effects crew at steve lyndon baines johnson ' s xfx iraqi national congress. keep that high - quality custom alive; no tatty - looking lost in space cgi here. after the effect, the original ' s best plus was the brisk bearing of henstridge. however, medak and brancato make no idea what on the nose to do with her for this instalment. at unitary spot she ' s call on to play exotic " empath "? la forest whitaker in the original, but for most of the duration she ' s hole up in a methamphetamine hydrochloride cell. by the time the big jailbreak so conspicuously feature in the trailer actually take place, the film be advantageously into its home stretch. so the eternal rest of the meter we exist plow to patrick, played with little zest by lazard. one trouble with the initiatory plastic film be that the deadly, horny, just innocent - at - heart sil was too sympathetic; no such trouble with patrick, who comes off as a cocky pretty boy before the alien takes control. the rest of the dramatis personae also fail to summate much, but the writing rear end be fault for that. helgenberger and madsen go done the motions, just they are already hampered by the clich? d ontogeny that somewhere between the two films, the once - linked laura and pressure stopped getting on. williamson suffers the worst indignity. atomic number 2 tries his best to enliven the nominal african - american role, but how rear end anyone recite insulting, derivative course such as " i ' m gonna get african on someone ' s ass " and non look ridiculous? simply species ii ' s bad offence be being a thoroughly uninteresting piece of work. at least the original featured tidy sum to jest at - - unaccountably awful functioning by the otherwise fine actors ben kingsley and whitaker, and the sight of helgenberger ' s theatrical role perform fellation on madsen ' s, for a start. but the filmmakers set not exhibit any discernable endeavour at all, let unaccompanied the mistaken effort that is postulate for something to gain the camp level. for all the blood and gore, nudeness, and sex thrown in, metal money ii be, quite simply, a flavourless caliber. 