capsule: five friends at a stag company are involve in the accidental killing of a cyprian. the top - up endeavor becomes a monster that eat up up the friends, two wife and several barren bystander. this be a substantial audience pleaser at toronto, but it did not do a great deal for maine. , scummy zero (- quadruplet to + 4 ) - directed by peter berg world health organization work in the last seduction and copland. - five pal go on a stag outing to las lope felix de vega carpio while cameron bartholomeu diaz works through the logistics of her upcoming wedding to one of them. one of the buddies accidentally kill a prostitute. - several people with no moral reach. they embark on out with a simple, impeccant little cocaine political party (!) and by accident depend what happened. they have ace moral person among them (daniel stern ), and one totally amoral somebody (christian woodlouse ). it be more selfish to allow the amoral lead, so they make. - this film is strange, merely not really funny beaver state biting. mordant comedy should actually be funny equally well as strange. there should be some chemical element of satire. the satire is missing hither. i do not find myself laughing here either. what we have is a unknown crime tale. - one just make not worry what come about to these people. - the same idea of people just getting themselves in deeper and deeper own comprise done ofttimes. if this plastic film equal popular it is just bringing a conversant plot of ground to a new propagation. - it start like diner (particularly with daniel stern) and ends upward comparable an lengthened horror / crime comic scripture. - there are several logical hole in script. if a security man goes to investigate a complaint and disappears, wouldn ' t the guest helium embody investigating cost the first suspects? someone framed for a crime in the manner show would constitute judged innocent after minimum forensic detective work. ( i am urgently trying to avoid draw this a looter. ) - popular and situation morals get a real slamming. - some acting of grief be hammy and overdone. more yelling than humour. 