after seeing hell and drive miss daisy, i be ready for some mindless fun - - ohio, perhaps something like tango & cash. maybe non! inane playfulness is unity thing, simply brain - dead slop is another matter altogether. tango & cash have got " low down usual denominator " written all over it. the moving picture star sylvester stallone and kurt russell as rival undercover cops in l. a. russell plays cash, a foolhardy sloven world health organization dresses in jeans and tee shirts. stallone meet tango, a wealthy investor who work on the force strictly for the kick of it; helium doesn ' metric ton want the money. in an movement to change his image, stallone pass away for a yuppie, gq look in the cinema, wearing spectacle and three spell suits. the two detectives reluctantly turn married person after they are redact for execution and have to discontinue extinct of prison to clear their names. tango & cash is unbearably noisy. for starters, in that respect ' s harold faltermeyer ' s irritate synthesized score, which gets old after four notes. to make issue worse, the filmmakers look to think that when information technology comes to loud explosions and whine cars, the more the merrier. in fact, the movie begins with not unity but two railroad car chase. there ' s nothing like a upright old car pursual to introduce the characters in a moving picture. screenwriter randy feldman ' s brain must bear gone to mush from watching overly many pig shows on tv. his shockingly stupid screenplay undermines anything and everything the flick suffer going for information technology, such as stallone ' s efforts to convince you that tango is an cerebral. in a movie with the iq level of an ameba, even a great actor be get going to have trouble looking thinking - - and stallone be no d. h. lawrence olivier. information technology ' s voiceless to guess anyone reading feldman ' s script and thinking, " atomic number 53 want to be in this movie. " the film ' randomness plot doesn ' triiodothyronine get one original pearl in information technology body, and - - over again - - you have to place your finger at the screenwriting. feldman ' s story line succumbs to every crime thriller commonplace in the book, making tango & johnny cash on the whole generic and predictable. they simply could have call it " action movie. " every character, every twist and tour, is stolen from television or from early moving picture. adding insult to injury, tango & cash be about as believable as a " road moon curser " sketch. military action moving picture wear ' t have to constitute realistic, merely they should imbibe you enough so that you ' re not consider about the lack of realism. the solitary artistic aspect of tango & cash is the motion picture photography. there exist some spectacular shaft, especially during the showery nighttime prison break in which tango and hard currency chute to safety on electrical wires. the cinema ' s chief attracter is the chemistry between stallone and russell. regrettably, their family relationship rarely progresses preceding butch competition as they endlessly bicker about who packs more than center in his pants. the dialogue comprise of nothing but one - liner, and consequently the endeavor at character development be embarrassing. it ' s a disgrace because with a workable screenplay, russell and stallone could make turned tango & cash into a charming " lethal weaponesque " adventure. tango & cash endeavour to preserve a idle tone, and you do laugh about once every v minutes. seeing russell in drag is the movie ' s funny moment, but you likely already have realise information technology in the commercial. moreover, the light smell does non sit well against the relentlessly brutish violence. machine guns and torture generally don ' t mix intimately with clowning. mariner palance appears in tango & cash coiffure what he do best: playing a sleazy, scheme baddie. his graphic symbol, however, is go - of - the - manufacturing plant, except for his strange obsession with mouse. corresponding many pic villain, palance likes to play games. in fact, he sets a ridiculously elaborate cakehole for tango and immediate payment, a trap which send off the two detectives to prison so they can be beat and electrocute by some meanies in the boiler elbow room. you have to question why palance doesn ' t just shoot the detectives in the head! the story would tumble if any of the characters equal to do anything intelligent. teri hatcher plays stallone ' s sister and russell ' s love - interest, and she is just every bit pretty as can be. but alas, hatcher ' s acting is non on par with her especial beauty. every time she open her mouth, you cringe; corny dialogue and atrocious act are always a fateful combination. in that respect ' reciprocal ohm really very petty, if anything, to recommend in the plastic film. and, more to the spot, tango definitely isn ' t worth a penny of your hard currency - - so don ' t pain in the neck. 