countenance me just start this review away by saying atomic number 53 am a brobdingnagian fan of professional wrestling and have be for fifteen years. i am not too fond of ted turner ' s public patronage wrestling, nevertheless, and i cost even less fond of it straight off after seeing this farcical excuse for a wrestling picture tonight. the plot concern two losers appoint gordie boggs (david arquette, aptly chuck as a neandrathal) and sean dawkins (scott caan) who are so obsessed with professional wrestling that they believe everything they see on wcw monday nitro is something more than than a sporty show. when they finally fuck off to see their hero, wcw world booster jemmy big businessman (played by oliver platt. i personally would have gotten a grappler to play king ), he ends up get screw over by evil promoter titus sinclair (a wasted palitaliano, in a role to begin with intend for real - life wcw president eric bischoff before he was fired and rehired six months later, and if anyone reads this who knows bischoff, they will agree with me that the role of sinclair had his name written all over it ), they embark on a pursuit to find him and help him get his title back. when they bump him, they discover in repulsion that jimmy king ' s real living is nothing same it is on wcw tv. king live a drunken atlanta native rather than an english magnate. after convincing king that they don ' t care that his persona isn ' t real, gordie and sean sneaker him back onto wcw monday nitro, after which sir clive marles sinclair agrees to book him in a main event steel cage match for the wcw title and his caper back in las vegas at wcw ' s pay - per - view. gee, whiz, at that place are so many thing wrong with this movie, one don ' metric ton know where to begin. yes, ane fare. .. one. the characters of gordie and sean appearance you what eric bischoff, wcw president who guess up this project, thinks of worm fans. he thinks of us as idiots world health organization take everything grappler do seriously. helium in reality thinks wrestling fans are dumb enough to think this is mean to be accept seriously. one set out intelligence for you, eric: nobody above the age of four is dumb enough for that, this is 2000, you jazz, non 1985! iodine lie with he ' ll probably plow arguments astir by saying information technology isn ' t meant to constitute taken seriously but information technology is, because that ' s how giving an ego bischoff has. ii. there was a documentary made in 1998, wrestling with dark, that documented the proprietor of the world hand to hand struggle federation, vince mcmahon ' s screwing bret " the hitman " hart out of the title. this movie ' s plot line is essentially a comic split - off of that plot of land with the poor man ' s duke wayne and garth thrown in. eric bischoff is trying to make vince mcmahon feeling bad with the character of titus vespasianus augustus sir clive marles sinclair, simply any wrestling fan knows titus is more corresponding bischoff than mcmahon, and that vince did what atomic number 2 possess to do to bret lorenz hart. trine. the film ' siemens main matman, jimmy king, has an english king gimmick and the interview cheered big for him. no wrestling fan actually relish lineament like that in this day and age, we want risky asses today! 4. why make this a comedy, or else of an excited, stony - style dramatic event? iodin know wrestling isn ' t a mutant, but you can still get behind a guy who struggles as a wrestler and in the end stimulate it in the end. v. in the movie, gordie starts astir an complaint - fill out romance with nitro girl sasha (the lovely rise mcgowan. what she sees in that freak marilyn sir patrick manson i ' ll never understand ), simply to obtain that she has hospitalized king ' s trainer for sinclair. wouldn ' t it throw been easy to just now have them fall in making love rather of doing the typical undercover agent - female child - for - the - bad - guy banality? i detest that. hexad. utmost, but certainly non least, there was not 1 single present moment in this movie that iodin could not predict would happen, nor did i laugh once either. the world wrestling federation should have be the wrestling caller to make the picture, for these reasons: 1. they ' re the better promotion. ii. they have better and younger talent, performers and matman. triad. they give their fans what they want and don ' t treat them like idiots. 4. they ' rhenium win the ratings and they ' re the promotion everybody wish about. 5. simply position, they could make a movie a 100 times well, and they could do a wrestling movie the right style. the only undecomposed thing about this movie was they wreak outtake at the remnant. and if i cocker information technology for you, right, i saved you from wasting seven dollars. 