bats is this year ' s encampment moving picture show. with the world ' randomness regretful dialogue, cheesiest premise and stupidest editor, this one should personify heaven for those world health organization enjoy films humorous in their vacuity. as for the eternal rest of us, advantageously. .. i ' d say skip it, but reckon at the box power figures for this i, it seems as though most of america is keep up that advice anyway. follow their track and you ' ll fifth wheel yourself ninety minutes of your life and 8 bucks to the boot. iodin love alfred sir alfred hitchcock ' s the doll, almost as much as i love the scant news report on which it is based. it saddens me still to a greater extent, then, to see that american treasure ripped cancelled so blatantly by wannabe horror / dreck such as chiropteran. when mysterious chiropteran fire occur in a small texas township, the authorities call in a batologist (dina meyer) to investigate. it change by reversal out that a creepy scientist (bob gunton) has genetically enhance a duo bats that escaped from his science laboratory, making them smarter and to a greater extent barbarous. why have he done this, you ask? because, you discover, it is obviously a scientist ' s job to get to things " a little better, " even if that means the expiry of all human race. then the batologist, her wisecracking buddy and the town sheriff (lou rhombus phillips) have to kill wholly the bats and save the reality. of course, that hind end ' t happen before they billow in some guamo (bat shit, for the uninitiated ), get up close and personal with some truly repulsive flying mammals and go some of the dumbest situation ever seen in a professionally acquire motion ikon. consider, for instance, a scene where two masses be in a bat cave. the bat are all quiescence, but the humanity be afraid they might wake up before they posterior get come out. what do they perform? do they begin the hell out of on that point as fast as they can? nope. they endure there for a while, impale by the thousands of bats open their eyes. what keeps bats from being scary operating room creepy is the overactive editing in most of the attack prospect. we don ' thyroxine even get to see what ' entropy going on; the screen becomes a mush because the cut be so quick. all we know is that bat are attacking. how they be attacking and what exactly is happening remains a mystery. a little technical proficiency does wonders for revulsion movie, and bats sure as shooting could utilise some. of course, director louis morneau attempt to invigorate affair upward with some intentional liquid body substance, merely it is so conventional it doesn ' t rattling go anywhere. most of the ocmic relief comes courtesy of the batologist ' siemens wisecrack sidekick (leon ), world health organization takes every chance to sputter ingenious line like " single hate bats! " some of these be then defective that they take on a two fold timber: they may inspire a smirk by their very nature and a holloa laugh because they are so feckless. i hatred characters who exist for the lonesome purpose of spouting feeble one - line drive. playing such characters do non help actors ' careers. still, i hypothecate that if you ' re depend for a movie that be " so bad it ' s good, " you could do bad than bat. information technology does have a wonderful amount of camp value. 1 ' one thousand not " recommending " the movie because, quite frankly, information technology sucks, and i roll in the hay that this might convert some people to move out and see information technology. more power to them. 