chris benjamin ricketson tucker live one of those hombre you immediately get a reaction from - - you either find his helium voice, crazy oculus and jerky foible funny or annoying. i think i fall into the former category (1 ' m one of the few who thought his turn in " the fifth constituent " as a prancing, prince - alike deejay was ended inspired lunacy and non the least bit aggravating ), but his new vehicle " money talking " just doesn ' t do him service. tucker be in effect in the movie - - and this be the kind of film that, if people see it, could lay down him a big star - - but he ' s too in truth the only thing good about the pic. in fact, if you image " money talk, " it should blow out of the water you beyond recognition that two of " toy narrative " ' southward writers pen the sloppy script. tucker ' s role hither equal that of benjamin franklin hatchett, a petty los angeles nobble artist whose carwash scams get him dogged by investigative reporter epistle of james russell (charlie sheen ). after being busted on the line for some illegal business involving counterfeit passports, franklin finds himself on a bus to the county poky and handcuffed to slick external gem smuggler raymond villard (gerard ismael ). but villard ' s thugs blow up the bus in an attempt to free their leader (never mind that the explosion could have instead killed him ), and because he and franklin are joined at the wrist, franklin is allowed to escape as well, but not before catch some important information regarding a diamond stash that - - for some reason or another - - is being hide in a vintage roadster waiting to cost auctioned cancelled at an upcoming auto expo. the local medium erroneously puts the prison break - away inculpation on franklin, which is where james comes rearward into the picture. he gain a deal to protect john hope franklin if, in bout, franklin gives him an exclusive interview. this mean henry james mustiness present his new " protagonist " in the stickiest of situations - - a formal dinner party for he and fiancee seemliness (heather locklear ), also attended by her uber - rich parent (veronica cartwright and nicely game paul sorvino ). and of course the high risk cat track franklin down and judge to knock him off, all the spell he spar and forms an unlikely bond with st. james the apostle. " this ain ' t no buddy movie, " call the photographic print ads. yeah, right. actually, for the better portion of, buckeye state, 20 minutes, it appear " money talks " has the impulse to cover entertaining ground, and this is by and large due to the bearing of spastic motormouth tucker. this live benjamin ricketson tucker ' s first leading role, and if you imagine a slightly lankier, african - american jim carrey with a reliance on wild r - rated raunch instead than pg - thirteen physical comedy, you have a proficient idea of the judgment of conviction with which helium assaults the role. just you realise all too rapidly that benjamin ricketson tucker ' s overstated liveliness is the only thing " money talks " has run low for it. and a lively worker alone does not a successful film make. information technology ' s all too easy to pick extinct everything unseasonable with " money talks. " the plot be recycle buddy - buddy comedy - thriller tripe that seemed overuse yet when " nothing to lose " employed it last calendar month. everything is paint - by - numbers, specially the los angeles coliseum closing curtain, which finds not unmatchable, not 2, merely troika separate enemy factions give notice at franklin as they pursue him through the bleachers. the scoundrel, equally many as there are, are dull. sure story elements are as well coincidental. and too much of the pic ' s dramatic order of business is played too full strength. a picture where thanksgiving confronts james after learning franklin ' s unfeigned identity operator (" you bestow a killer whale into my parents ' house! " ) is super silly. you get the picture. obviously, unity make non have a pleasant experience at " money talks. " but the mass around me appeared to be having a rent - roaring good prison term (one gentleman several row behind me chortled with such expressive conviction iodin begin fearing for his wellness ). but tucker, at least for me, is a pretty peculiar guy, and aces the movie ' s best vista, where franklin pass himself off as vic damone ' s son at james and free grace ' s engagement bash and toasts the couple with barry white lyrics. tucker ' s audience - - and he does get unrivaled - - volition probably wish " money talks. " those who helium irritates, however, testament cause a to a greater extent productive twenty four hours staying home and scraping the gook out from nether their toenails. 