" battlefield earth " is the best clowning of the year. it has to be. the other aspect is just too horrifying to reckon. bad movie syndrome struck pine tree state again, so after witnessing how much " battlefield earth " has been laud a railroad train shipwreck in both critical and pop set, unity feel the masochistic urge to see the disaster first - bridge player. constitute it equally bad as advertised? oh yes, very a good deal so. the plot is inexplicable. the acting is dreadful. the special issue are mediocre. the action is sluggish. the implausibilities be legion. the dialog is cringe - inducement. the whole package be peculiar when it wants to be grievous and irritating when information technology wants to be mirthful. ane don ' metric ton even want to continue reviewing this movie; i ' 500 like to be sick the atrocity from my mind as soon as possible, but you probably want to understand my thrashing in all its sarcastic glory, thus hither it be: the premise be fundamentally a rip - off of " satellite of the apes, " only minus the apes and philosophical discussion, and plus a subspecies of malign aliens from the major planet psychlo. the year embody 3000, the psychlos have conquered world, and the human universe has been enslave. only a fistful of human beings escaped to radiation - robust surface area to escape the aliens; they live kayoed their lives in concern. single man, johnny goodboy (i know, i do it) tyler (barry pepper ), venture to the outworld and is capture by the psychlos. there he confront the psychlo headspring of security: a big, ugly, klingon - looking creature ring terl (john travolta ). iron into thraldom, johnny vows to lead a revolution and conduct the planet backward. meanwhile, terl be confront with his own problems: he has recently learned that he ' s stuck inhabit on earth (which atomic number 2 hates) for the rest of his life history because he pissed off his bos by sleeping with the big man ' s daughter. he decides to afford johnny knowledge of the psychlo oral communication and technology (this be where the plot of ground have idiotic. . . ) thus the " human - carnal " butt lead a minelaying despatch into places the psychlos can ' t go. terl then plans to retain the mined au for himself. of line, his plan doesn ' t work. so many things wrong with this film - - where to begin? how about with travolta, whose hollywood clout bring about this, the cinematic interpretation of church of scientology guru liter. ron hubbard ' s sci - fi novel? early previews for " field of honor earth, " with never ending shots of a makeup - laden travolta cackling comparable lex luthor, had pine tree state (and respective audience members) remarking, " what the hell is travolta cerebrate? " the movie do nothing to stanch such remarks. all that ridiculous cackling he did in the trailers is in full force here: terl yakety yak after most every personal line of credit, and so practise every other psychlo. of course, this makes every scene uproariously overwrought, no more then than when the book clumsily stumbles into political comment. the psychlos are probably imagine to be some kind of caustic remark of incarnate america, only ceos broadly don ' t laugh maniacally after denying pay raise to their employees. ( " you be going to be promoted - - but straightaway you ' re non! fwahahahahahahahaha! !! !! " ) information technology ' s no big surprise terl loses to the humans - - he ' s an retard. helium breaks every kind of supervillain rule in the script. helium underestimates his opposition, assuming he ' ll win just because he ' s smarter. ( he uses the give and take " leveraging " like some sort of scientologist mantra. ) not depicted object to go the james bond villain itinerary of explaining his programme to the hero, he hooks him up to a machine that gives him knowledge of all the psychlos ' language and engineering. ( why this machine is yet more or less in the first place equal beyond me. ) helium then appears appal that johnny points a gun at him. no curiosity this guy never start out his promotion. the game inconsistencies exist too numerous to mention. why serve the psychlos work up an earthly concern base in which both they and the human striver must wear little breathing apparatuses to make it? how come the psychlos are wasting their time excavation for gold when the doors of fort john knox be wide subject? how in the world did whole those fighter special k survive posture in a repair shed for one, 000 years? and how do all these antecedently brain - dead cave dweller instruct to fly them so quickly? there ' s a solid band more to scratch one ' s head about in " battleground terra firma. " bring a scorecard to track the plot hollow. conductor roger christian shoots " battlefield earth " in the about distracting way possible, tilting nearly every slam sideways for no observable ground. all the character seem to live standing on the walls, and it ' s terribly hard to watch a flick when you must tilt your head just to watch ordinary passages of dialogue. the action sequences are atrociously edit, every one turn into an dateless slow - motion parade that drain all potential excitation. are these affair really so hard to construct? my respect for supposed " lightweight " action director stimulate grown by leaps and bounds after witness in " battlefield earth " how gravely an activity sequence can be shot. this movie be an absolute vexation. information technology ' s not simply the shot excerption and editing; the moving picture show, quite a honestly, makes no sense. for most of " battlefield globe ' s " run time, i just didn ' t know what was happen. it didn ' t have anything to do with me discover the events stupid beaver state illogical (though they surely are) - - 1 rattling receive no idea what the hell cost going on. when iodine piece the plot unitedly later, it didn ' t look any good. here ' s how much of a disaster this exist: " field of honor earth " is already the worst movie of the year, and it ' s going to claim something really, truly feckless to top it. the only affair we rear end take comfort in about the film is that no single bequeath follow suckered into joining the church of church of scientology because of it. in fact, one ' d think that mount hubbard ' s cult would want to outdistance themselves from this bomb as fast as potential. that ' ll teach maine to render into bad movie syndrome once again. 