plunkett & macleane is a period composition mired downwards by modern mtv pretentions. iodine have nothing against the mtv approach to filmmaking - - used properly information technology put up save a movie (see stigmata) - - but it ruin this one, make a muddled, tongue tied mess out of a potentially interesting premise. in that location are certain musical genre that just don ' t go together. the film give with a sequence that atomic number 53 still don ' t understand. it involves some sorting of prison house outbreak, a looting, and a gemstone that keeps follow eaten. in any case, the romp (whatever it crataegus laevigata constitute) brings together plunkett and macleane (robert carlyle and johnny lee moth miller, respectively ), 2 felicitous - go - lucky brits with no way to make a living. they make a accord to steal money from the rich and give information technology to themselves until they earn enough money to corrupt a ticket to america. their world class heist involves a young debutante named lady rebekah (fifty four tyler ); a charwoman macleane follow especially favorable with at a party just in the beginning. his decorousness when stripping her of her valuables realise our deuce crooks the name " gentleman highwaymen. " lady rebekah likewise happens to be the niece of the lord chief doj, a glaringly arrogant humanity nearing the end of his political career. he need that the robber cost beguile and punished immediately, leaving the job in the hands of the devious fortune (ken stott) who has a few more than things on his mind than catching malefactor. meanwhile, macleane fall in love with rebekah infuriating the earnest plunkett, who doesn ' tetraiodothyronine want his programme to be foil by his partner ' s mindless romantic travails. theater director jake robert falcon scott, son of ridley sir walter scott (alien, blade runner ), has his beginner ' s bent for define astir atmospheric crack but none of his skill in actually moving the camera. most of the action scene constitute filmed in such a rapid, jerky elbow room that it ' s insufferable to comprehend what ' mho go on. the camerawork be even more nauseating than in the purposefully dizzying the tony blair witch project due to it lack of liquidity. instead of utilize panning shots to impress upon u the scope of the events scott utilise attention - shortfall - disorder edits. he just e'er holds a shot for more than ten second and during the faster scene it seems more like a couple frames between each cut. the weird, almost noncompliant lack of dialog (there are no - - no - - conversations hold up complete, say, 20 seconds) undermines character definition and our two supporter do off as ciphers rather than character. the love affair between macleane and rebecca is no different, passionless and unrealistic. when the book calls for macleane to decide between going to america and going to receive his lover, there is no reason for us to conceive information technology would be worth it for him to abandon his destination; he and rebecca barely still speak to each other throughout the film. plunkett and macleane wants urgently to be a triumph of manner over substance but since information technology flair, quite a frankly, blow, the movie has no bob hope of succeeding on any level. i wanted to appreciate this movie on the basis of its admittedly energizing pace simply 1 couldn ' thyroxine - - it was and so energising information technology gave me a headache. 