when a dyad of films from the like director cause turn just three weeks aside, it could signify one of two thing: that the recently overworked individual personify due for a well - deserved rest, or that either of these movies has been sit in a studio safe for a while and the timing is merely a coincidence. the latter ' s the case with john mctiernan and " the thirteenth warrior, " which eventually hits theater of operations a year and enumeration after its original spring ' ninety eight opening - and fast on the heels of mctiernan ' s " the thomas crown affair " remaking, a flick that begin good reviews. you don ' t have to believe superstitions to wager a guess that " thirteenth " win ' tonne exist thus lucky. reportedly shelved following skirmishes between mctiernan and manufacturer michael crichton, whose " eaters of the dead " novel provides " warrior " ' s source (and it initial title ), this messy omnium gatherum of culture - clash drama and brutal war feels empty and sluggish - sorta like " braveheart " without any of the love. merely the bloodshed sure enough rest: there ' s enough carnage on display here to fulfil those in search of purely visceral thrills, though please short letter that the admittedly acrid fight chronological sequence containing all this death and dismemberment surrogate with talky passages interminable in their dullness. these circa - 10th century clash involve a roving set of cannibalistic creatures adequate to of decapitating opponents with their bare work force and a dozen norse soldier out to stop over them from terrorizing the viking countryside. the good guys are gaudy, rock oil, often unintelligible and - judging from their extremely icky hygiene habit - - pretty smelly to boot, which stool them hone enhancer for the dignified arab ambassador (antonio banderas) who tags along quite reluctantly. they ' re besides so difficult to say asunder that information technology hardly matters when a few of them meet violent demises. you ' ll flinch, you ' ll groan, you ' ll grouse, " seaport ' tonne we seen this guy wire killed doubly earlier? " banderas stand confused amidst the chaos, partaking by and large from a distance as savages in darth maul facepaint and clothe in the tardy animal - skin manner run amok. he ' s non the hero - his soulful eyes and thin build don ' t exactly herald a champion of shwarzenegger proportions - and " the thirteenth warrior " sagely doesn ' t make believe he is, allow his foreign and physically impose carbon monoxide gas - stars to abuse into the spotlight when the going gets rough. let the fictitious character interaction sans swords and buckler, all the same, and there ' s nonetheless a struggle - for the audience to play along or even worry about the tale. information technology isn ' t the end until audience have witnessed a half - adust romance, murky political intrigue, veteran actor omar sharif (" rummy miss ") drip by in a cameo role and a climactic " indiana jones and the temple of doom " - esque chase through the villain ' underground lair. all this clutter receives sandbag visual treatment courtesy of cinematographer tool menzies jr. , only the collaboration between " dice gruelling " - helmer mctiernan and " jurrasic park " - creator crichton should have yielded more than sumptuous sights, graphic legal action and accidentally telling moment. heard during " the thirteenth warrior " ' s final scene: a heel whimpering. how appropriate. 