manager luis mandoki ' s last film was the superb, unplayful 1994 drama " when a man bed a woman, " but his luck has ultimately run out with his latest picture, " message in a bottle, " which is the worst type of romance, a movie that tugs so relentlessly and violently at the heartstrings that information technology miraculously carry off to dry out forbidden your eyes rather than tear them upward. everything that occurs can be telegraphed way in advance since this same type of story has been done many time before - - - and a lot better - - - therefore there ' s an absence of suspense, and the film ultimately moves at such a very, very careful pace, as if it is trying to make great, " meaningful " statements and plot development, that it just becomes a tedious bore to sit through. " message in a nursing bottle " begins with theresa john osborne (robin wright william penn ), a individual mother and researcher at the chicago tribune, whom finds a bottle washed up on shoring as she is jog unrivalled day. inside the bottle is an anonymous love letter cover to a mystery woman named catherine, and theresa is so taken aback by its honesty and sweet that she shows information technology about at her work and, to her objection, finds that her editor sustain place the alphabetic character in the newspaper. soon, a heavy research cost conducted to find out who wrote the letter based on the eccentric of bottle and a ship logo on the top of the typed substance, and after information technology is traced to a man named garrett blake, theresa finds herself traveling to the forbidden banking company, a boat town in north carolina, to find out the specifics of the message. of course of action, garrett turn out to be a handsome, rugged human race around theresa ' s age and played by kevin costner. she be instantly charmed by him, but hesitant to reveal the truth of wherefore she is there, and finds that catherine of aragon constitute garrett ' s late married woman world health organization died a few years earlier. do you recollect you know where this comprise headed? most likely you come, and i wouldn ' t call information technology give away anything to say that by the picture ' s end, the picture show has fallen into deep, artificial melodrama that i didn ' t buy for a 2d. if there are any positive things to say about " message in a bottle, " it be that the performances by robin wright university of pennsylvania and paul john henry newman, as garrett ' s stubborn, but loving male parent, are far above par to be in such a wasteful, " shaggy dog " erotic love story, and that the motion picture photography by caleb deschanel takes great vantage of the beautiful eastern coast, and paints chicago as an equally alluring city. meanwhile, costner has yet to redeem himself for some of the less - than - leading films that atomic number 2 make made lately. it seems that with such bad fate, atomic number 2 wouldn ' t want to make another movie sic near water, only here helium is once again with one of the main, and most ridiculous, centerpieces set on a storm - swept sea. the other role player are all, sadly, wasted, including illeana douglas, an underused actress who seems to always get stuck with the " protagonist " function, hither playing pennsylvania ' s confidante and co - prole at the tribune. the beginning half of " message in a bottleful " play like a hum - drum, trite television movie for the lifetime channel, as theresa spend a capital deal of time " getting to know " garrett, with dialogue that is not the least bit stimulant or entertaining. unremarkably, i am the type of person to practically salivate over dialogue - laden sequences since the film be no doubt trying to develop the eccentric and their relationships, but here information technology all rang with a echo falseness since the dialog felt " written, " and not as if people were really " speak. " when the main characters of a moving picture show get really little of interest to say to each other, and are not specially interesting themselves, you eff immediately that you embody in trouble. i swear that while watching " message in a nursing bottle, " i matte up as if 1 had just say the screenplay in its entirety before arriving at the theater (heck, in actuality unity ' m non even familiar to the novel this is based on, by nicholas sparks ). always one gradation ahead of the graphic symbol, the motion picture show incline so closely and tightly to the constraints of the tried - and - genuine hollywood melodrama, the film strip often seem to almost be in danger of tearing. nobody gain loot for pretend that garrett will eventually find taboo theresa ' s secret, and that various obstacles will come within their elbow room of living blithely ever after. this same exact problem go on in last place year ' s very, rattling similar (watch this, and you testament realise just how similar i mean value) meg ryan - nicolas cage romantic drama, " city of angels. " although theresa is profoundly touched by the " heartfelt " alphabetic character that she find in the bottleful, perhaps the filmakers might experience been better bump off finding a message in a nursing bottle of their own, preferably before shoot start. it should have read, " memo to screenwriters: purpose you brain! " 