the spy game is improving. you put up thank charlie ' s angels - - the picture show - - for that. when did banality and pandering become hunky dory? simply bargain from hong kong, the ground substance, and a kitschy video appearance from the mid - 1970s and that ' s a movie? charlie ' s angels is nonpareil of the unfit example of action celluloid homogeneity and shameless duplicity in any film i ' ve seen in age. charlie ' s angels is obtuse. just evidently dumb. as we all know, three of the red hot females on the planet - - drew barrymore, cameron bartholomeu dias, and lucy liu - - are three topnotch - agents lick for the mysterious millionaire named charlie. they all drive fast cars, look buckeye state - thusly - fabulous even in the morning, and don ' mt seem to obtain a scratch even when fighting armed work force, having building explode ten feet in front of them, or flying through the air in matrix slow - gesture. and while the entourage spends 90 minute romping around in cleavage - busting wetsuits, cleavage - busting waitress uniform, and cleavage - busting moisture t - shirts, they hardly succeed in resemble so much as a group of annoying, drunk sorority girls, the kind world health organization hit on everybody at a party. the real plot of ground revolves around the ridiculous story of a millionaire reckoner engineer - - the nifty sam rockwell - - who get kidnapped by a cryptic competitor computer fellowship. of course, the rival wants control of his new personal identification system, which involve such latter - twenty four hour period buzzwords as global positioning system, cellular tracking, and still mainframe. the amazing saint crispin glover lends his acting chops as a crazed henchmen involved in all the cruddy things that happen to the angels - - corresponding battling each of them in many unit of ammunition - robin intercellular substance rip - off (again) fight sequence and harboring a foreign attraction to sliced - off locks of the angels ' tomentum. the coup d'etat de grace is bill murray as bosley, serve as charlie ' s manservant, or, more than to the stage, the angel ' ponce. the rest of the moving picture show comprises a revenge electric discharge, adequate costume changes to fill triad productions of lupus erythematosus miserables, carbon - copy fight sequences that would lend believable evidence to a jackie chan and the wachowski crony lawsuit for intellectual holding theft, and the strange transmutation of sam rockwell into mickey rourke ' s long - lost brother. charlie ' s angels bulge cancelled with a charge and ends up being a soggy burrito forget out nightlong. nothing is difficult, plausible, or credible in any of the angels ' activity. it feel like the intercellular substance, mission: impossible 2, and cleopatra jones and the cassino of au all rolled into 1. diaz equal a knucklehead. barrymore is the " severe peerless, " mean value and tough and about as credible as katie holmes in the role. liu equal just. .. lucy liu, looking good in a skin - smashed blackened leather suit. the list of flick from which charlie ' s saint is straight annul is equally astonishing. the writers apparently draw the duplicator all night stealing scenes from armageddon, lethal arm ii, all of jackie chan ' s movies, the great escape, saturday night febricity, revenge of the nerds, payback, darkman, dr. no, the matrix (as mentioned ), and even tv ' s friends. information technology ' s a pity, too, because one of the many film writer, john aug, live at the helm of last year ' mho favorite, die. so again, what throne you expect from a theatre director bed solely as " microgram. " in that location live no camp economic value in the film, no interesting main characters, no invigorating action vista, no understanding at all to waste your time except to ogle the blistering chicks and enjoy the performances of a few support players. note to hollywood: next time, let ' south leave alone the boob tube shows on the tv. 