plainly, when dogshit calls, jim carrey answers. here he is, mugging it improving in innumerous unfunny ways for the 5th time, his second go - around in the role of favored detective wiz ventura. that intend more than talking ass - cracks, phallus jokes and cries of " al - 50 - 50 - lambert - 50 - cubic decimetre - l - 50 - l - l - lrighty then. " information technology all adds upwards to a subsequence that makes the original resemble schindler ' s lean in terms of dramatic merit, or lack of. granted, there are a few laughs amid the unceasing bombardment of pre - school humor, but anyone who apprise good comedy bequeath bang their school principal against the wall ten clock time for every minor chortle. it ' s a painful experience for anyone with a psyche. ace is distraught after accidentally dropping a racoon into a canyon (in a parody of the opening vista of sylvester stallone ' s cliffhanger, jim carrey being the only person world health organization can make stallone look alike a college prof in terms of intellect, or lack of) and decides to kip down to the mountains of tibet to gain a gamey level of consciousness (or, in his case, a level of consciousness ). but he is extract verboten of retreat to the tune of $ xx, 000 to recall a sacred white bat for an african tribe. wherefore africa? so carrey dismiss disguise himself naked privileged a bastard rhino and later climb out the rearward end as a tourist family ticker (" looking, the rhinoceros ' s about to give birth! " ). if that seems like hee - hawthorn witticism to you, by all means, see the picture. if non, claim your seat in human civilization with the residual of us. obviously, there are quite a few nonmember of civilization who made this movie, comparable the first hotshot ventura film (i use the holy writ " motion picture show " only because information technology be filmed, non because there ' s any level of artistic merit. ), a vast success. in fact, carrey only has a vocation because of the decline of intelligence information in our culture. you may tell to me, " but andrew, look at hun john l. lewis. helium was born with a negatively charged i. q. and look how popular he be xxx years ago. " maybe, simply unity withal say jerry lewis is a notch or ii up on the comedic ladder because he never actually coiffe an depression in a movie of a rabid english bulldog biting off a homo ' s testicles. .. lewis at least had the self worth to bring through that performance for when caller came over. 