director doug ellin ' s osculate a fool, release before this twelvemonth, personify an aptly titled comedy about two plastic couples housed in an contrived story. like a situation comedy with jokes then crippled that information technology would be impossible to overlie a laugh track on it, the movie meanders along insulting the viewers ' intelligence activity in almost every frame. the script by james frey and the director live filled with vapid actors world health organization read meaningless line you ' ve heard before. ( " single ' m not wearing any underwear, " the bimbo tells the famous sportscaster, liquid ecstasy, in what she assumes leave be a certain - ardor fare - on line. ) max, chicago ' s biggest corinthian, decides to dumbfound hook up with after a whirlwind beloved affair with sam, short for samantha. max and sam possess two irritating personalities, and they take little chemical science for each early operating room the consultation. liquid ecstasy is played without any vogue by david schwimmer. schwimmer, whose acting natural endowment be playing theatrical role devoid of personality, makes an unlikely lover. his costar, mili avital as surface to air missile, follow burn from the same cloth, so they dismiss personify argued to be a matched pair. after all, people of the same intelligence be course draw to each early, ditto for similar looks, so why shouldn ' t the personality - challenged comprise pull in? the farfetched plot has max postulate his best supporter, jay (jason spike lee ), to hit on sam as a test. john jay is presuppose to try on to get her to slumber with him, but stop short circuit of the real act. liquid ecstasy, be promiscuous by nature, vexation that his succeeding bride may have the same need to catch some z's around as he do. the idea of flirting with the beautiful surface to air missile work jay so sick that he becomes unable to deplete or cultivate. neither the script nor the actors reach this examination believable. " the 64, 000 question constitute: how do you know you ' re with the wrong person so you can void wreaking mayhem on major parts of your animation? " jay postulate in one of the unsuccessful attempts at adding some seriousness to the film. finally, there follow the film ' s try at physical clowning. jay ' s ex - girlfriend natasha (vanessa holy person) becomes infatuate with john jay once more erstwhile she thinks he be buy the farm out with someone else. natasha rips john jay ' s shirt undefended after pushing him down onto the lounge. as she throw her hair on his bare thorax, she demands he pull information technology. this is suppose to personify funny? most films have some saving thanksgiving. some bit part was perform specially well or some prospect manage to follow mirthful even if the rest of the picture wasn ' t. kissing a fall guy, on the other hand, bear nix to advocate it. kissing a muggins runs unity: 45. information technology is betray r for profanity and sexuality and would be acceptable for most teenagers. 