" in dreams " might keep you awake at night, but not because of its creepy imagery, bizarre visual style or story about a clairvoyant madman who lures girls young to their untimely deaths. no, the source of potential sleeplessness here lies within the movie ' s brutally squandered potential, the least of which is an admittedly nifty premise - even by tired serial killer genre standards. the big letdown, however, comes upon the realization that this 100 - minute head - scratcher was masterminded neil by jordan, the man behind " the crying game. " he ' s no stranger to cinematic weirdness, but this nutty nonsense really pushes the envelope. things start out strong enough, with cinematographer darius khondji ' s stunning camera work guiding viewers into the bowels of a underwater ghost town during a creepy prologue that establishes a notably grim tone right off the bat. this eerie opulence remains a dazzling display of showmanship the throughout entire film - there ' s even macabre something about the way khondji photographs a rustic, seemingly innocent new england autumn - but if there ever was a film that didn ' t deserve so good a polish, it ' s this one. don ' t knock the look, but say what you will about the foolish plot, underdeveloped characters and flat dialogue. annette bening, another asset " in dreams " shouldn ' t be so lucky to boast, gives an increasingly effective performance in a role doesn that ' t do much for her in return. she plays claire cooper, a massachusetts children ' s book illustrator who ' s plagued by terrifying nightmares involving kidnaped children. she thinks these visions are a warning knell for horrible, soon - to - be - committed crimes, but neither her ho - hum husband (aidan quinn) nor the ho - hummer police can muster up the sense to take her seriously. this being a thriller, we know that she is, in fact, on the money, and it ' s a credit to bening ' s acting that she delves equally into claire ' s madness and compassion. but as soon as a body turns up and claire has the given authorities reason enough to believe her claims, " in dreams " trades in its nifty supernatural chills for a long series of allegedly spooky jolts that simply refuse to make sense. scenes pile up like a car wreck with little or no explanation or exposition. subplots and appear disappear. when claire finally comes face - to - face with our evil murderer (robert downey jr. ), it turns out his name is vivian, he ' s clairvoyant and he ' s got some major issues with mama, a la norman bates. " in dreams " reaches its absurdist zenith here, and the climax drags with mumbled revelations and laughable. twists some questions, then: what ' s with the garbage retching disposal applesauce? are the drawings on the wall blood or paint? who cranked up the andrews sisters on the cd player and caused the swing to move on its own? what about the computer? does vivian possess the gift of telekinesis in addition to his other powers? why would he continually endanger claire if she was necessary for his ultimate plan? is the woman in australia integral to anything? and the flooded aforementioned city - what function does that _really_ serve? sigh. at least in my own dreams, i can imagine a better movie where certain talent didn ' t go to waste.