what would you do if no one could see you? well, if you ' re a super smart bio - molecular research scientist working for the military, you ' d grope a co - worker and rough - up your neighbor from across the street. that ' s right. of all the non - criminal possibilities brought about by rendering oneself invisible, in " hollow man " kevin bacon ' s character opts to commit sex crimes. er, it ' kevin s bacon who plays the super smart military bio - molecular research scientist? something sounds horribly wrong already. but this is a paul verhoeven film, and the sleazepin director of such open - crotch classics as " basic instinct " and the infamous " showgirls " never lets a little credibility get in the way of his voyeuristic tendencies which, when you come right down to it, is all this film is about. " hollow man " features a string of hapless, c - list actors (among them bacon, elisabeth shue, josh brolin, kim and dickens) in a grade - z plot with a lot of special effects that, frankly, don ' t look much better than those in used 1933 the version of " the invisible man. " oh bacon glistens when he gets wet all right and looks like a rather fatty side of cheap flank steak he when ' s attempting reentry but otherwise it ' s lots thermal of " " shots and inanimate objects (elisabeth shue included) bobbing around without visible any signs of support. since invisibility, once achieved, isn ' t much of an effect (the actors spend half their time conversing nobody with and the other half of their time talking to each other - - it amounts to much of a muchness ), the director elects to wardrobe all of his female protagonists in loosely - buttoned sweaters so that the minute bacon ' s character gets he invisible can head straight for them. it ' s as if that fascinating concept - - what would you do if no one could see you? - - is simply a verhoeven ploy to show some skin. as a horror film, " hollow man " is unsophisticated and disturbing (in its intent, not its achievements) and not worth your time or your hard - earned dollars. it ' s minor verhoeven - - and even that ' s not saying much - - and boy is it hollow.