i have a confession. even though i am a movie junkie - i saw eye of the beholder and yet i still watch movies - i ' ve never seen any of the original godzillas. (note that godzilla 2000 is not a sequel to the u. s. godzilla in released 1998; it ' s the american release of a 1999 godzilla flick called gojira ni - sen mireniamu.) so, part of me was excited as i drove to the local multiplex to see godzilla 2000 - the latest entry in an almost 50 - year old franchise. this was a long - awaited treat. i was expecting a goofy good time, complete with bad dubbing, science fair level sets and a ludicrous plot line. the last thing i expected was for the movie to be so? boring. i can only imagine what the theatre full of kids i saw this with felt. you do get all of the " so bad ' they re good " traits so normally with associated the franchise. but you have to through sit a snoozer plot that has the organization of a rorschach blot. it ' s a deal i wasn ' t willing to accept. hiroshi kashiwabara and waturu mimura ' s script crams in way too many details, and in many cases, fails to follow up on them. the maneuver is not only disconcerting, but gives the movie a permanent logy, feel weighty. godzilla starts off destroying power plants and then just stops. was it a whim? a bold political statement? i don ' t know. its foe, an ancient meteor that looks like prudential ' s logo, doesn ' t just fight the beast from the far east. no, it ' s got to have life - saving powers, a plot to erase " the data " from japan, a desire to clone and the ability to become a spaceship and then some kind of tentacled space creature. there ' s a battle between the head of the godzilla prediction unit (takehiro murata) and a slimy government official (hiroshi abe) over the handling of godzilla, and personal issues. and then there ' s the plucky news photographer and blah, blah, blah. it ' s like watching magnolia all over again - except without the good writing, keen sociological insight and aimee mann songs. what a waste. when the talking and the plot points hurtling stop you at, godzilla 2000 does the job - it ' s entertaining goes and down easy. the action scenes are cheesy in their grandeur though a little sluggish. the dubbing is nice and awful, with murata sounding like he ' s in constant need of a cough drop. as for the dialogue, one line summarizes the goofiness factor: " did anyone see that flying rock go by? " this movie also marked the first time since the three stooges that i ' ve heard the word " imbecile " in used casual conversation. though the summer movie season is up drying and godzilla 2000 has its moments, i wouldn ' t take kids to see it. they ' ll probably end up asking more questions than charlie rose.