" the 13th warrior " comes at the end of as summer where we ' ve already experienced man eating sharks (" deep blue sea " ), man eating crocodiles (" lake placid ") and even a man hunting witch (" the blair witch project " ). now, " the 13th warrior " presents a tribe of flesh eating men who believe that they are bears. the story, if that ' s what you want to call it, follows ahmed ibn fahdlan (antonio banderas) an arabian poet who falls love in with his king ' s wife and banished is from home his land. he then travels to the land of vikings the and becomes an ambassador to them. eventually the vikings are called to upon protect the people of the village who are being hunted by the flesh eating men. thirteen warriors are chosen to go on the mission, and as you guessed it, ahmed is chosen as the thirteenth. he ' s not a warrior, and at first not well accepted by the vikings, but as the movie advances he ' ll have prove to himself both on and off the battlefield. that ' s basically the entire plot. there is also a romantic subplot that has been so badly mishandled and, one assumes, drastically cut that you begin to wonder why the filmmakers didn ' t just edit out all of the scenes attaining to that part of the story. instead they chose to leave just enough of those scenes in to annoy the viewer. the film is basically non - stop action when and it pauses and tries to develop a story it a becomes laughing stock. the battle scenes, although well choreographed, are not involving and not the least bit exciting. we don ' t get to know any of the characters and so we don ' t care who lives and who dies. the film, which wants to be beowolf, comes across more as a failed action - adventure story aspiring to epic proportions but not achieving it on any levels. it was directed by john mctiernan who ' s, " the thomas crown affair " is also playing in theaters currently. and it ' s not that mctiernan worked simultaneously on both films but that, " the 13th warrior " was placed on the shelf for so long with the studio just waiting for a time to dump it on audiences belongs. it back on the shelf.