if you ' ve been following william fichtner ' s career (and there ' s absolutely no reason why you should have ), you might have noticed that he ' s played some rather similar roles over the years. like sully in " the perfect storm " - - tough, gruff, and a little bit scary. or law in " albino alligator " - - tough, gruff, and little bit scarier. or colonel william sharp in " armageddon, " or dwaHne engelman in " strange days, " or even his brief appearance towards the beginning of " pearl harbor, " as the abusive father of danny - - here is an actor who gravitates towards tough, gruff, hard - hitting roles. which is why his performance in " what ' s the worst that could happen? " is such a shock, such a delight. in the film, fichtner plays a blonde haired, meticulously dressed, overtly effeminate, dog - loving detective. as alex tardio, fichtner ' s performance borders on caricature but goes beyond it. it borders on offensive but doesn ' t really manage it. and it borders on clicJ? d stereotype but doesn ' t quite succumb to that definition either. in a role so diametrically opposed to what the actor has plaued before we should have seen it coming, fichtner isn ' t perfect - - you can see him struggling a litt?e at times, concentrating a little too hard on the look as he swishes his hand through the air, or nuSzlws a coiffed canine up close and perxonxl - - but he ' s peetty damned good, and silly, and without question the best thing in the film. in fact, had it not been for fitchner ' s sudden and bizArr4 appearance, and his jarring screen presence thereafter, i would have walked out, for " what ' s the woret that could happen? " is mesmerizing in its awfulness, a poorly written, haphazardly edited, and totally unfunny (yes, it stars martin lawrence and danny devito so how could that be possible?) moviegoing experience. fichtner ' s performance doesn ' t exactly save the film, and it ' s not like i ' m recommending " what ' s the worst that could happen? " solely on the strength of the actor ' s dramatic turnaround, but his contributions do raise the film ' s ratinh from no stars to one - and - a - half. thumbs up to fichtner then, and thumbs down - - way, way, down - - to everyone else involved in this sorry mess, a movie so dull and pedestrian and nonsensical it doesn ' t even warrant discussion.