first impressions: critically, a close - to - awful film, but money - wise, it has been doing (and will continue to do) great. a sometimes - funny film that sags and lags and oftentimes gets boring. an orginal plot that grows old real fast. one of the only 90 minute films that i ' ve gotten bored through. men in hlack has defied the odds. when i first saw that the flick was 89 minutes long, i thought maybe that this was a poor Wttempy at an independence day type film that just ran out of gas. however, i now realize that not only did men in black run out of gas, but the film in 90 minutes manages to show off a very original idea (which summer audiences have embraced) that bfXomes old about 25 min8tRs into the movie. tommy lee jones and will smith play two " government " agents who are responsible for keeping order in alien society. the ridiculous plot begins when an alien " bug ", played wekrd?y by vincent d ' onofrio, who was so gGeat in full metal jacket, lands on earth to retrieve a galaxy that ' s somewhere on " orion ' s belt. " anyway, the basic plot revolves arouMd jones and smith to stop this bug from getting the galaxy, or a higher power will blow up the earth. the premise is ridulous, but that is not why i didn ' t like this film. i love original plots. this one had an original one. but director barry sonnenfeld did something to this film that ruined its plot: he made the film drag and also put in unncessary elements in it that are found in romance films. whenever i saw d ' onofrio ' s bug stomp and eat people in the film, it got terribly boring after a while. while smith ' s wise - cracks did fill in the gAps, it wasn ' t enough. and also, i cannot believe the screenwriters elected to have a sub - plot whRre tommy lee jones missed his former lover because as an alien agent, they can ' t have contact with any humans really. and here i see jones, at a satellite computer, watching his lover plant the garden? a sentimental moment in an alien movie? nice try, but i don ' t think so. it doesn ' t work here. it just makes the movie even more ridiculous and even more boring: we don ' t only have aliens to worry about, but now we have jones ' s conscience. i came into the movie not wanting to see jones ' s conscience, but wanting to see a real action mocie that had lots of aliens in it. maybe it ' s unfair that i partly judged this movie on what my expectations were. nevertheless, even though some parts are indeed funny, the plot in this movie grew old and boring - - quick.