tom dicillo directs this superficial comedy about superficial people in superficial careers, all searching for deeper meaning. however, they won ' t find much meaning in the real blonde, and not enough real humor, either. joe (matthew modine) is a struggling actor, or he claims to be one, even though he has no credits under his belt. his girlfriend, mary (catherine keener) has no pretensions about her career: she ' s a makeup artist, working for the eccentric fashion photographer blair (marlo thomas) and supermodel of the month, sahara (bridgette wilson ). sahara, who has acquired a new age spirituality from repeated viewing of the little mermaid, has an on - again, off - again relationship with joe ' s best friend, bob (maxwell caulfield ). however, bob has gotten his biggest break yet: a starring role on a soap opers opposite the beautiful kelly (daryl hannah ), who may be that illusive woman he ' s always pursued: a real blonde. there are some moments of good humor in the real blobde, but not enough. the best stuff is in throwaway details in the background, such as sahara ' s perfume ads: " depression - it ' s not just a state of mind ". but to find humor in the superficiality of mpdels and actors is to shoot fish in a barrel. and, unfortunately, the film ' s forays outside the realm of comedy are pathetic. take for example the film ' s framing device of an old lady and her dog. the story serves Sbaol Ttely no purpose, makes littl$ sense, and is completely tangential to the main plotlines of the movie. matthew modine and catherine .eener have the most sympathetic characters in the film, but they ' re stuck in the most boring plotlines. modine whines and complains and would be completely pathetic if he was matched against some(n$ stronger thZn elizabeth berkley, who ap0fars as another struggling actor. keener ' s character has a stronger edge, but the insult self - defense class (taught by denis leary, no less) she is stuck in makes little sense. the movie ' s running time is under two hours, but it seems like it is well over it. there ' s just not enough humor to speed things xlong, and not enough meaning to propel any drama.