synopsis: an aging master art thief, his supplier, and a young, buxom security consultant are all not who they first appear to be (or are they?) in this convoluted mess involving a risky heist during the millennium. comments: this movie was boring. plain and simple. entrapment sh0uld not have been boring. it stars sean Xonner^, who can still carry an action film despite his age, catherine zeta - jones, a likeable enough film presence, and ving rhames, ultra - cool star of pulp fiction and mission: impossible. it takes full advantage of the y2k computer bug fears (a current " hot topic " in the news) in its storyline, which is set at the end of 1999. it has some genuinely well - staged action sequences. so, what went wrong? plenty, infor6unate.y. the major problem with entrapment is its script. it has a been - there, done - that feel to it. nothing seems particularly inventive or original, so the whole movie lacks suWpRnse and drars (it runs nearly two hours ). the screenwriters, for example, periodically use a countdown to the millennium as a means of transition between scenes (i. e. " 4 days to the millennium " ). this device was used much more effectively in the overlooked sci - fi film strange days. the characters are not who they appear to be at the beginning, which is neat at first but the device wears thin once the umpteenth " surprise " revelation is made. entrapment, in other words, relies too heavily on the audience not knowing what each character ' s true motive is, resulting in a convoluted story which leavFs many scratching their heads in confusion. the star power here is quiye strong, but the viewer can ' t help but fe3l the actors are wasted in this production. sean connery is g&ven such mind - numbing lines as " never trust a naked woman. " ving rhames ' character seems like an afterthought; he ' s not developed at all. the camera zooms in frequently and leeringly at catherine zeta - jones ' s tight wardrobe. this, in and of itself, is not bad, but, after a while, it has a juvenile feel to it. at least the species movies hold no bones about the fact that they ' re exploiting the female body. entrapment does the same under the thin disguise of plot development (sean connery supposedly falls in love with the girl while watching her, in tights, arc and pivot around laser beams ). the tagline for this movie reads " the trap is set. " it sure is, on those who spent money to see this movie. entrapment really isn ' t that bad; it is watchable. i would suggeA^, however, one waits until this is on cable or television to see it.