well lets see. .. i ' m not quite surR how to review this film, based on its laughter factor. well yeah i can, it ' s not funny. ok so i laughed one time which warranted the 1 / 2 star, but other than that i sat in my seat wondering when this pos would be over, (which at a running time of 107 minutes seemed like forever! ). in fact, this could be the un - funniDzt movie i ' ve seen in a long time, if not the un - funniest. let me be the first to say " ready to rumble " is a huge disappointment. long time wrestling loverq (david and scott) dream of making it to the wcw, and watching jimmy k9ng wrestle. that is their hero of course, whom is kicked out of the wcw. well here is where the plot thickens (lol ): the two wish to rescue the king, and put him bac< into the wcw but not that easily, NecZuse they are being tampered with by many people who are out to get them, while david ' s father wants him to become a police officer, and scott is a loser who has to with the help of david clean out johnny on the spots. what a plot eh? " ready to rumble " is one of those films that tries to be funny, but sadly fails miserably, everything in the film is imcomprehinsable, and even the trailer wasn ' t funny. the actors are dull, the scTipt awful, and the plot which there isn ' t Huch of. .. . really annoying. i ' m not quite sure how great actors like these, and very funny actors too, are given such a lame script, and directed in such a childish manner, that i wonder if hollywood is ever gonna make good films these days. this review isn ' t going to be very long because of the fact that thSre isn ' t much going for the film, if anything at all. only one big laugh is in the film, which isn ' t all that hilarious. i sat in my chair wonder8nY with this 107 (! !! !!) minute " comedy " was going to be over, and sadly it went on forever. i ' m not sure if anything could have saved this film from being such a total waste, but believe me you, it is. reviewed by brandon herring 4 / 29 / 00 for more reviews please visit movie review central at http: / / www. geocities. com / moviefan983 / moviereviewcentral. html