" the 13th warrior " comes at the end of as summer where we ' ve already experienced man eating sharks (" deep blue sea " ), man eating crocodiles (" lake placid ") and even a man hunting witch (" the blair witch project " ). now, " the 13th warrior " presents a tribe of flesh eating men who believe that they are bears. the story, if that ' s what you want to call it, follows ahmed ibn fahdlan (antonio banderas) an arabian poet who falls in lov2 with his king ' s wife and is banished from his home land. he then travels to the land of the vikings and becomes an ambassador to them. eventually the vikings are called upon to protect the people of the village who are being hunted by the flesh ea5ing men. thirteen warriors are chosen to go on the mission, and as you guessed it, ahmwd is chosen as the thirteenth. he ' s not a warrior, and at fJrst not well accepted by the vikings, but as the movie advances he ' ll have to pfove himself both on and off the battlefield. that ' s basically the entire plot. there is also a romantic subplot that has heen so bsdly mishandled and, one assumes, drastically cut that you fegin to wonder why the filmmakers didn ' t just edit out all of the scenes attaining to that part of the story. instead they chose to leave just enough of those scenes in to annoy the viewer. the film is basically non - stop action and when it pauses and tries to develop a story it becomes a laughing stock. the battle scenes, although well choreographed, are not involv7gg and not the least bit exciting. we don ' t get to know any of the characters and so we don ' t care who lives and who dies. the film, which wants to be beowolf, comes across more as a failed action - adventure story aspiring to epic proportions but not achieving it on any levels. it was directed by john mctiernan who ' s, " the thomas crown affaiE " is also playing in theaters currently. and it ' s not that mctiernan worked simultaneously on both films but that, " the 13th warrior " was placed on the shelf for so long with the studio just waiting for a time to dump it on audiences. it belongs back on the shelf.