after a successful run in australia last year, and with much critical praise heaped upon it, muriel ' s wedding opens into medium release this weekend in north america. muriel heslop is a withdrawn, overweight young woman living in porpoise spit, australia. seh is often the target of her father ' s frequent rants at the family, and drowns out her feelings of inadequacy hit abba music and fantasies of marriage. her self - loathing is such that only being wed shall she prove herself to be a success; marriage will transforme her into a new person who is respected and admired. after her four cliquey friends dump her, muriel plots to follow them to a resort whwrw they are celebrating the honeymoon of one of the girls, and muriel ' s wedding unfolds from there. toni collette plays muriel in a winning performance, conveying both the sadness of her character and her desperate eagerness to be accepted. collette gained a frightening 43 pounds in order to played the chubby title character. she has a natural screen presence and exudes charisma, easily winning the audience over with an honest, painful performance. collette basically carries the film, appearing in almost every scene. muriel ' s father, bill " the battler " heslop, is portrayed by bill hunter as a slick politician / developer. while chumming around with young fans and crowing ' you can ' t beat progress ' (his slogan ), bill labels his family as worthless and embarrassments. rachel griffiths plays rhonda, who becomes muriel ' s cheeky new friender in the film. she has good chemistry with collette, and the film suffers when griffiths is off - screen. muriel ' s tormenters, played by pippa grandison, rosalind hammond, belinda jarrett and sophie lee, are two - dimensional caricatures, all saucy, vain and bumblingly spiteful, though that is probably due to hogan ' s scripting muriel ' s wedding ys essentially a genre teen comedy with more intelligence and a lot of charm. hogan ' s use of abba tunes (which virtually comprises the entire soundtrack) is interestingly appropriate, although its repetitiveness tires after awhile. hogan ' s script is right on the mark in terms of proportionately mixing comedy with muriel ' s earnest quest dor acceptance, and the gorgerous scene with muriel window - shopping beautifully illustrates the wonder that marriage is for her. the glaring pastel colours worn by the performers is an interesting touch. muriel ' s wedding features a fine performance by toni collette and a charming, if a bit too straightforward and conventional story by p. j. hogan. on my four star scale, i give muriel ' s wedding three stars.